THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

From August the 1st 1714,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the First,

TO

September the 15th 1718,

In the Fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the First.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Vo l. i 8*

B

Lord

Steward's

Deputation.

C^fOHN Earl Poulctt, High Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council, To all, to whom these Presents shall M come, Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Earl of Hertford; Edward Lord Harley; Sir John Stonehouse, Baronet; Wm. Esquire j the honourable Spencer

Compton, John Daamey, Dixie Windsor, Andrews Windsor Francis Robartes, Finch, Henry Bertie, Simon Harcourt, Robert Bruce, Carr Hervey, Benedict Leonard Calvert, Esquires; Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Alex. Cummyns, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Crosse Sir Willo. Hickman, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir John Erjkin, Sir Edward Godere, Sir Alexander Arejkine, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir John Germayne, Sir Robert , Sir Pynfent Chemocke, Sir Bourchier

Wrey, Sir John Pakington, Sir John Conway, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Richard Child, Baronets; Sir Wm.

Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Henry Bellafyfe, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Jacob Bankes, Sir Edward Northey,

Sir Robert Raymond, Sir Tho. Hardy, Knights; Charles C Richard John Stewart, Andrew Archer, Joseph Addison, Edward Harley, John Pringle, John Bland, Frederick Edward Wm. Lowndes,

Alexander Pendaroes, Tho. Vernon, Tho. Harley, John Sharpe, John Conyers, Tho. Conyers, James

Ralph Freman, Tho. Medlycot, Philips Gybbon, James Lowther, John Hade, John Burgh, Francis Annejley, Benjamin Bathurst, Hum. Morice, Robert Heysham, Char. Oliphant, Francis Gwyn, John lludge, Sidney Wort ley, Edward Nicholas, Tho. Frankland, Richard Homage, Henry Vincent, James Nicholls, John Robert

Eclyn, James Stanhope, Geo. Treby, AQon Baldwin, John Gape, John Charles Rojfe, Charles Eversfeild,

Wm. Poultney, William Cadogan, Geo. Naylor, John Ward, Edmund Dunch, Tho. Maynard, Christo. Wren, Robert Monrow, fVm — Guidot, Tho. Chapman, Horatio Walpole?

Elliott, Charles Cholmondley, Tho: Brodrick, Robert Child, Richard Fleming, Leonard-Smelt, Charles Aldworth, Henry Watkins, Edward Hopkins, Samuel Trotman, Thomas Lifter, Nicholas Wm. Stewart, John Hopkins,

John Pugh, John Commyns, Erasmus Lewis, Alexander Abercrombie, Edward Rob, Richard

Collier, Richard Crefwell, Thomas Pitt,'Henry' Campion, John Campbell, Richard Vaughan, James Littleton, and

Phil. Papillon; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them; my Deputies, and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament; according to the Direction of the Statute, of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty. Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, electea or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, for the present Parliament; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my laid Deputies, or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this First Day of August, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. Annoque Domini 1714.

Sealed, and delivered, in the Presence of

Bernard Hutchins, William Paul, Samuel Beard.

POULETT. (L. S.)

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE */COMMONS.

Die Dominic oy i° /, 1714.

Post Meri.

arliament keets on )emife of 2ueen Anne.

IT having pleased Almighty God to call to his Mercy our late most gracious Sovereign Lady Queen of blessed Memory, this Morning between Seven and Eight of the Clock, at her Palace at and her late Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council having met at the Palace of St. James's, and having directed, That his illustrious Highness the Elector of wick-Lunenburg should be proclaimed King; and the Privy-Council, with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, of the City of London, having, between the Hours of Two and Four of the Clock, in the usual Manner, published and proclaimed his laid Highness King, by the Name of George, King of Great Britain, , and

Ireland (the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Lord President of the Council, Lord Steward of the Houshold, and others, Lords and Commons, going in the Procession); about Six of the Clock in the same Afternoon, the Parliament met at Westminster, pursuant to the Statute, made in the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line: And the Right honourable John Earl Poulett, Lord High Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, came into the Room, belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place of administering the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament, before they go into the House of Commons; and, Paul Jodrell Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Stables, Clerk-Assistant, and other Clerks attending according to their Duty, the Lord High Steward did himself, in Person, administer the said Oaths appointed to all such Members as then appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto annexed, impowering the Members lb sworn to administer tire Oaths to those Members as are, or should be, returned: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons; where, being seated, they were acquainted, That Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet, their Speaker, had been gone into the Country some Time; but that a flying Packet was gone to him; and it was hoped he would be in Town speedily: And therefore it was moved, That the House would adjourn till Tomorrow, T welve of the Clock.

Dunce, 2* die Augusti;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1714.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being not

come out of the Country; but it being supposed he B would be in Town this Night; it was moved, That the House would adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Whereupon the Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock, accordingly.

Martisy 30 die Augusti;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1714.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being not Adjourn* yet come to Town; but the House being informed, ment that he would certainly be in Town this Day; thereupon it was moved, That the House would adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock, accordingly.

Mercuriiy 40 die Augusti 5

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1714.

MR. Speaker alone, and then the Members present, Mr. Speaker took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the De- t»k«» Oath*, claration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crow* of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Whereupon, the Clerk, to whom those that spoke applied themselves according to former Practice, in the Absence of a Speaker, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

And the House was adjourned till Tomorrow Tw elve of the Clock, accordingly.

Vol. 18.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

fil

4

Members take Oaths.

Message to attend Lords Justices;

Clajidestine

Outlawries.

Lord

Chancellor’s

Speech

reported;

5° — 6° A

A. 1714.

Jovis, 5# die Angusii;

Anno i°’ Georgii Regis, 1714.

with the greatest Earneftnels, to a perfect: Unanimity, and a firm Adherence to our Sovereign’s Interest; as being the only Means to continue among us our present happy Tranquillity.

CEVtf£R|AL other Members present took the Oaths, kJ and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

A Message was brought from the Lords Justices, by Sir Wm. Otdes, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

(Mr. Speaker,

The Lords Justices command the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

A Bill for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law for preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended at the House of Lords: Where the Lord Chancellor, being One of the Lords Justices of Great Britain appointed and impowered by Act of Parliament to administer the Government till his Majesty shall arrive, did, in the Name of the said Ix>rds Justices, make a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which, for preventing Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy.

Mr. Speaker read the Speech to the House; which is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

' It having pleased Almighty God to take to himself our late most gracious Queen, of blessed Memory, we hope, that nothing has been omitted, which might contribute to the Safety of these Realms, and the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, in this great Conjuncture: As these invaluable Blefiings have been secured to us by those Acts of Parliament which have settled the Succession to these Kingdoms in the most Illulirious House of Hanover, we have regulated our Proceedings by those Rules which are therein prescribed.

The Privy Council, soon after the demise of the late Queen, Afleinbled at St.James's; where according to the said Acts of Parliament, the three Instruments were produced and opened, which had been deposited in the Hands of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and the Resident of Brunj: Those who, either by their Offices, or by virtue of these Instruments, had the Honour of being appointed Lords Justices, did, in conjunction with the Council, immediately proceed to the Proclaiming of our lawful and rightful Sovereign, King George; taking, at the same time, the necessary Care to maintain the Publick Peace.

In pursuance of the Acts before-mentioned, this Parliament is now assembled; and we are persuaded, you all bring with you so hearty a Disposition for his Majesty’s Service, and the Publick Good, that we cannot doubt of your Assistance in every thing which may promote, those great Ends.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

We find it necessary to put you inAnind, That several Branches of the Publick Revenue are expired, by the Demise of her late Majesty; and to recommend to you the making such Provisions in that Respect, as may be requisite to support the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And we allure ourselves, you will not be wanting in any thing that may conduce to the establishing and advancing of the Publick Credit.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We jbrbear laying beibre you any thing that does not require your immediate Consideration; not having received his Majesty’s Piealure: We shall only exhort you,

Resolved, Nentine contnadicenteThat an humble Ad- Address to

drefe he _presented to his Majesty, to condole with his King: Majesty upon the fad Occasion of the Death of our late most gracious Sovereign; to congratulate his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne; and to allure his Majesty of the >utmost Assistance of this House to support his Majesty’s undoubted Right to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, against the Pretender, and all other Persons whatsoever; and also, to express the impatient Desires of his faithful Commons for his Majesty's safe Arrival, and Presence, in Great Britain; and the unanimous Resolutions of this House to maintain the Publick Credit, and effectually make good all Funds which have been granted by Parliament for the Security of any Sums of Money which have been,’ or shall be, advanced for the Publick Service; and that they will use their utmost Endeavours, by all other Means, to make his Majesty’s Reign happy and glorious.

Ordered, That an Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolution.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Bromley, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Richard,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bald-

ivyn, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Mr. Mcdlycot, Mr. Bromley, Mr, Compton, Mr.

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wyndham, Mr.

Rozvney, Dr. Pafke, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Audits Harley, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Murray, Mr. IJutchefon, Mr. Dockminique, Air.

Air. Pidteney, the Lord Sherrard, the Lord Lumlcy,

Air. Chetwynd, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, the Lord Dozrnc, Mr. Finch, Mr. Jones, Mr. Smelt, Sir Stephen Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cockborne, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Walpole, Sir kyll, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Campion, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward,

Air. Aiflabie, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gore, General Stanhope,

General Cadogan, Sir Thomas Crojfe, Sir Henry Bunbury,

Air. Harley, Mr. Addison, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Ccefar, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Michell, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sharp, Air. ther. General Rosse, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Lord William Powlett, Lord Harley, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Rolt, Sir Wm, Barker, Sir John 1 Valter, \lr. Southwell, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Gape, Mr. AnneflMr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Kemp:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Justices be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will Loi-ds Justicei Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration the Lords confide red Justices Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be- Votes to U ing first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do ap- Prmte(*> point the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* dieA;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1714.

P bat Efts.

SEVERAL other Alembers present took the Oaths, Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took ta e at Sl apd subserioed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the A ft, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of tier Majesty’s Person

and

i Geo. I. 6° Augusti. 5

and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Grand Ordered \That the Grand Committee for Religion do

annittee*. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committtee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

immittee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections 'rivileges. be appointed, of Mr. Med/ycott. Mr. General

Cadogan, Mr. Hampden, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Jof. kyll, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ai/labie, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

field, Mr. Slater, Mr. Evelyn, General Stanhope, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mountgomerie, Mr. Gape,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Freeman, Dr. Pajk, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Corfelles, Lord JVm. Mr.

son. Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jonathan Cope, Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Mr. Campion,

Mr. Foley, Lord Downe, Mr. Mr. Clarges,

Sir Tho. Cr.ojfe, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Windsor, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Cock burn. Sir Henry Bellafyfe, Sir JVm. St.

Sir JVm. Wyndham, Sir Jacob , Lord Harley, Mr.

Secretary Bromley, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Bramston, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Finch, Mr. Snell, Sir Robert Fur-neffe. Sir JVillo. Hickman, Mr. Jennings, Sir Robert Jen-Jtinfon, Sir Fulwar Skipwith, Mr. Heron, Mr. Berkeley,

Sir Alexander Cummyns, Mr. Serjeant Currmyns, Mr. Murray, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lord Lumley, Sir Wm.

Withers, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Guibons, Mr. Collyer, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ctefar, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Rolt. General Rojfe, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Hervey, Sir Wm.

Jeer, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Gage, Mr. An-nejley, Mr. Morice, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Mr.

North, Sir Richard Hoare, Sir John Conway, Sir JVm. Lewen, Sir John Caffe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir

JVm. Drake, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Vernon, Sir Christo. Muf-grave, Mr. Treby, Sir John Cope, Mr. Mildmny, Mr. Etterick, Mr. JVentworth, Mr. Mr.

' worth, Mr Sheppard:And they are to meet upon Mon-

day Sevennight at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesllay, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any new Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next after such Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections, within Fourteen Days next, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall cotne in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

UfvudOrdfre. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath Voi. 18.

procured himself to be elected, or returned as a Member of this House, or endeavoured lb to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practice, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of, to be in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers* into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of MiddlesexwaA Westminster do take care, That, from Nine

of the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, be kept free and open; and that no ObstruCfcion be made by Cars,

Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in -

hall, or Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High-Bailiff of Westminster: And that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Mr Secretary Bromley reported from the Committee Addrefo to appointed Yesterday to draw up an humble Address, to tho Kin*, be presented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having a just Sense of the great Lois the Nation has sustainea by the Death of our late Sovereign Lady

C Queen

6 6° — 7° — 9° — IO° A. 1714.

Address to W transmk-ted to the King.

Supply.

Members take Oaths.

Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, humbly crave Leave to condole with your Majesty on this lad Occasion.

It would but aggravate our Sorrow, particularly to enumerate the Virtues of that pious and most excellent Princess; The Duty we owe to your Majesty, and to our Country, oblige us to moderate our Grief, and heartily to congratulate Your Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; whole Princely Virtues give us a certain Prospect of future Happiness, in the Security of our Religion, Laws and Liberties; and engage us to assure Your Majesty, That we will, to our utmost, support Your undoubted Right to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, against the Pretender, and all other Persons whatsoever.

Your faithful Commons cannot but express their impatient Desire for Your Majesty’s safe Arrival and Prelence in Great Britain.

In the mean time, we humbly lay before Your Majesty the unanimous Resolution of this House, to maintain the publick C redit of the Nation; and effectually to make good all Funds which have been granted by Parliament, for the Security of any Money which has been, or shall be, advanced for the publick Service; and to endeavour, by every thing in our Power, to make Your Majesty’s Reign happy and glorious.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, do present the said Address to the Lords Justice$, with the Desire of this House, That they do transmit the same to his Majesty with all convenient Speed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Lords Justices Speech to both Houses of Parliament;

The feme was read again by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houlbold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown;

Resolved, Keminecontradicente. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatt,70 die;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Suceefiion of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Justices to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then tire House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee j

After feme time,

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 90 die Augusti;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and look and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Mr.Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houlbold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lord Justices Mr. Secretary Bromley reported to the House, That he Answer. had, pursuant to their Order, presented to the Lords Justices their humble Addrefe to his Majesty, with the Desire of this House, That they would transmit the same to his Majesty with all convenient Speed: And that the Lords Justices gave Answer, That they will transmit the Address to his Majesty, as the House has desired.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown;

Martis, 10° die Augusti;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

The

Membeii take Oatii

Supplj.

Member take Oatl

i Geo. I.

i o° — 11 ° — 12° — 13

P,ly. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houfbold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to some Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

the Duchy of Cornwall ,which is, by Law, veiled in his Royal Highness the Prince, as Duke of Cornwall.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Revenues be continued from the death of her late Majesty.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° Augusti;

Anno i# Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

Umber* OEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and ike Oaths. made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

.and-Tax Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for :ommission- rectifying the Mistakes in the Commissioners Names for * putting in Execution an Act, passed the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: And that Mr. Pugh, Sir Joseph Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty’s Iloulhold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of his Majesty’s iloulhold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same Revenues which were payable to her late Majesty Queen Anne, of bleifed Memory, during her life, and had Continuance till the time of her Demise, be granted and continued, in like manner, to his Majesty, during his Life; except the Revenue of the Duchy of which is, by Law,

veiled in his Royal Highness the Prince, as Duke of Cornwall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Revenues be continued from the Death of her late Majesty.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same Revenues which were payable to her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blefl'ed Memory, during her Life, and had Continuance till the time of her Demise, be granted and continued, in like manner, to his Majesty, during his Life; except the Revenue of Vol. 18.

Jovis, 1 2° die Augusti;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and Member* made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took take Oath*, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, Support of a Bill for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, King’* and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great 1Ioulhold-Britain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pugh presented to the House, according to Order, Land Tax a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Commissioners Names Commission. for putting in Execution the Act, passed the last Session ere-of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised hv a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.'

V1 eneris, 130 die Augusti \

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and Member* made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took take Oath*, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

A Bill for the better Support of his Majesty’s Hous- Support of hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of King’* Great Britain, was read a Second time. Houlhqld,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause to impower the Lord High

13° — 14° Augusti.

A. 1714-

High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to issue the Sum of Sixty-five thousand Twenty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence; being the Arrear due to the Troops of for their

Service in the Low Countries in the Year 1712; out of ‘ the Three hundred thousand Pounds granted, in the last Session of Parliament, to her late Majesty, towards satisfying the Debt due, on Account, to the Land-Force?.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable and require the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue out of any Money granted by Parliament, the Sum of One hundred thou fend Pounds, to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Person of the Pretender, if ever he should land, or attempt to land, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions.

Land Tax A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Commissioners Commission- Names for putting in Execution the Act, passed the last tn' Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an

Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the continuing, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, all such Laws as would otherwise expire at the End of this Session of Parliament.

Message to attend Lords Justices.

A Message from the Lords Justices, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords Justices command the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended in the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor did, in the name of the Lords Justices of Great Britain, deliver a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which, for preventing Mistakes, be had obtained a Copy.

Mr. Speaker read the Speech to the House: Which is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Lord Chan- It is with great Satisfaction we can now tell you. That cellor’s we have, this Morning, received a Letter from the King;

Speech. wherein his Majesty is graciously pleased to acquaint us.

That his Majesty is battening hither to employ his utmost Care for putting these Kingdoms into a happy and flourishing Condition.

He has commanded us, in the mean time, to continue our Care of every thing that may conduce to the Peace and Safety of his Dominions: And we are assured, that, if this had required his more immediate Presence, he would, without the least Delay, have repaired hither, for the Support of so dutiful and faithful Subjects; for his Majesty does very particularly express his great Satisfaction in the Loyalty and Affection which his People have universally shewn upon his Majesty’s Accession to the Crown.

At the opening this Session, we did not mention to you the Apprehensions we then had, from the Smallnefe of the Sum at that time advanced, that the Lottery would not be full; being desirous, in the first Place, to try to make it effectual in the manner the Parliament had established it: But we are obliged now to acquaint you, That all our endeavours have failed of the desired Succels, though 23

the Contributions have been thereby considerably increased.

We must therefore earnestly recommend to you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, to take this into your Consideration; and to give such further Encouragement as you shall think proper, for raising the whole Sum which was intended, and is absolutely necessary, for carrying on the Service of the Year.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Address to drels be presented to his Majesty, to return the humble tte Kin&-Thanks of this House for the Satisfaction his Majesty has been pleased to express in the Loyalty and Affection which his Subjects have universally shewn upon his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; and for his gracious Intentions of making his People speedily happy with his Royal Presence; and also to assure his Majesty of the Continuance of the same Zeal and Affection to his Majesty, upon all Occasions; and that this House will contribute their utmost Endeavours for preserving the publick Peace, until his Majesty shall arrive.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to the Lords Justices, with the Delire of this House, That they will transmit the same to his Majesty with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to the Lords Justices by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

and to be transmitted to the King

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Lords Justict resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Speech to b consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Justices, coa^dered‘ which relates to the Lottery.

Ordered, That the Lords Justices Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 140 die Augusti;

Anno I. Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and Members made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took Oaths, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Support of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the the King’s better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the HouftwW* Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Bromley reported to the House, That, Lords Juftio pursuant to their Order, he had presented to the Lords Answer. Justices the humble Address of this House, of Yesterday, to his Majesty, with their Desire, That the same might be transmitted to his Majesty with all convenient Speed:

And that the Lords Justices gave Answer, That they will transmit the Address to his Majesty with all convenient Speed.

The

Lottery.

Members ake Oaths.

Privilege.

Support of the King’s Heufhold.

i Geo. I. 140 — i 6°9

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Justices, delivered Yesterday, which relates to the Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Augusti;

Anno i® Georgii Regis, 1714.

Pray f.rs.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

The Standing Orders of the House, for Re-committing of such Persons as were, the precedent Session of Parliament, ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and should abscond from Justice, being read;

And the Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give an Account what he had done in relation to the Persons who were, the last Session of Parliament, ordered to be taken into Custody;

He acquainted the House, That he bad feat a Messenger, with Mr. Speakers Warrant, into Wales, to apprehend Mr. Wm.nailer, who was ordered to be taken into

Custody, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House; but that the said Mr. Waller so absconded, that he could not be taken:

And that, as to Mr. John Ord, William Esquire,

Mr. John Mowbray, Philip Hazard, Nicholas Spark, and

Henry Taylor, who were ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed againstG«org-e/>i/f, Esquire, a Member of this House, he acquainted the House, That he had not Mr. Speaker’s Warrant till about Two Hours before the last Session of Parliament was prorogued.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm.Waller, who was, the last

Sessiori of Parliament, ordered to be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Artns attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by entering upon the Possession, and working the Lead Mines, of Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, and who has since absconded from Justice, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Conyet's, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 18.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, repotted, froitt the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Jufe tices to both Houses, which relates to the Lottery, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for railing so much as is wanting to complete the full Sum of One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, which was intended to be raised for the publick Service, by way of a Lottery, by virtue of the late Act of Parliament in that behalf, the Time for receiving the Contributions on that Act be prolonged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Five thousand Pounds a Year, by that Act granted, be increased, and made up, to be a yearly Fund of One hundred Sixteen thousand Five hundred Seventy-three Pounds Twelve Shillings, during the Term of Thirty-two Years therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the publick Monies which shall, from time to time, come into the Receipt of the Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament made before the Act for the said Lottery, be made an additional Security (over and above the Revenues and Branches settled by the said Act) for making good the said Fund of One hundred Sixteen Thousand Five hundred Seventy-three Pounds Twelve Shillings per Annum; and that the same unappropriated publick Monies, or lo much thereof as shall, from time to time, be necessary for completing and making up the said increased Fund, be, from time to time, applied thereunto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Interest, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Blank Tickets in the said Lottery, be increased by an Addition after the Rate of One Pound per Cent, per Annum; and allowed as well in respect of the Contributions which have been made, as those which shall hereafter be made, in the said Lottery, out of the said increased yearly Fund.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes 'in the Commissioners Names for putting in Execution the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they Have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for confining the Number of Managers for putting in Execution the Powers and Trusts in them re-posed by the Lottery-Act to One-and-twenty; and for providing, That their Allowance shall not exceed One hundred Pounds each.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Persons now residing in Great Britain to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices and Employments, in Ireland: And that Mr. Annefey, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring so, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nbe of the Clock.

D

Lottery.

Qualifying for Office* held in Ireland.

Members take Oaths.

Privilege.

Support of the King’s Houshold.

Qualifying for Offices held in Ireland.

Land Tax Comm ifli oners.

io 170 — 18° — 190 A. 1714.

Martis, 17* d August i;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1714*

Pray ees.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

A Complaint being made to the House, That George God fry, and his Son John Scamberdine, John Jolley, Mr. OJbome Attorney at Law, Mr. Prince, Valentine Moor, and others have made a forcible Entry upon Purset-Mills, the Estate of Lieutenant General Robert Echlyn, a Member of this House; and do detain the Pofiession thereof; and have arrested the said Mr. s Agent and

Servants; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the-laid Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet upon Friday next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty’s Hous-bold, and of the Honour and Dignity, of the Crown of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House a Bill to enable Persons now residing in Great Britain to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annejley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Hutche-son, Mr. Pugh, Mr- Ward, Sir Jof Mr. Guibon,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir Hen.

Biinbuiy, Sir Alexander Cummyns, Sir Tho. C/arges, Mr. Northey, Sir Fulxvar Skipwith, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Letchmere, Lord Wm. Mr. Mr.

Clarges, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Wren, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Jenings, Mr. Northmore: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according, to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Commissioners Names for putting in Execution the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

15

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 18° August i;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Pelling, Chaplairi to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to the' Lord Justices by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council, with the Desire of this House, That they will transmit the same to his Majesty.

Mr. Armejley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Persons now residing in Great Britain to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, was committed, That they had made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendment in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Commissioners Names for putting in Execution the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Augusti;

Anno l° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

S E V E R A L other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and also took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

An

Members take Oath

Chaplain.

Qualifying for Offices held in Ireland.

Land Tax

Commissioners.

Members take Oaths.

II

i Geo. I. 190 — 206-

Qualifying An ingrossed Bill to enable Persons now refilling in eld^CeS Great Britain to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, viand. in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, was read the Third time.

tte/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to fenable Persons now residing in Great Britain to take the Oaths, arid do all other Acts, in Great requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices* and Employments, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. A do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And-Tax An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Com-

.ommission- n,issioners Names for putting in Execution the Act, paired the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to bfe added to the Bill, That for avoiding any Doubt or Question, Concerning the Grant to his Majesty ol certain Duties of Excise, and Customs, for Life, for Support of his Houshold, and the Horious and Dignity of the Crown, ..... and the same shall extend to such Duties of Excise and Customs, Import and Export; as were payable to her late Majesty, after the Union of the Two Kingdoms, for and during her Life, and had Continuance till the Time of her Decease; and to continue rated, levied, and paid, in the several Parts of the United Kingdom, during his Majesty's Life, in the same Manner only as they were payable to her Majesty:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill.

Pr. L. To insert the Name of " William DLrwelf' as a Commissioner for the County of Warwick:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the blames of the commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year 1714; and for railing so much as is Wanting to make up the Sum of One million Four hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the publick Service in the said’ Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr.‘ O debar:

Mr. Speaker, .,

Support of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act: Houthold for d‘e better Support of his MajestyV Houshold, and of* the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Britain,

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Answer Mr. Secretary Bromley reported to the House, That he’ to Address. had presented to the Lords Justices theft humble Address of Yesterday to his Majesty, relating to Dr. Petting, Chaplain to this House, with die Desire of this House, That they will transmit the same to his Majesty; and that their Lordships were pleased to uhfwer, That they will take care to transmit the same to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 18.

-4i° Augusti.

Veneris, 20° dieAuguJH;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax for rectifying Mistakes iii the Names of the Commission- CoramdDon-ers for the Land Tax for the Year 1714; and for railing en-so much as is wanting to make up the' Sum ot One million Four hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by a Lottery for the publick Service in the said Year; without Amendment:

And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Per- Qualifying fons now residing in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, for Offices and do all other Acts, in Gi'eat Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, w ithout Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That feme of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended; , haft India

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Good*» &c* House, pursuant to Act of Parliament, the Accounts of prohibited East India Goods and Naval Stores, from Michaelmas 1713 to Lady-day 1714;

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses of the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1713; with what has been brought in since that Time; what exported, and what remained at Lady-day 1714:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out-Ports, at Michaelmas 1713; what brought in since that Time, what exported; as also, what remained at Lady-day 1714:

An Account of Naval Stores imported from liujfia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1713 to Laay-day 1714:

And an Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-Ports, from Michaelmas 1713 to Lady day 1714.

And then they w ithdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbot /,210 die Augujit

v Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1714.

Praters. —

A MESSAGE from the Lords Justices, by Sir rov»iAffent William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black io Bids.

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords Justices command the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended in the House of Peers; where the Lords Justices gave the Royal Assent to Three publick Bills; viz.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty’s Hodf-hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year 1714; and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the Sum of One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, intended to

be

12

2i0 — 25 0 dug. — 23* Sept. — 210 A. 17x4.

Lord Chan* cel lor s Speech.

be raised by a Lottery for the publick Service in the Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of laid Year: , the Crown of Great Britain; and the other Money- Bill

An Act to enable Persons now residing in Great Bri- which then passed the Royal Allent tain to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer u> respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ire- the Lords Justices have received his Majestys Answer to Added*. land. the humble Address of this House at the Beginning of

And that afterwards the Lord Chancellor, in the Name this Session; and that they had directed him to present of the Lords Justices, made a Speech to both Houses: the same to the Houfa: And he presented the same ac-Which Mr. Speaker lead; and is as followed): viz. cordingly, signed by his Majesty: Which Mr. Speaker

read to the House; and is as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

WE cannot hut express our greatest Satisfaction, and, GEORGE R. in his Majestys Name, return you Thanks for the con- YOUR dutiful and loyal Address is very acceptable to vincing Proofs which you have given, in this Session, of me. The Unanimity and Affection niy Commons have your Duty and Affection to his Majesty, and of your shewn, upon my Accession to the Crown, are most . Zeal for his Government agreeable Instances and Pledges of their Fidelity to me.

We must particularly thank you, Gentlemen of the I have a just Sense of your inexpressible Loss by the Death House of Commons, for the Aids which you have grant- of your late Sovereign. You may be assured of my coned to his Majesty, for the better Support of the Honour stant Endeavours to secure to you the full Enjoyment of of the Crown, and for preventing any Di(appointment in your Religion, Laws and Liberties; and that it will al-the Supplies, given in the last Session, for the Service of ways be my Aim to make you an happy and flourishing this Year: You may be allured. That the Unanimity, the People; to which your Rel'olution to maintain the pub-Chearfulness , and the Dispatch, with which you have pro- lick Credit of the Nation will greatly contribute. I am ceeded in granting these Aids, will render them yet more flattening to you, according to your earnelt Desire, and acceptable to his Majesty; and you tnay depend upon the just Expectations of my People, our making a faithful Representation thereof to him.

My Lords and Gentlemen, Ref contradicente. That the humble Thanks for All necessary Business being now happily concluded, it Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his Answer. will be proper for us to put a speedy End to this Session: most gracious Message in Answer to their Address.

We think fit, at present, in his Majesty's Name, to de- OrThat the said Return of Thanks to his Ma-fireyou forthwith respectively to adjourn yourselves until jesty be presented to the Lords Justices, with the Desire Wednesday next of this House, That they will transmit the same to his Majesty.

And then the House accordingly adjourned till Wednesday Morning next Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,25° die A&gusti;

Anno i* Georgji Regis, 1714.

PR AYERS.

Membm O E V E R A L other Members present took the Oaths, tak« Oaths. and made and subscribed the Declaration, and allb took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant line.

Mr. Speaker'* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to print the Speech to be Speech by him made on Saturday last upon presentipg to printe . Lords Justices the Bill for the better Support of his

A Message from the Lords Justices, by Sir William Message to Oldes, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: attend Lord*

Mr. Speaker, Justice*.

The Lords Justices command the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, in the Name of the Lords Justices, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Having, since your last Adjournment, received his Ma- Parliament jesty’s most gracious Answer, under his Sign Manual, to Pror°gue<i-your several Addresses, and, by his Majestys Command, ordered them to be delivered to you respectively; we do now, in his Majestys Name, prorogue this present Parliament to Thursday the Twenty-third Day of September next: And this present Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-third Day of September next.

Jovis, 21* Septembris j

Anno r Georgii Regis, 1714.

Parliament HP H E House being met;

further X A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir prorogued. William Oldes , Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Com-

Jovis, 2 2° die 0£lobris\

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1714.

Parliament rT' H E House being met;

jrther X A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir prorogued. William Oldes, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords* authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, define the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the Twenty-first Day of October next:

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-first Day of October next.

million, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission w'as read, for proroguing the Parliament until the Thirteenth Day of January next:

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Thirteenth Day of January next.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ^COMMONS-

jr

Vol. IS.

*4

By the KING.

A PR OCLAMATION

For Calling a new Parliament

GEORGE R.

IT having pleased Almighty GOD, by most remarkable Steps of his Providence, to bring Us in Safety to the Crown of this Kingdom, notwithstanding the Deligns of evil Men, who shewed themselves disaffected to Our Succession, and who have since, with the utmost Degree of Malice, misrepresented Our firm Resolution, and uniform Endeavours, to preserve and defend Our most excellent Constitution both in Church and State; and attempted, by many false Suggestions, to render Us suspected to Our People; We cannot omit, on this Occasion, of First summoning Our Parliament of Gre Britain (in Justiceto Ourselves, and that the Miscarriages of others may not be imputed to Us, at a Time when false Impressions may do the greatest and irrecoverable Hurt before they can be cleared up), to signify to Our whole Kingdom, That We were very much concerned, on Our Accession to the jublick Affairs of Our Kingdoms

Crown, to find f under the greatest Trader and the Interj great Debts of the observe. 'had bee lion of the last War:

iculties, agXpell in respect of Our Iption of Q^r'Navigation, as of the prtion, which'"We were surprized. to much4ftereased since the Conclu-We do not, therefore, doubt, that if the ensuing Elections shall be made by Our loving Subjects with that Safety and Freedom which, by Law, they are intitled to, and We are firmly resolved to maintain to them, they will fend up to Parliament the fittest Persons to redress the present Disorders, and to provide for the Peace and Happinets of Our Kingdoms, and the Ease of Our People for the future; and therein will have a particular Regard to such as shewed a Firmnels to the Protestant Succession when it was most in Danger: We have, therefore, found it necessary, as well for the Causes aforesaid, as for other weighty Considerations concerning Us and Our Kingdoms, to call a new Parliament; and We do accordingly declare, That, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue out Writs, in due Form, for the Calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Tefie on Monday the Seventeenth Day of this instant January, and to be returnable on the

Seventeenth Day of March next following.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifteenth Day of January 1714, in the First Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

Note, That, in some of the Copies of this Proclamation which have been issued, Monday, instead of ' Thursday, the Seventeenth 0 was by Mif-

insertedj, 1 f; }» j-"

Ijoh)

Steward's

Deputation.

*5 r

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE o/COMM ON S.

JTJTTILL!AM Duke of Devonshire, High Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the r r most Noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable cawen, Sir Richard Onjlirw, Sir Jacob Sir Robert

Dovers, Sir Tho. Wheat, Sir Rich the Honourable Francis Robartes, Reginald John

Leigh, Owen Meyrick, Tho. Ferrers, Philip

Jqfeph Earl, Tho. Miller, the Lord Powlett, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir JVm.Daines, Henry Holmes, Rickard

Reynell, Wm. Helier, A nth. Morgan, Geo. Bridges, Wm. Am, Tho. Stephens, William Bray, Sir Tho. Read, Wm. Dowdfwell, Godfrey Clark, Samuel Bracebridge, JVm. JVara, Clement Corrance, Jqfeph Heme, James -nings, Charles Longueville, Sir Wm.

Forrcsler, Charles Mason, Richard Fleming, Richard Fowler, John Bigg, Wm.Edgerton, Wm. Thomson, John WeJl, Geo. Trenchard, John Eden, Henry Tren-

chard, Tho. D'Grey, Tho. White, Richard Grantham, Sir John Rogers, John Henley, Tho. King, Walter Chetwynd, Maurice Berkley, Geo. Chafin, Tho. Horner, Denzil Onslow, Tho. Rowney, John Jennyns, Sir John Norris, ATat thew Ay Inter, John Pepper,

Wm. Okeden, Tho. Lewis, William Stanhope, Tho. Pajk, John Hungerford, Tho. Onslow, Sir James Bateman, Tho. Middleton, Sir John Coriton, Sir Tho. John

Curzon, Wm. Inge, Tho. Brodrick, Horatio Town fend. Sir Robert Rich, Edward Nicholas, Henry Portman, Sir Arth. Owen, Sir Robert Worjley, Sir Harry Goring, Wm. Nervland, Tho. Wyld, Sir Nathanael Mead, John Digby, Daniel Lord Finch, Tho. Wilkinson, John Selwyn, flenry Cartwright, Richard Wynn, John Anjlis, Francis Drew, Richard Hampden, Willi JqjfephAddiJbn,

Giles Earl, Thomas Lyddall, Wm. Lowndes, Richard Edgcomb, Wm. Shippin, Sir Furnefe, Francis

Clark, Wm. Carr, Thomas Lewis, George Evans, Ralph Bell, Christopher Wren, Robert Geyer, John Rolle, Wm. Sloper, Stephen Bif/e, Wm. Ste, Charles Bertie, Wm.

Nor they. Sir Alexander Commyns, and Wm. Hacks; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them; my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and Head, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned iti the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late MajestieS King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, accord-ingto the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, of the Parliament appointed to meet the Seventeenth Day of March instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of then), shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Seventeenth Day of March, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. Anno Domini 1714.

Devonshire. (L. S.J

Sealed and delivered in the Presence of

Will. Nelbye.

Vol. 18,

170 Martil

A. 1714.

Parliamentum inceptum et tentum apud Civitaf Westmonaft> die Jovis, 17° die Marta, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britannise, Franciae, et Hiberniae, Regis, Fidei Defenforis, &c. 1°, Annoque Domini 1714.

Parliament /XN which Day, being the First Day of the Meet-neeta. M fag of this Parliament, pursuant to a Proclatna- Btion (hereunto annexed), and also to the Writs

which had issued for that Purpose, the most ' Noble Wm. Duke of De Lord High Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Eleven of the Gock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual place to administer the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament: And, George Wright 1 Esquire, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered in a Book of the Names of the Members who had been returned; and Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Stables, Clerk-Alfift-ant, and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himself in Person administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering several of the Members who bad before been (worn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the same, accordingly, to such other Members as appeared:

Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which,

Message to A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir WU-attend the siam Oldes, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

ing* Gentlemen,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Directions, laid,

Lord Chancellor’s Speech.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am commanded by his Majesty to acquaint you, That his Majesty does not intend to declare the Causes of calling this Parliament, till there be a Speaker of the House of Commons:

And therefore, you, the Gentlemen of the House of Commons, are to repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there proceed to the Election of a fit Person to be your Speaker, whom you are to present to his Majesty here, for his Royal Approbation, on Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Compton The Right honourable Algernoon Earl of Hartford,

chosen Son and Heir apparent to the most Noble Charles

Speaker. Duke of Somerset, Knight of the Shire for the County of

Northumberland, laid;

That the House having received his Majesty’s Commands to return, and immediately choose a Speaker; although he was himself very unfit to recommend any Per-ibn; yet he should take upon him to name one, of whole Abilities and Virtues, he thought, no one need be better convinced, though it very ill became him to recommend: And thereupon the honourable Spencer Compton Esquire, who had already made known his Experience in the House, and given lo many Occafioas of knowing his Abilities in every thing of that Kind; and as he had already, with the

freateft Honour, filled the Chair of the Committee of 'rivileges and Elections, which next to that of the Speak-' era, is the highest we have'; there was no occasion to say

more of him; and therefore moved, That Spencer Compton Esquire might take the Chair of the House.

Then the Lord Finch, Son and Heir apparent to the Right honourable Daniel Earl of Nottingham, Knight of the Shire for the County of Rutland, said;

That, after the honourable Mention, which the Noble Member had been pleased to make of Mr. Compton, whole Abilities were lo well known to every Gentleman in the House, his Addition would be a Mif-spending of Time; But, however, on this Occasion, he could not but take notice of him, as be was a Person defeended of a very noble and honourable Family, in all Times famous for their steady Adherence to the Constitution in Church and State; for their inviolable Loyalty to a deserving Master, though an unfortunate Prince; that he had eminently distinguished himself in the true Interest of his Country, by his firmly adhering to, and supporting with Resolution, those Measures, that were necessary to maintain the Protestant Succession, when in the utmost Danger; upon which alone the -Security of the Church of Englanthe Protestant Religion

abroad, and the Liberties of his Country, could depend; without which, they might not have had an Opportunity this Day to choose a Speaker: That, by these Virtues, and his great Abilities in Parliamentary Affairs, he had so well deserved of his Country, as to merit all Marks of Esteem that they could shew him: That he had already discharged the Duty of the Second Chair, when intruded with the Rights and Liberties of the Commons, with such Temper, Candour, and Impartiality, as must satisfy every Gentleman in the House, that he will support the Dignity of the Chair, and shew himself entirely equal to the Trust they should repole in him. Unless such Merit fills the Chair, in vain would it be for a Speaker, at the Bar of another House, to insist upon the Rights and Privileges of Parliaments, Freedom of Speech, and Liberty of Debating; for it would ever be in the Bread of a Speaker to obstruct that Freedom of Speech, which the Crown has not a Right to deny: Since, therefore, to complete his Character, he has already distinguished himself by these Virtues, so necessary to every one who is to preside in a free Assembly, he begged Leave to second the Motion, That Spencer Compton Esquire, do take the Chair.

Then Mr. Compton stood up in his Place; and laid;

That Excuses upon these Occasions were generally lo much suspected, that, notwithstanding the just Sense ha had of his own Inabilities, he should have chose to have iat silent, and submitted himself to the Pleifure of the House, had nothing but his own Reputation, however dear that was to him, been concerned in the Decision of this Question: But when he considered, that the future Prosperity and Tranquillity of this Kingdom would entirely depend on many difficult and important Points, which must necessarily come under the Consideration of this Parliament, he must own he trembled, left the just Expectation the Nation had of Relief, of Security, and of future Happiness, from the Deliberations of this House of Commons, should be any ways obstructed, if not dil-appointed, by his Want of Capacity; and that he should therefore think himself inexculable, did he not lay before Gentlemen how unequal he found himself to so great a Weight: And since there were so many Gentlemen in this House (he might venture to lay there never were more iq any House of Commons), whole Experience, added to their Abilities, did fitly qualify them' to promote those

great

i Geo. I. ai* Martii.

great and good Purposes, which, he was fare, every Gentleman in the House proposed for the Service of his Country, from the Determination of this Parliament, he should hope he might be allowed to fit down, perfectly satisfied -with the Honour of having been proposed by Two Honourable Persons, who were the Ornaments of the last Parliament; and whole steady Adherence to the true Interest of their Country, added a Luftreeven to their Birth: And that Gentlemen would agree on some other Person, whose greater Abilities w ould enable him to discharge this' high Trust, with Reputation to himself, and Advantage to he Publick.

But, the House calling upon Mr. Compton, To the Chair; he was taken out of his Place by the Earl of Hartford, and the Lord Finch; who led him from the Bar of the House, up to the Chair: Where, upon the Steps, he said;

That the undeserved Honour he had received, by being brought thu6 far, require the utmost Return of Gratitude to the whole House, and his most hearty Thanks to every Member of it; and would stop him from farther insisting on his own Insufficiency, left he should be thought to censure the Judgment of the House: The real Sense of his ownWeakness still urged him to entreat Gentlemen to desist from lb improper a Choice: and to give him Leave to return to his former Seat, where the Errors he might commit could be only unfortunate to himself; whereas, in the Chair, they might be prejudicial to the whole Kingdom:

But the House cried, No, no.

Whereupon Mr. Compton took the Chair;

And, the Mace,-which before lay under the Table, being laid upon the Table, he, standing up, said; Though the House would not allow of his Excuse, he hoped they would be pleased to permit him to intercede with his Majesty to command them to proceed to another Election.

The Members cried, No, no.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair.

Adjourn- Then Mr. Secretary Stanhope said; His Majesty hav-ttent. jDg determined, that this House should attend his Majesty upon Monday next, at the Bar of the House of Lords, at Twelve of the Clock, in order to present their Speaker to hjm; he therefore moved, That the House would adjourn till Monday next.

And then the House adjourned acco'rdingly, till Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

ment to col left, nor Skill to guide, their Debates; nor can I boast of any thing that could entitle me to the Favour of the Commons, but an unshaken Fidelity to the Protestant Succession; This, Sir, to your faithful Commons, lup-plied the Want of all Qualifications: By this First Step, they design to convince the World, That a ltcady Adherence to the Interest of Your Majesty s Royal House is the only Recommendation to the Favour of Your Commons: This, Your Commons hope, may be feme Excuse for their presuming to present to Your Majesty a Person, whose Insufficiency rendered him so improper lor them to elect, or for your Majesty to approve: But though Your Majesty should be graciously pleased to allow this as a Justification for Your Commons, yet I should be unpardonable, did I not, with all Humility, represent to your Majesty, That, though my Zeal be great, my Infirmities are greater: This Employment requires a Man of better Understanding, and stronger Judgment, than I am Mailer of; and lam therefore an humble Suitor to your Majesty, to accept my Excuse, and to command the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, to return to their House, and there to make Choice of some fitter Person to discharge the great Trust, on the due Execution whereof the Publick Welfare so much depends.

Then the Lord Chancellor, taking Directions from his Majesty, said;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I am to acquaint you, by his Majesty’s Command, That his Majesty is perfectly well satisfied with the Choice you have made of Mr. Compton, to be your Speaker: And therefore his Majesty doth allow of, and confirm, you, Mr. Compton, to be Speaker of the House of Commons.

Then Mr. Speaker laid;

That, sinceit is not Your Majesty’s Pleasure to admit my Excuse, it is my Duty to submit, and cheerfully to undergo this Burden, which Your Majesty, and the Commons, have been pleased to lay on me; having an entire Confidence in Your Majesty’s Goodness for Pardon for my Errors and Infirmities; at least, that they may not be imputed to Your faithful Commons: On whose behalf I lay Claim, by humble Petition to Your Majesty, to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly. That they may have Privilege from Arrests, and Disturbance, for their Persons, Estates, and Servants; Liberty of Speech, for the better Management of their Debates; and free Access to Your Majesty’s Royal Person, as Occasion shall require.

Lurtce, 2i°

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1714.

Mr. Speaker rT, HE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect having approved of X taken the Chair;

by the King. A Message was brought from his Majesty by Sir JVm.

Oldes, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker cleft, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty! Where he lpake to the Effect following j viz.

May it please Your Majesty,

The Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have, in Obedience to your Majesty’s Command, proceeded to the Choice of their Speaker; and now attend, with all Humility, to present me to Your Majesty, as the Effect of that Choice.

It must be very surprising to Your Majesty, that, from amongst so many honourable, learned, and worthy, Persons, who are every way qualified to discharge this great Trust, any thing could induce Your Commons to present me, for your Majesty’s Approbation, who have none of those Endowments necessary for the Execution of this important Charge: I have neither Memory to retain, Judg-Vojl. 18.

Then the Lord Chancellor, receiving further Direction^ from his Majesty, said;

Mr. Speaker,

I am commanded by his Majesty to say, That his Majesty, being fully assured of the Prudence, Loyalty, and good Affections, of the House of Commons, does most willingly grant to them all their Privileges, in as full a manner as they have at any time been granted, or allowed, by any of his Majesty’s Royal Predecessors.

And, as to what you have prayed in relation to yourself, his Majesty will be graciously pleased to put the bell and most favourable Construction upon your Words and Actions in the Execution of this, great Trust, as Speaker of the House of Commons; being satisfied, by your past Conduct, of your good Intentions, and Zeal for his Service, and the true Interest of your Country, and of your Experience and Abilities in the Bufinefc of Parliaments.

The House being returned, Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty had been pleased to approve the Choice which they had made of him for their Speaker; whereby his Majesty had given Proof, that he would never deny any thing that can be asked of him by his faithful Commons *, because it will be impossible for them ever to make a Requell, that could be more reasonably refused:

F That

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Stealing Cattle.

The King's Speech reported.

21* — 32°-

That he did, in their behalf, demand all their ancient Rights and Privileges} particularly Freedom of Speech, Privilege from Arrests, and Disturbance, for themselves. Servants, and Estates; and free Accefe to his Majesty s Person, as Occasion should require: And that his Majesty was pleased to signify, by the Lord Chancellor, That they should enjoy all their ancient Privileges, in as ample manner as any of their Predecessors.

After which, Mr. Speaker returned his hearty Thanks to the House for the great Honour they had done him; alluring the House, That he would endeavour to behave himself with the utmost Refoex to the House, and every Member of it; and would discharge his Duty, uprightly and impartially; and, as long as he should continue lo to do, he hoped to have the Support and Assistance of the House, and of every Gentleman in it:

That he recommended to Gentlemen the Observation of those good Orders established by their Predecessors, for the Dispatch of Bufinefc; and that they would find great Ease in them: And that they were more particularly ne-ccfiary to be observed at this Time, the Session beginning lb late; and that it was to be wished, Gentlemen would come early in the Morning:

That, he hoped, in their Debates, Gentlemen would confine themselves to the Matter in Question, and avoid Reflexions; for one Reflection would beget another, and carry Gentlemen from the Argument.

After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in mind. That the First thing the y had to do, was to take the Oaths appointed, and to make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And thereupon, Mr. Speaker first, alone, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed tire Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, accordingly.

And, after him, several other Members took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 22° Martii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1714. Praters.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii 230 die Martii

Anno r Georgii Regis, 1714*

Prayers.

O EVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and O made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punching, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read foe First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That, on Monday last, when the House attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, his Majesty was graciously pleased to declare, from the Throne, That he had ordered the Lord Chancellor to declare the Caules of calling this Parliament, in his Majesty’s Name

-2 30 Martii. A. 1714.

and Words: And that, accordingly, the Lord Chancellor did declare the Causes of calling this Parliament, as they are mentioned in a Speech delivered into his Hands by his Majesty from the Throne: Which Speech he read to both Houses: and of which, to prevent Mistakes, Mr. Speaker said he had obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as follow’s;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

This being the first Opportunity that I have had of meeting my People in Parliament, since it pleased Almighty God, of his good Providence, to call me to the Throne of my Ancestors, I most gladly make use of it, to thank my faithful and loving Subjects for that Zeal and Firmnels that hath been shewn in Defence of the Protestant Succession, against all the open and secret Practices that have been used to defeat it: And I shall never forget the Obligations I have to those who have distinguished themselves upon this Occasion.

It w’ere to be wished, that the unparalleled Successes of a War, which was so wifely and cheerfully flip ported by this Nation, in order to procure a good Peace, had been attended with a suitable Conclusion: But it is with Concern I must tell you, that feme Conditions even of this Peace, essential to the Security and Trade of Great tain, are not yet duly executed; and the Performance of the Whole may be looked upon as precarious, until we shall have formed defensive Alliances, to guaranty the present Treaties.

The Pretender, who still resides in Lorrain, threatens to disturb us; and boasts of the Assistance which he still expeXs here, to repair his former Dilappointments.

A great Part of our Trade is rendered impracticable: This, if not retrieved, muftdestroy our Manufactures, and ruin our Navigation.

The Publick Debts are very great; and surprisiugly in-created, even since the fatal Cessation of Arms: My first Care was, to prevent a farther Increase of these Debts, by paying off forthwith a great Number of Ships, which had been kept in Pay, when there was no Occasion for continuing such an Expence.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I rely upon you for such Supplies as the present Cir-> cuinstances of our Affairs require for this Year’s Service, and for the Support of the Publick Faith: The Estimates shall be laid before you, that you may consider of them; and what you shall judge necessary for your Safety, I shall think sufficient for mine.

I doubt not but you will concur with me in Opinion, That nothing can contribute more to the Support of the Credit of the Nation, than a ftriX Observance of all Parliamentary Engagements.

The Branches of the Revenue formerly granted for the Support of the Civil Government, are 1b far encumbered and alienated, that the Produce of the Funds which remain, and have been granted to me, will fall much lliort of what w’as at first: designed, for maintaining the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And since it is my Hap-pinefe, as I am confident you think it yours, to fee a Prince of Wales who may in due time succeed me on the Throne; and to fee him blessed with many Children, the heft and most valuable Pledges of our Care and Concern for your Prosperity; this must occasion an Expence to which the Nation has not of many Years been accustomed; but such as, surely, no Man will grudge: And, therefore, I do not doubt, but you will think of it with that Affection which I have Reason to hope for from you.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Eyes of all Europe are upon you, waiting the Issue of this First Session: Let no unhappy Divisions of Parties here at home divert you from pursuing the common Interest of your Country; let no wicked Insinuations dif-quiet the Minds of my Subjects: The established Constitution in Church and State shall be the Rule of my Government; the Happiness, Ease, and Prosperity, of my People shall be the chief Care of my Life: Those who assist me in carrying on these Measures. I shall always

efteera

t Geo. I. 23" Martii.

Address on the King's Speech.

Grand

Committee*.

Committee tf Privileges.

esteem my best Friends: And I doubt not, but that I shall be able, with your Assistance, to disappoint the Designs of those who would deprive me of that Blessing which I most value, the Affection of my People.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to express our just Sense of the Divine Providence in placing his Majesty on the Throne of his Ancestors: To return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; for his Assurances, that the established Constitution in Church and State shall be the Rule of his Government; and for his Goodness expressed to-those who distinguished themselves by their Zeal and Firmness for the Protestant Succession: To express our Concern, that any Conditions of the late Peace, essential to the Security and Trade of Great Britain, are not yet duly executed; that such Alliances have not been formed, as are necessary to render the Peace durable; that our Manufactures and Navigation are in such Hazard, by the Difficulties brought upon our Commerce; and that the Publick Debts are greatly increased, even since the Cessation of Arms: To declare our highest Resentinent against the presumptuous Declaration of the Pretender, and the Encouragement he boasts to have received from hence: And to allure his Majesty, ITiat we will demonstrate our just Sense of the great Blessings derived to these Nations in the Person of the Prince of , and his Issue, by enabling his Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable Provision for the Royal Family; and that we will likewise grant such Supplies as shall be requisite for the Service of the Year, and for maintaining Parliamentary Credit; and will support his Majesty in such Alliances as* he shall judge necessary to make, for preserving the Peace of Europe.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, to be presented to his Majesty:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord Hinchin-

brook, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Arth. KayMr. Pulteney, Mr. Cdfar,

Sir Robert Raymond, Mr. Wallop, Mr. Mr

Mr. Drake, Mr. Edgcomb, Sir Norris, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Addison, Mr. Smith, Mr. England, Mr.

Sir Tho. Crojfe, Lord Downe, Mr. Conyers, Sir Geo. War-

burton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Steel, Lord Pagett, Mr. Laris, Mr. Roirney, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Cope, Lord Hervey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Mr. Attorney-

General, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Lord Powlett, Mr.

Broderick, Mr. Bay lie, Sir Wm. Sir Tho.

Scazvcn, Mr. Godfrey, Sir (filbe Heathcot, Mr. Prelaw-

ney, Mr. Annejley, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Diston, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Wm, Whitlocke, Mr. Smith, the Earl of Hartford, Sir

John Walter, Mr. Norris, Lord Castlecomer, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Mountague, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.' Wyld, Mr. Shippen, Sir Nich. Morice, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Jessop, Mr. CMr. Air.

Guibbon; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed, of Mr. Hampden, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Vot. 18.

Walpole, Afr. Comptroller, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sehoin, Mr. Micklethwaite, Air.

Air. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Tho. Croflc, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Norris, Mr. Bladen, Lord If inchin-brook, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sir Tho.

Wheate. Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Grantham, Sir Arth.Kay, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Norris, Mr. ham, Mr. Jefi'of, Sir Tho. Read, Sir John Cope, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Craggs, Air.

D'Gray, Mr. Pitt. Air. Carpenter, Sir Air. Britisfe, Sir Montague Blundell, Mr. Fielding, Mr.

Broderick, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Monro, Sir Robert Raymond, Ixird Cafilecomer, Mr. Ward, Sir John Ward, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Randyl, Mr. Gayer, Mr. Stanyon, Sir John Hobbard,

Mr. Hopkins, Sir Harry Hoghton, Mr. Smith, Mr

Mr. Archer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fownes, Mr. Cockboum, Sir John Joinings, Mr. London, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Tre-vanion. Sir Geo. Bing, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Inge, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Lord Scudamore, Mr. Newport, Mr. Nevill, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Northleigh, Mr. Bampfyld, Mr. JVtnJlanley, Mr. Chaplain, Mr. Geo. Pitt.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Ferrers, General Rosse, Sir Carew, Sir Copleston Warw. Bampfyld, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Eden, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shippen, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. England, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Mr.

Air. Trevor, Mr. Couper, Mr. Bristow, Mr. North, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Steel, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Hale, Mr. Conyers, Lord Dozen, Lord Harvey, Sir HindCotton, Mr. Heysham, General Harvey, Mr. Treby, Sir James Bateman, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edward

Turner, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Drake, Mr. Eyles, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Wade, Sir Willoughby Air.

Air. Smelt, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Attorney-General, Afr.

Diston,'Sir Eduard Ernie, Sir Wm. Dailies, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Worsley, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Lord

Newport, Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr. Henley, Air -

ston, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Smith, Mr. Plump tree. Sir chard Farington, Mr. Lade, Mr. Mr.

Air. Stanhope, Mr. Addison, Mr. Harris, Sir Arth. Ozven, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Homage, Mr. Windsor, Sir Nick. Morice, Sir AlexanderCumings

ing, Mr. Newland, Sir Henry Oxenden, Dr. Pajke, Afr. Wrightson. Sir Wm.Wyndham, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Air. Ash, Lord Finch, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Churchill, Lord

Sands, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert , Mr. Air.

Rudge, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Heath, Mr. Nof they, Sir Wm. Humphreys, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Cholniley, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Denton, Mr. Bland, Mr. Dawney, Mr. Sclater, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Geo. Beaumont, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Sir Tho.

Johnson, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Edward Williams, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Sir Nath.

Mead, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Palmer, Mr Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Portman, Mr. Rowney, Sir Char. Turner, Mr. Wyld, Sir Geo. Warburton, Air. (JrquhartAnd they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any new Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next after such Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members w ho are returned for Two or more Places are to make their Elections within Fourteen Days next for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Alat-ter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do w ithdraw till their It -turns are determined.

Resolved

XJfual

Orders.

20 2 30 — 240 1714.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practice, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter, or hinder, any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemea-nor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed, with the utmost Severity, against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of, to be in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee t>f the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked Up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the Hoi^e, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of

Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Nine

of the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in hall, or Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherw ife, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster:And that he do fee the same put

in execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Resolved, That, notwithstanding the Oath taken by any Candidate at, or after, any Election, his Qualification may be afterwards examined into.

Resolved, That the Person whose Qua;ification is expressly objected to, in any Petition relating to his Election, shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, give to the Clerk of the House of Commons a Paper, signed by himself, containing a Rental, or Particular, of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereby he makes out his Qualification; of which any Person concerned may have a Copy.

Resolved, That, of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the Party hath not been in Possession for Three Years before the Election, he shall also insert in the same Paper, from what Person, and by what Conveyance, or Act, in Law, he claims and derives the fame; and also the Consideration, if any paid; and the Names, and Places of Abode, of the Witnesses to such Conveyance and Payment.

Resolved, That if a Sitting-Member shall think fit to question the Qualification of a Petitioner, he shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, leave Notice thereof in Writing, with the Clerk of the House of Commons; and the Petitioner shall, in such Case, within Fifteen Days after such Notice, leave, with the said Clerk of the House, the like Account, in Writing, of his Qualification, as is required from a Sitting Member.

John Wallop Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire Andover for the County of Southampton; and also a Burgess for Writ, the Borough of Andover, in the said County; made his Election to serve for the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Andover, in the room of the said Mr.

Wallop.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Haverford-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the " eft Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Haxerford-West, in the room of John Laugkarn Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning The King's next, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to be Speech to both Houses of Parliament. con ere

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Printing being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do the appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 240 die Martii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1714-Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Member*.

and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took take Oath*, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The honourable Spencer Compton Esquire, Speaker of East Grin, this House, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the ^ead Writ. County of Sufex; and also a Burgess for the Borough of East Grinstead, in the same County; made his Election

to serve for the said County of Sufex.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Grinstead, in the room of the said Mr. Compton.

The House being informed, That feme of the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Prohibited House, a Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, with East India the Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval ®oods*fcc*

Stores,

I Geo. I. 4a* Ma a i

Stores, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; viz.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses in the'Port of,

at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: Also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out-Ports, at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; what brought in since that time, what exported, as also w hat remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; Also,

An Account of the Naval Stores imported from RtiJ/ia into the Port of London, from One thousand

Seven hundred and Fourteen, to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: Also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-Ports, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

The Titles of the Report, and Accounts, were read. Ordered, That the said Report, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report, and Accounts, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House taking Notice, by the Book of Returns, That the Sheriff of the County of Leicester hath not returned any Knights of the Shire to serve in this Parliament for the said County; and that he hath made a special Return, why he had not returned such Knights; the said Return was read; by which he certified, That he was affauited in the Execution of the Writ; and that the Election was prevented by Riots:

Which said special Return, or Certificate, is as follows;

viz.

These are to certify, That Sir John Meeres, Knight, Sheriff of the County of Leicester, has returned the YVrit of Election for the present Parliament, to him directed; and that the Execution thereof appears by the Schedules annexed; by one of which, Sir George Beaumont Baronet, and James Winstanley Esquire, are elected Burgesses for the Borough of Leicester; by the other. That no Knights of the Shire are elected for the said County.

A Copy of this Schedule here followed); to wit;

Postquam iftud breve, mihi directum, deliberatum suit, ego infra nominates vicecomes breve illud cuidam Wil-lielmo Barefb , generofo, fub-vicecomiti meo comitatus mei inframentionati, deliberavi, debita juris forma exequen-dum, secundum formatn et exigentiam ejusdem brevis; quodque, virtute brevis illius, idem Willielmus Barefby, fob-vicecomes comitatus mei, ut praefertur, exiltens, ad proxiinum comitatum meum, post receptioneui foam ejusdem brevis tantum apud Castrum Leiceftrias, in comi-tatu meo, vicesimo die Januarii, anno in brevi praedicto mentionato, in pleno comitatu illo proclamari fecit omnia in ifto brevi contenta, secundum formam et effectumejuf-dein brevis; et postea adjournamentum fecit Castro pras-dicto, primo die mensis Februarii sequente, ad electionem praedictam incipiendum: Ad quam diem tunc et ibidem ineepet, et proceffit de die in diem, ad eligi faciendum duos indites, gladiis cinctos, magis idoneos et discretos, comitatus mei, juxta exigentium brevis illius: quodque post meridiem, die secundo Februarii praedicto, quidam Thomas Forltergenerofus, nuperdeThurnby, et Johannes Conyers generol’us, nuper de lllaifton (aggregatis eis quamplurimis aliis malefactoribus ignotis, pacifque domini Regis nunc perturbutoribus. ad numerurn quadraginta personarum, et amplius) adtunc et ibidem riotofe, routofc, et illicite, fe-iplus gcrebant, ad electionem illam perturbandum it iuipe-dienduin; et adtunc et ibidem, vi et armis, in ipsum Willielmum Bareiby, fub-vicecomitem comitatus mei, ut Vox.. 18.

prefertur, existentem, in executione brevis illius, ejufque officii et debiti, adtunc et ibidem, riotofe, routofe, et illi-cite, insultum etaffraiam fecerunt.et ipsum Willielmum adtunc verberaverunt, et maletraftaverunt, ac eundem Willielmum electionem illam faciendum interpellavcrunt, interruperunt, et disturbaverunt, eidcm, Willielmo tales et tantas minas de vita fua, et mutilatione membrorum foo-rum, adtunc et ibidem impofuerunt, ipfomque talibus et tantis minis, gravaminibus, adtunc et ibidem affecerunt, atque tales et tantas riotas, routas, affraias, tumultus, et per-turbationes, ad tunc et ibidem facerunt, et perpetraverunt, ita quod ipse duos milites eligi facere non potuit juxta exigentiam brevis illius, nec duo milites de comitatu med eligi potuerunt, juxta exigentiam ejusdem brevis; et, propter caufas proediftas, non eligi feci, nec eligi facere potui, duos milites, gladiis cinftos, de comitatu meo, juxta exigentiam atque formam et effefitum ejusdem brevis.

Johannes Meeres, Vic. Leiceftri® praedict’.

Given under my Hand the Seventeenth Day of Marcht Annoque Domini One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen;

C. C.

And the House being informed, That there have beeii Two Petitions left with the Clerk of the House, pursuant to a Handing Order of the House, relating to the Proceedings in the Execution of the Writ directed for the Eltftion of Knights of the Shire for the said County; viz.'

A Petition of George Ashby Esquire, and Thomas Byrd Esquire, was read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, with Sir Geofrey Palmer, and Sir Thomas Cave, stood Candidates for the County of Leicester, on Tuesday the First of February last: And that, on the said Day, and on Wednesday the Second Day, the Freeholders, who offered to poll for the Petitioners, were insulted by several Persons unknown; and feme, upon their Refusal to vote for the said Sir Geofrey Palmer and Sir Thomas Cave, for which they were offered considerable Stuns of Money, were grievously wounded and ill-treated; and, oh Wednesday Night, the Under-Sheriff was insulted by the Friends of Sir Geofrey Palmer and Sir Thomas Cave, and threatened with Death by several Persons to him unknown, unless he would appoint a Deputy to carry on the Poll in his Absence, whom they should nominate; and, for fear of his Life, he was compelled to swear one Mr. Busby, Brother-in-Law to Sir George Beaumont, a Member of the House, as Deputy; and the Poll was carried on accordingly, in the Under-Sheriff's Absence j but none were admitted to poll on the Petitioners Side: That the Petitioners had several Hundreds of Freeholders in Town, who came to vote for them; and a great many more came on Thursday the Third of February, intending to do the fame; and several more upoa the Road, for that Purpose; so that the Petitioners doubt not, but if the Freeholders who would have voted for them had been suffered to give their Votes, the Petitioners would have been duly elefiled Knights for the said County: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Preuiifes.

A Petition of Sir George Beaumont Baronet, James Stanley, William Inge, and Samuel Braccbridge, Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and several other Freeholders of the County of Leicester, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the County of Leicester, Sir Thomas Cave and Sir Jeffrey Palmer, Baronets, stood Candidates, together with George Ashby and Thomas Byrd, Esquires; and that Mr. William Barsby was Under-Sheriff, and Sir John Meers High Sheriff, of the said County; and that the Poll began on Tuesday the First of February latt; and, during the Poll, great Partiality, and illegal Practices, were used, in favour of the said Mr. Ashby and Byrd, by the said Under-Sheriff, and his Deputies, and by other Friends and Agents of the said Mr. Ashby and Byrd; and on the JFednesday following, about Eight in the Evening, the Poll was adjourned till Eight the next Morning; and, .. . appearing upon the Books a Majority of Six

G hundred

Cumbeiland

JUturu.

Address on the king’s Speech.

22

2 40 Mart it. A. 1714.

hundred for the said Sir Thomas Oft-eand Sir Jeffry Palmer, the Under-Sheriff, or Deputies, did not return to the Place of Adjournment the next Morning; till latein the Evening; where was great Numbers of Gentlemen, and others, to give their Votes for the said Sir Thom Cave and Palmer; and that the High or Under-Sheriff hath not since proceeded any further, nor made a Return o the said Sir Thomas Cave and Sir Jeff rey Palmer, notwithstanding the y had a great Majority: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Leicester.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said special Return for the County of Leicester be taken into Consideration upon Monday Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bare/by, Under-Sheriff of the County of Leicester, do attend this House upon Monday Fortnight.

The Ilonfc taking notice, by the Book of Returns, That there is no Return made for the County of Cumberland;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of land do forthwith attend this House, to give an Account why there is no Return of Members for the said County.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YOUR Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty their unfeigned Thanks, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

’Tis with inexpressible Joy that we approach Your Majesty, peaceably leated upon the Throne of Your Royal Ancestors; and, being thoroughly sensible of the many open and secret Practices that have, of late Years, been uled to defeat the Protestant Succession, we cannot sufficiently adore the Divine Providence, that so interposed, and saved this Nation, by Your happy Accession to the Crown.

Your faithful Commons receive, with the highest Gratitude, Your most gracious Assurances, that the established Confutation in Church and State shall be the Rule of Your Government; and the Safety, Ease, and Prosperity, of Your People, the chief Care of Your Lite: We are sensible of Your Goodness, expressed to those w ho have distinguished themselves by their Zeal and Firm-ness for the Protestant Succession: And as we doubt not, but the Wisdom and Steadinels of Your Government w ill unite the Hearts of all Your faithful Subjects in Duty and Affcction to Your sacred Person, lb we most humbly beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, That we not only highly resent the wicked Insinuations uled to disquiet the Minds of Your Subjects; but are resolved, to the utmost of our Power, to suppress and exlinguish that evil Disposition that is still at work to deprive Your Majesty of the Affections of Your People.

We are sensibly touched, not only with the Disappointment, but with the Reproach, brought upon the Nation, by the unfuitabl? Conclusion of a War which was carried on at lb vast an Expense, and was attended with such unparalleled Successes: But, as that Diffionour cannot, in Justice, he imputed to the whole Nation, so we firmly hope and believe, that, through Your Majesty’s great Wisdom, and the faithful Endeavours of Your Commons, the Reputation of theft; Your Kingdoms will, in due time, be vindicated and restored.

We are under Astonishment to find, that any Conditions of the late Peace, cfiential to the Security and Trade 14

seasonably

Majesty’s

of Great Britain, should not yet be duly executed; and that Care w as not taken to form such Alliances, as might have rendered that Peace not precarious: And as no Care shall be wanting in Your loyal Commons to inquire into these fatal M ifearriages, so we entirely rely on Your Majesty’s Wisdom to enter into such Alliances as You shall judge necessary to preserve the Peace of Europe: and we faithfully promise to enable Your Majesty to make good all l’uch Engagements.

It is with just Rclentment we observe, that the Pretender still relides in Lorrain; and that he has the Pre-fumption, by Declarations from thence, to ltir up Your Majesty’s Subjects to Rebellion: But that which railes the utmost Indignation of Your Commons, is, that it appears therein, that his Hopes were built upon the Measures that bad been taken for feme timepaftin Great Britain: It shall be our Business to trace out those Measures whereon he placed his Hopes, and to bring the Authors of them to condign Punishment.

Your Commons are under the deepest Concern, that a great Part of our Trade is rendered impracticable, which, if not retrieved, must destroy our Manufactures, and ruin our Navigation: But, though we are too lbnlible of those fatal Consequences, we are not yet without Hopes, that Your Majesty’s great Wisdom, by the Abidance of Your Commons, may find Means to extricate Your People from their present Difficulties.

The Blessings derived to these Nations from Your Majesty’s auspicious Reign are not confined to the present Times: We have a Prospect of future and lasting Happiness entailed upon Your People, by a long Succession of Your Royal Progeny: And as this is a Blessing which these Kingdoms have a long time wanted, lb they could never hope to have seen - it so well supplied, as in the Person of his Royal Iiighness the Prince of and his Issue: Your faithful Commons shall therefore think it their Duty to enable your Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable Provision for the Royal Family.

The surpriling Increase of the Publick Debts, even since all Thoughts of carrying on -the War were laid aside, shall not dil’courage us from granting fuel) Supplies as shall be necessary for the Service of this Year, and for the Support of Publick Faith: And we do entirely concur with Your Majesty in Opinion, That nothing can contribute more towards preserving the Credit of the Nation, than a strict Observance of all Parliamentary Engagements; which we are firmly resolved, upon all Occasions, inviolably to maintain.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Address be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } >38.

Tellers for the Noes, j ^A/h"' j

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed to the reading the Petitions, which have been left with the Clerk of this House, relating to controverted Efe£tions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Election

Petitions

i Geo. I.

25° — zC' M

23

Veneris, 2 5° die Martii,

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

Members take Oaths.

King ftp-points to be attended.

Carnarvon

Will.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

v

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House did, Yesterday, attend his Majesty. and presented their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Anivver:

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and repeated the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes. Gentlemen,

I thank you for the many kind A durances you have Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That his Ma- given me in your dutiful and loyal Address. jesty having been waited upon, humbly to know when he No Endeavours shall be wanting on my Part to pro-would please to be attended by this House, his Majesty mote your true Interest, and to endear myself to all my hath been pleased to appoint this Day at Two of the People; and I will depend on your Zeal and Affection to

Answpr to Adikefs.

Portsmouth

Writ.

Clock, at his Palace of Saint James's.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eltCling a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Carnarvon, in the room of

William Grijjith Esquire, deceased.

Sir Charles Wager having been elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ports- Majesty by such Members of this lloui'e as are of Lis mouth, in the County of Southampton; and he having,. Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council, since such his Ekction, accepted the Office of Comp

defeat all evil Designs that may tend to dilquiet the Minds of my People, and disturb the Tranquillity of my Government.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prelfcnted to his Majesty, to return the most humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his said most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

Address of ’1 tmuks.

troller of his Majesty s Navy;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doilfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth, in the room of the said

Sir Charles

Supply.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament;

The same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the reading the Petitions, left with the Clerk, relating to controverted Elections; viz.

A Petition of Simon Ilarcourand Philip Herbert Esquires, was read; setting forth, That at the Ekction for the Borough of Aylesbury, in Com' Bucks, the Petitioners, with Mr. Serjeant Meade, and John Deacle Esquire, stood Candidates: That the Petitioners were legally chosen; but the said Mr. Serjeant Meade, and John by the Partiality of Robert Todd and Wi Ray, pretended Constables, they, by admitting many to poll who

Avlrflitwy

Llccuon.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted had no Right, and by the illegal Practices of the said to his Majesty; Mr. Serjeant Mead and John Deacle, have procured

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning themselves to be returned; to the Prejudice of the Peti-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tioners: And praying to be relieved in the Premises. to consider of that Motion. , Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That his Majesty's Speech be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

laid Committee.

Debts line Ordered, That the Resolution of the House, of the tu the Crown. Twenty-third of April One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; viz. That this lioule will not receive any Peti-

tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to tho House.

A Petition of Samuel Shepheardjunior, and John Jenyns Cambridge

1 r 1 ° 1 Election*

tion for compounding any Sum of Money owing to the junior, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Crown, upon any Branch of the Revenue, without a Cer- Return for the Town of Cambridge, was read; setting

Money

coined.

forth, That at the Election for the Town of Cambridge, Sir John Iiynde Cotton Baronet, and Thomas Sc/ater Esquire, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates: That Charles Chambers, Mayor of the said Town, with others, took upon themselves to make several Persons free, contrary to, and in Violation of, the ancient Constitution of the said Town: And that the said Sir John Hynde Cotton, and Thomas Sclater, and their Agents, are guilty of Bribery, and other Practices; by which Proceedings they were returned, although the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections s And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of George Evans and Charles Allan/bn Esquires, was read: setting forth, That at the EleCiion what Gold and Silver has been coined, at his Majesty’s for the Borough of Westbury, in Com' the Peti-

Mint in the Tower of London, from Lady-day One thou- tioners, with Willoughby Bertie and Francis sand Seven hundred and Thirteen, to Lady-day One thou- Esquires, stood Candidates: That the said Willoughby fond Seven hundred and Fifteen; and also an Account of Bertie and Francis Annesley, and Agents, uled illegal what Gold and Silver remained in the Tou'er, in order for PraCbices to procure Electors for them; notwithstanding Coinage, at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and which Practices, the Petitioners had the legal Majority; Fifteen; and also an Account of the several Denominations but William Bourn officiated as Mayor, but was not Mayor and-'pecies in which the said Gold and Silver were thereof, nor was there any; but the Constable, the chief brought into the Tower% Officer thereof, and the said Bourn, polled several Per-

Vol. 18. fens

tificate from the proper Officer, or Officers, annexed to the said Petition, ltattng the Debt, what Prosecutions have been made for the Recovery of such Debt; and setting forth how much the Petitioner, and his Security, are able to satisfy thereof; be renewed: And that the same be declared to be a standing Order of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26° Martii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

3D E SOLVED, That an humble Address be presented *’ to his Majesty, That he will be pleased lo direct the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of

Well bury Election.

0,6° Martiu

Westbury

Election.

Malden

Election.

St. Albans Election.

A. 1715.

fons for the said Mr. Bertie and , who had no

Right; and rejected others, for the Petitioners, who had a Right of polling; and returned the said Mr. Bertie and Anne/ley, though the Petitioners were returned by the Constable; which Proceeding is to the apparent Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying to have a Time appointed to make out their Allegations; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Willoughby Bertie and Francis Anne/ley Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners stood Candidates for the Borough of , in Com;

and, by a legal Majority, were elected and declared by Mr. Bourne, the uncontroverted Mayor of the said Borough, to w hom the Precept was directed; and annexed to it an Indenture, whereby the Petitioners were returned; but, notwithstanding that Return, George Evans and Charles Allanfon Esquires, the other Candidates, did pro-

cure the Constables of the said Borough, and others, Voters, to sign an Indenture in favour of the said Mr. Evans and Allanfon, and prevailed with the Sheriff to annex the said latter Indenture to the Writ, though the Constable never claimed to be the returning Officer: And that the said Mr. Evans and Allanfon were absolute Strangers till near the time of the Election; but, by themselves, and Agents, ..... illegal Prafitices in procuring Votes to be elected for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

eration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Returns for the County of Wilts.

A Petition of Sir TVUliam Jolliffe, Knight, and Samuel Tufnel Esquire, was read; letting forth, That at the last Election of Members for the Borough of Malden, in Coni Essex, the Petitioners, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, and Thomas Bramstone Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly cleCled by a Majority of legal Votes: That the Bailiffs of the said Borough admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Serjeant Comyns and Mr. -ston who had no Right; and refused to poll several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners; and divers other irregular Practices were used, in order to procure the said Mr. Serjeant Comyns and Mr. Bramston to be elected and returned: And the said Mr. Serjeant Comyns refused to take the Oath, directed by an Act of the Ninth of the late Queen, for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and the said Bailiffs have returned the said Mr Serjeant Comyns and Mr. though not qualified; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Jofma Lomax Esquire, was read; letting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Saint Albans, in Coni Hertford, the Petitioner, and William Hale and William Grimstone Esquires, ltood Candidates: That, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices of the said Mr. Grimstone, and Agents, several Persons were prevailed upon to poll for the said Mr. I10 would

have voted for the Petitioner; by which means the said Mr. Grimstone was elected, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of the said Mr. Grimstone, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Minjhul Esquire, was read; letting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Brambtr, in Coni Suffix, Sir Thomas Styles, Sir Charles Keymes, Baronets, Sir Richard Gough, Knight, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That John Jupp, Constable of the said Borough, was very partial on behalf of the said Sir Thomas Styles, and admitted several Persons to poll for him who had no Right; and refused others for the Petitioner who had a Right of polling: And the said Sir Thomas Styles, and Agents, were guilty of illegal Practices, in procuring the said Sir Thomas to be returned; who was returned accordingly; notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Arthur Ingram Esquire, was read; fctling forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of Horsham, in Coni Suffix, the Petitioner, Arthur Ingram, Esquire, Sir Harry Baronet, and

Charles Eversfeild, Esquire, stood Candidates: That

Richard Vincent and John Bridger, Bailiffs of the said Borough, was very partial, in polling Persons who had no Right to vote for the Sitting-Members; and refused others who had a Right to vote for the Petitioner: And the said Mr. Eversfeild, and one Air. Michell, Sir Harry Goreing, and Bailiffs, with one Mr. John Luifeild an Attorney, Agent for the Sitting-Members, were all guilty of other illegal Practices, in obtaining Votes for the Sitting-Members, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner; but, notwithstanding these Practices, the Petitioner had an equal Number of Votes with Sir Harry Goreing, and therefore had an equal Right to be returned; but, if the Bailiffs had polled all the undoubted Votes for the Petitioner, be had had a Majority of both the Sitting-Members, and ought to have been returned with Ingram Esquire:

And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Arthur Ingram, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of Hors-ham, in Com Suffix, the Petitioner Arthur Ingram Esquire, Sir Harry. Goreing Boronet, and Charles Everffeild Esquire, stood Candidates: That Richard Vincent and John Bridger, Bailiffs of the said Borough, were very partial in polling Persons w’ho had no Right to vote for the Sitting-Members; and refused others who had a Right to vote for the Petitioner: And the said Mr. Eversfeild, and one Mr. Michell, Sir Harry Goreing, and Bailitis, with one Mr. John Linfeild an Attorney, Agent for the Sitting-Members, were all guilty of other illegal PraCHces, in obtaining Votes for the Sitting-Members, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner; but, notwithstanding; these Practices, the Petitioner had a legal Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Jones and Charles Tooher E fq ui res, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Old Sarum in Coni Wilts, the Twenty-eighth Day of Januaryl&it, the Petitioners, the elder,

Esquire,

Bramber

Election.

Horsham

Elettiou.

Ditto*

Old Samra

Election.

i Geo. L cl6° Martii.25

Esquire, and Robert Pitt Esquire, flood Candidates: And by the illegal Practices of the said Pitt

and Robert Pitt-, and Robert Paine Under-Sheriff of the said County took upon’himself Bailiff of the said Borough, and admitting several P« rfons to vote for the said Thomas Pitt and Robert Pitt who had no Bight; and refusing others who had a Right to vote for the Petitioners; but the said Thomas Pitt and Robert Pitt were returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do. examine the Matter thereol; and re* port the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

OldSarum A Petition of Francis Swanton, Thomas Lambert, Election. Esquires, and Nicholas Elliot Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have a Right to vote in all Elections for the Borough of Old Sarum, in Com' Wilts: And at the said Election, on the Twenty-eighth of January last, Robert Paine Gentleman, Under-Sheriff of the said County, taking upon himself Bailiff of the said Borough, in Partiality to Thomas Pitt and Robert Pitt, Esquires, together with Richard Jones and Charles Tooker Eftjuires, were Candidates; who refused to admit the Votes of the Petitioners for the said Richard Jones and Charles Tooker, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be admitted to prove their Votes for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Caine ' A Petition of Walter Hungerford and Samuel Election. Esquires, was read; letting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Caine, in Coni Wilts, Sir Orlando < Bridgman Baronet, Richard Chiswell Merchant, flood Candidates, and the Petitioners; where Humphry fend and David Jefferys. ... Stewards; but, notwithstanding the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, yet Sir Orlando Bridgman and Richard ,with

Humphry Toxcnfendjunior, John Hajkins, William IVegks,

and Walter Forman, by their illegal Practices, prevailed

with the said Stewards to return the said----- Orlando

Bridgman and Richard Chiswell, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieve'd.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

the said Mr. Stanyon who had no Rightto vote; and hath returned the said Mr. Stanyon, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a greater Majority: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the- said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Elfon Esquire, was read; setting Chicheftet forth, That the Petitioner flood as One of the Candidates EkAion-for the City of Chichester, against Sir Richard Farrington Baronet; but Sir Richard, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, obtained Votes for himself, contrary to the Petitioners Right, who otherwise had been dulyelcCted:

And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Brudenel Esquire, was read; set- Ditto, ting forth, That at the Election for the City of the Petitioner flood Candidate with Thomas Miller Esquire, another Candidate for the said City; but, by the Mayor’s illegal Practices, in refusing to admit legal Votes for the Petitioner; and likewise Mr. Miller % bribing others to vote for him, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner: By which practices the said Mr. Miller is returned; but, notwithstanding these Practices, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Chamberlain Esquire was read; New Shore* letting forth, That, at the last Election for the Borough hamE e&.on. of New Shorham, in Coni Sussex, the Petitioner, Sir Gregory Page Baronet, and Nathaniel Gould Esquire, flood Candidates; but, by several illegal Practices, the said Sir Gregory Page hath procured himself to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of Henry James and John Clarke, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, with others, have a Right to Vote for Members for the Borough of Caine, in Com' Wilts: And that, at the last Election, amongst others, flood Candidates, Walter Hungerford and Samuel Robinson Esquires, for whom the Petitioners intended to vote; but the Stewards, who are the Returning Officers there, refused them; whereby the said Mr. Hungerford and Robinson are greatly injured; and that Sir Orlando Bridgman and Richard Chiswell are unduly returned: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Buckingham A Petition of Thomas Chapman Esquire, was read;

Election, setting forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of Buckingham, Alexander Denton, Abraham Stanyon Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Bailiff of the said Borough refused several good and legal Votes for the Petitonqr; and admitted several others for Vol. 18.

A Petition of Frederick Tylney Esquire, was read; set- Whitchurch ting forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of EteAion. Whitchurch, in Com’ Southampton, Thomas Vernon,

George Carpenter, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes of the said Mr. Carpenter, and ought to have been returned; but Lawrence Turton, Mayor of the said Borough, was very partial, in drawing up a Poll of what Persons he thought fit should vote for the said Mr. Carpenter; and he admitted several of them to vote for the said Mr. Carpenter who had no Right j and refused others who had a legal Right to vote, and offered to Poll for the Petitioner; and the said Mayor hath returned the said Mr. Carpenter, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner:

And praying to be relieved therein.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yees, } 109-

Teller, for the Noes, j*

So it passed in the Negative.

H Ordered,

26

26° Martii. A. 17x5.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Censideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

*New Wiodfor A Petition of Sir Henry AshurJt Baronet, and Samuel Etedion. Travers Esquire, was read; setting forth. That at the Electionof Members for the Borough of New in Com'Berks, the Petitioners, and Wren and

Robert Gayer Esquires, stood Candidates: That, at the said Election, the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes; but, by the illegal Practices of the said Mr. Wren and Mr. Gayer, and Agents, and by the Partiality of Mr. William Davis the Mayor, who admitted Persons to vote for the said Mr. Wren and Mr. Gayer who had no Right; and refuted others who had a Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioners; but the said Mr. Wren and Mr. Gayer " procured themselves to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ejections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Wallingford A Petition of Richard Bigg Esquire, was read; setting Election, forth, That at the last Election for in Com'

Berks, the Petitioner, Edmund Dunch, Thomas Renda, and William Hucks Esquires, stood Candidates: That the said William Hucks, with Christopher Crooke, junior, John Smith, James Rennet, Richard Payne, and others, his Agents, did, by Bribery, Promises, 8$c. procure a great Number of Votes for the said Mr who would have

voted for the Petitioner and Mr. Renda; and, by that _ means, the said Mr. Hucks is returned, though the Petitioner had the legal Majority; and that the said Mr. Hucks is not qualified to fit: And praying, That the said Mr. Hucks may mike out his Qualification; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and 'Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

/ldborgh A Petition of John Mol and John Holt Esquires Hedion. was read; setting forth, That the Election came on the Firstof February last, for the Borough of in

Com Suffolk, where the Petitioners polled Thirty-five; by which they have a Majority of Freemen. ... by the Intent of their Charter, have a Right to vote; yet the Bailiffs permitted a Number of People, called honorary Freemen, and Out-fetters, to poll for Sir Henry Johnson Knight, and William Johnson Esquire; by which Proceedings, with Threats, Bribery, q'C. and by detaining Freemen Nine Days in the said Sir Henry Johnfbn's House, have procured themselves to be returned for the said Borough, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioners, and destructive to the known Rights of the Corporation: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of great Numbers of the capital Burgesses. and other Freemen, Inhabitants within the Borough of Aldeburgh, in the County of Suffolk, was read; setting forth, That, upon the Firit of February last, the Election came on, where John Molesworth and John Holt Esquires, had a clear Majority of the Freemen Inhabitants; whereupon the Petitioners demanded a Return of the said Mr. Molesworth and Mr. Holt; but the Bailiffs permitted fevered Persons under the Title of honorary Freemen, or Out-fetters, to vote; and hath returned Sir Henry -Jon Knight, and William Esquire, pretending the y

had the Majority: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of George Wilcocks Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of Hrndon, in Coni Wilts, Major-General Wade, Reynold CaUhorpe Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; That James Feild, Bailiff of the said Borough, was very partial on behalf of the said Major-General Wade and Mr. Catthorpe, in refuting several Persons to poll for the Petitioner, who had a Right; and admitting others to poll for the said Major-General W and Mr. Calthorpe, who had no Right: Besides, several other illegal Practices were used, in procuring the said Major-General Wade and Mr. Calthorpe to be elected for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Popham Esquire was read; letting forth, That, at the last Election for the City of JVtn-chester, in Com' Southampton, the Petitioner, together with the Right honourable the Lord William and George

Bridges Esquire, stood Candidates; That the said Lord William Porwlet, and his Agents, together with the Mayor of the said City, did, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procure divers of the Burgesses and Freemen to vote for the said Lord William , who, otherwise,

would have voted for the Petitioner: That, notwithstanding, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and demanded the fame, but was refilled by the said Mayor: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Benand Henry Andrews Esquires, was read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, together with Edward Nicholas Esquire, and Samuel Gentleman, stood as Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Shaston, alias Shajtesbury, in Coni Dorset; That the Petitioners had a Majority of the legal Voters that did and offered to vote for them; and they ought to have been returned for the said Borough; but the said Edward Nicholas and Samuel Rush, and their Agents, prevailed on many of the Voters to vote for them; and likewise influenced the Mayor of the said Borough to admit many to vote, who had no Right; and to reject others, who had a just Right to vote for Use Petitioners: That the said Mayor, in pursuance of his unwarrantable Proceedings hath returned the said Edward Nicholas and Samua Rush, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying relief in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided,

The Yeas go forth.

Tellere for the Yeas, {xtr. J

Tellers for the Noes, f J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twenty-sixth Day of April next.

A Petition

Hindoa

Ele&ioa.

Wincheter

Shaftetmy

Ele&iun*

i Geo. I. 46° — 28° Martii.

Chippenham A Petition of John Boynton and John Norris Esquires, Klectwu. was read setting forth, That the Petitioners, with John Eyles and Giles Earle Esquires, (tood Candidates for the Borough of Chippenham, in Com' Wilts, where the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes: But the said Mr. Eyles and Mr. Earle, by'illegal and unwarrantable Practices of the Bailiff of the said Borough, procured themselves to be returned; whereby the Petitioners are deprived of serving as Members for the said Borough, and in Justice ought to have been returned: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

SaTtath A Petition of Trevor Hill and Martin Bladen Esquires, Election, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, William Shippen and Shilfton Calmady Esquires, flood Candidates for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough; but, by the Irregularities and Partialities of the Mayor and Recorder of the said Borough, in ioliciting Votes for Mr. Shippen and Mr. Calmady, procured them to be returned for the said Borough: in wrong to the Petitioners, and in prejudice to the said Borough: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Hertford A Petition of Sir Thomas Clarke Knight, and John Election. Boteler Esquire, was read; letting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, the Petitioners flood Candidates against Charles Ceefar and Richard Gu/ston Esquires, Sitting Members: That Joseph Calton, Mayor of the said Borough, arbitrarily polled many Persons for the Sitting-Members that had no Right, and refilled others who had a Right for the Petitioners; and so declared the Election for the Sitting Members, and returned them accordingly; notwithstanding the Petitioners were duly elected by a legal Majority,-and ought to have been returned: Ana praying Relief in the Premises.

Ditto. A Petition of James G, Samuel Randall, Philip Rielly, William Barfoot, Andrew Smart, Harrison Green, and Harmer Offley, Freemen and Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, was read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members for the said Borough Sir Thomas Clarke Knight, and John Boteler Esquire, flood Candidates, against Charles Color and Richard Gulfton Esquires, Sitting Members: That Joseph Calton, Mayor of the said Borough, illegally polled a great number of Persons for the fitting Members who had no Right, and rejected many others who had a Right, and offered to poll for the said Sir Thomas Clark and Mr. Boteler: But the said Sir Thomas Clark and Mr. Boteler were duly elected; notwithstanding which, the said Mayor, in Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, returned the said Mr. Co far and Mr. Gul-fione, although they were not duly elected: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put; -That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £Sir Charles Turner,\

1 ellers toi the Y eas, £Mr; J 191 ‘

Teller, for, he Noe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Twenty-eighth Day of April next Vol. 18.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, N be of the Clock.

Lun*, 28° d Martii 5

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Paayxrj.

ABIL L for the more effectugl preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crazes, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Morgan, Lord' Ja. Cavendish, Mr. Jrade, Mr. , Mr. Stanhope, Lord Wm. Powlet, Lord Downs, Mr. Nevill, Lord Scudamore, Mr. Ward, Sir Wm. Ashburn ham; and all that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, was presented to the House and read; letting forth, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, dated the Twentieth of September, in the Thirty-second Year of his Reign, granted to the Petitioners, and their Survivors, the Office of Remembrancer of the Exchequer in Ireland, alter the Deaths of Richard Aldworth and Thomas Maule Esquires, and their Survivors, to hold the same during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and the said Richard Aldworth and Thomas Maule are both dead, whereby the Petitioners are entitled to the said Office; and that the Petitioners urgent Business doth require them in England; so they cannot gb into Ireland to take the Oaths of Office, and qualify them for the same: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England to administer to the Petitioners the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their said Office.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and Mr. Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Saturdaylaft, returning the most humble Thanks

of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Address, bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty received the same very graciously.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last, relating to the Coinage of Gold and Silver, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had given Directions accordingly.

The House being informed. That John Richmond Webb Esquire desires the Opinion of this House, in relation to his taking his Place in the House, in respect of his being constituted Governor of the Isle of Wight by Letters Patents, which passed the Great Seal since his Election; but issued pursuant to a Warrant granted before the Election;

Ordered, That the said Warrant and Letters Patents, be laid before this House.

The Clerk of the Crown, according to Order, attended, with the Returns for the County of Wilts.

The Sheriff’s Precept, directed to the Mayor of the Borough of Wefibury, in the said County; the Receipt given by the said Mayor for the fame; and the Return of Willoughby Bertie and Francis Annesley Esquires, by Indenture under the Common Seal of the said Borough, signed by the Mayor; and also the Return of George Evans and Charles Allarfon Esquires, by Indenture under the Hands and Seals of John Turner, Constable of the

laid

Stealing

Cattle.

Temple's, aualifying for Office.

Answer t» Address.

Ditto*

Vacation of Seat by accepting Office.

Westbury

Sleaioa.

a8 28° Martii.

laid Borough, and several other Burgesses; were severally read.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the said Indenture, by which Mr. Evans and Mr. Allanfon are returned.

And he took off the said Indenture accordingly.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. Evans and Mr. A I-hanson, complaining of an undue Election and return for the said Borough of fVteft bury, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an InstruCHon to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Saturday the Thirtieth Day of April next.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Friday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please, tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The House proceeded, to tile further Reading of Petitions left with the Clerk, relating to controverted Elections; viz.

Derby A Petition of Nathanael Ctirfon, and Edward Eie&ion. Esquires, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners being Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Derby, by virtue of a Precept, to the Mayor directed, to choose Burgesses for the said Borough; and the Lord James Cavendish, and William Stanhope Esquire, being the other Two Candidates; that they the said Lord James Cavendish and Mr. Stanh, contriving together, with Thomas Fi/her Mayor, and others, did illegally and arbitrarily make, orcauletobe made, and sworn, great Numbers of the Tenants of the said Lord James,

and Mr. Stanhope, and other Strangers, living remote, and at a great Distance, from the said Borough, on purpose to obtain a Majority of Votes at the said Elc&ion for the said Lord James Cavand Mr. Stanhope: The said Mayor did also refuse to admit the Polls of several others, Burgesses by Birth, and by Service, who offered to vote for the Petitioners; pretending the y were not sworn, although they had before tendered themselves at one or more Common Halls, and had been unjustly denied the Burgess-Oath: And though the Petitioners had a greater Majority of rightful Votes, and demanded to be returned; yet the said Mayorrefufed; and returned the said Lord James Cavendish and Mr. Stanhope, who had no Right; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Leominster A Petition of Henry Gorges Esquire was read; letting Election, forth, That the Petitioner, together with the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, and Edward Harley Esquire, Hood Candidates for the Borough of Leominster, in Com'Hereford, at the last Election of Members for the feud Borough; and the Agents for the said Edward Harley did, by themselves, Servants, and others, make Interest for the said Mr. Harley; and did contrary to the Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William, the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Election of Members; and thereby did influence great Numbers of the Electors of the said Borough, and obtained the major Part of the feud Electors to vote for the said Mr. Harley, by which means, the

*7

Bailiff of the said Borough hath returned the said Mr. Harley as Burgess for the said Borough; in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster, in Corn Hereford, was read; setting forth,' That the Right honourable the Lord Lord

Lieutenant of the said County of has endea-

voured, by himself and Agents, by Bribes, Threats, and other illegal Practices, not only to procure himself to be elected a Member; hut also to procure Henry Gorges Esquire, Brother-in-law to the said Lord, to be elected Member for the said Borough, at the last Election: And praying, That the Merits of the said Electiod for the said Borough may be heard.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re|>ort the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the oppressed Inhabitants of tire said ancient Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That by the arbitrary Proceedings of Caleb Pov;ell Esquire, Bailiff of the said Borough, and Receiver-General for the Publick Taxes for the Shires of Brecon, &c. James Cajwal Esquire, Receiver-General for the Counties

of Monmouth, &c. and Samuel Clark Esquire, Receiver-General of the County of Hereford; that the said Three Publick Officers have had the Command of Publick Money; they have, in combination with Mr. Thomas Town-Clerk, in order to force the Petitioners to elect Edward Harley Esquire; and, by the illegal Proceedings of the said Three Receivers-Genetal, Servants and Agents, have, by their lending either lb much of the Publick Money, or the said Mr. Harleys Money, as has got an Influence upon a great many Voters; and, by their Threats, and forcing the Voters to pay what they are not able, and to make them vote contrary to their Inclinations, and by other Threats, and Locking up of Voters the Night before the Election, on the behalf of the said Mr. Harley; by the said Receivers, &;c. treating them with Liquor, that, when they voted, they did not understand who they voted for; and that, as soon as, when One of the Voters was led home, being in Drink, he was laid down upon his Bed, in his Clothes, and declared, he was prevailed to vote against his Conscience, and lb died: And that the Bailiff* admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Harley who had no Right; and refused to allow others to vote for Mr. Gorges who had a Right; and lp declared the said Mr. Harley, with the Lord Coningsby, to be duly elcCled; And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Cotej Esquire was. read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in Com' Lincoln, the Petitioner Arthur Moore, Robert Chaplain, Esquires, and Jo-feph Bard:es, stood Candidates: That before, and at, the said Election, the said Mr. Chaplain and Mr. Bankes, by themselves and Agents, were guilty of notorious Bribery, and other illegal Practices, in order to procure them to be returned for the said Borough; and are returned accordingly; notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of Votes duly qualified; and therefore ought to have been returned a Burgess for the said Borough And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Leominster

Election,

Ditto.

Great

Griniiby

Election*

NewtaftU-

under-Lynt

Ele&aft*

Haftomere

Election.

Ditto.

i Geo. I. a8° — 290 Martii. 29

A Petition of Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, and Crew Offley Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in Com’ Stafford, the Petitioners, Henry Vernon, and

Rowland Cotton, Esquires, stood Candidates; and several Persons who were born Burgesses, and others who had served Apprenticeships within the said Bo"»ugh, and who had a Right to be admitted and sworn Burgesses, did, before the Teste of the Writ of Summons, apply themselves to John Fenton Mayor, and demanded to be admitted and sworn Burgesses; but were refilled; and several others who had no Right, were made Burgesses, and voted for the said Mr. Vernon and Mr. Cotton; and that by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, the said Mr. Vernon and Mr, Cotton procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; although the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j £ } '53-

Tellers for the Noes, j} 148.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard upon Tuef-day the Third Day of May next.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the matter of the said Petition be heard upon Tuesday the Tenth Day of May next.

'Die House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} .3«-

Tellers for the Noes, J£; f

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and Feport the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Harvey Esquire, was read; set- Clitherow ting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses for the Election. Borough of Clitherow, in the County Palatine of where Thomas Lister, Thomas Parker, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; that the said Mr. Parker, and Agents, were guilty of several illegal Practices, in order to procure the said Mr. Parker to be elefited: That several Persons were admitted to vote for the said Mr.

Parker who had no Right; and several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and had a Right, were rejected: That the Petitioner was declared to be duly chosen, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly; yet a double Return is made as to the Petitioner and the said Mr. Parker; and that the said Mr.

Parker had an equal Number of Votes with the Petitioner; to the great Wrong and Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Walter and George Vernon Esquires, was read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Members for the Borough of Haslemere, in ’ Surry, the Petitioners, Sir Mountague Blundell and Sir Nicholas Carew, Baronets, were Candidates: That the Petitioners had a great Majority; and, upon the Scrutiny (the Persons appointed on behalf of the Petitioners did not agree in disqualifying any of them) the Bailiff did, by illegal Practices, take upon himself to reject many of the Petitioners Voters, though duly qualified; and allowed the Votes of several Persons for the other Candidates, though not qualified to vote; and, at last, declared Sir Mountague Blundell and Sir Nicholas Care to be duly elected; and made his Return accordingly; though the Petitioners were duly chosen by a greater Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief.

A Petition of several Freeholders, resident within the Borough of Haslemere, in Com Surrey, who have a Right to vote in the Election of Members for the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election, George Vernon and John Walter Esquires, Sir Mountague Blundell and Sir Nicholas Carew Baronets, stood Candidates; and there was a great Majority of legal Votes for the said Mr. Vernon and Mr. Walter: But Mr. Carter, the Bailiff, took upon himself, not only to disallow the Votes of several of the Petitioners for the said Mr. Vernon and Mr. Walter, notwithstanding the y had voted at former Elections, and particularly for the said Sir Nicholas Carew and Thomas Onslow Esquire, who both served for the said Borough; but allowed several persons who polled for the said Sir Mountague Blundell and Sir Nicholas Carew to be good Votes, although they were not resident within the said Borough, or were otherwise disqualified to vote at such Election; and in prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, and other Freeholders within the said Borough: And the said Bailiff declared the said Sir Mountague Blundell and Sir Nicholas Carew to be duly elected; and

made a Return accordingly; although the Petitioners believe the said Sir Mountague Blundell is not duly qualified: And praying Relief.

'A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House;

Vol. 18.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is y2 90 die Martii;

Anno to Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded in reading the Petitions, left with the Clerk, relating to controverted Elections;

viz.

A Petition of ABon Baldwyn Esquire, was read; setting Ludlow forth, That the Petitioner, together with Francis Herbert Election. and Humphrey Walcott Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Ludlow in ’ Salop:

The Petitioner was duly chosen by a Majority of unbribed Voters, and others, duly qualified to vote at the said Election; and therefore the Petitioner ought to have been returned to represent the said Borough: But, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices of the said Mr. Her-bert and Mr. Walcott, and Agents, the said Mr. Herbert

and Mr. Walcott are returned for the said Borough; in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Birch, Serjeant at Law, was read; w bley setting forth, That Charles Cornwall Esquire, Paul Foley Election. Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates for the Borough of Weobley, in Coni Hereford: That the said Mr.

Foley, and Agents, was guilty of Bribery, by offering Five Guineasa-piece to every Burgess that would vote for him; all which said Burgesses did accordingly vote for the said Mr. Foley: That, by means of the said illegal Practices, the said Mr. Foley has procured himself to be returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned: And the Petitioner believes, that the said Mr. Foley was not qualified to be elected: And praying Relief therein: And also,

I A Petition

30 290 MartA. 1715.

Wcobley A Petition of Simon ,of the Borough of JVeo-Election. tw Com' Hereford, Butcher, and John of the fame Borough, Yeoman, on behalf of-themselves, and others the Electors, Burgesses of the said Borough of Weobley, was read; setting forth. That at the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough, John Birch, Paul Foley, and Charles Cornwall, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the said Charles Cornwall, and Agents, did, by corrupt and other illegal P radices, procure himself several Votes, to the Number of Sixty and upwards; by which laid illegal Proceedings, the said Charles Cornwall gained a Majority of Votes upon the Poll: And praying Relief.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ Mr^Gibbon J -5-

Tellers TortlieNoes, £ } 8<-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twenty-fourth Day of May next.

Ordered, That an Account of the Extraordinaries for Army Guards, Garrisons, and Land-Forces, for the Year One E thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and also, of the growing Charges for the Guards, Garrisons, and Land-Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office Ordnance of Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year One thou- Estimate, sand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of the Navy, to Navy Debt. Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of all the Ships in Sea- Ship* in See Pay, which have been employed, with the several Com- Pay* plements, or Number of Men, borne or mustered in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Half pay

Officers, that are to be in Half-Pay for the Year One Officer*.

thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the several Officers in Half-Pay, for the last Year, that have been provided for, or are since dead, be laid before this House.

KaarMboroogh A Petition of Henry Slingsby and Cyril Arthington

Election. Esquires, John Clark, Richard Andreics, John Clark, Joiner, and Leonard Picin behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Knaresborough, in Coin York, was read; setting forth. That at the Election of Members for the said Borough, the Petitioners, together with Henry Coot and Robert Hitch Esquires, stood Candidates: The Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes j but John Flesher, pretending to be the Bailiff, and having taken upon himself the Execution of the Precept for the said Election, has returned the said Mr. Coot and Mr. Hitch as duly chosen, who has no Right, and refused the Petitioners, who had a Right, and ought to be returned: And the said Flesher, to serve the said Mr. Coot and Mr. Hitch, feme time before the said Election, took upon him, without Authority, to impanel a Jury of T hirty Burgesses, the greatest Number he knew to be in the Interest of the said Mr. Coot and Mr. Hitch; all which Proceedings of the said Flcshcr highly tend to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply. Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion, made on Friday last, for a Supply to be ranted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had irented him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place: And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where it was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contract'uente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Deficiency Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of Grants. of the Deficiency of the Money granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Navy Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimate*. Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, with the Half-Pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, and what may be farther necessary for extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet in the said Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be laid before this House. t.5

Ordered, That an Account of the Capital, and Annual South s* Fund of the South-Sea Company, for the Year One Company, thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of what Ships have been dif- Ships paid charged since the Cessation of Arms, by what Orders, the Date of such Orders, and at what Times such Ships were paid off, be lard before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said several States, Accounts, and Estimates.'

Ordered, That tire laid Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Warrant and Patent, constituting John Richmond Mr. \v*bb’» TVebb Esquire, Governor of the Isle of Wight, being laid Warrant of before the House; Appoint-

The fame, and also several Sections of the Act, of the Iae"t* Sixth Year of Queen Anne, Chap 7, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty-s Person and Government, and of the Succession to die Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, were read:

After which, the said Mr. Webb came and took his Place in the House.

A Petition of James Sheppard Esquire, was read; set- noniton ting forth, That the Petitioner, with Sir Drake, Election.

Sir William Courtnay, Baronets, and William Younge Esquire, stood Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Honiton, in Com' Devon: That the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Voters j and that he, with Sir William Drake, ought to have been returned: but George Blagdon Gentleman, to whom the Precept was directed, and who executed the same as Portreeve; but he, by illegal Practices, hath taken upon him to return the said Sir William Courtnay and Mr. Younge; in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Honiton

Election.

Taunton

Election.

Ditto.

Temple's

qualifying for Office.

i Geo. I. 290 — 30° Martii.

A Petition of Sir William Drake Knight and Baronet, was read; setting forth. That Sir William Court nay Ba-nonet, the Petitioner, William Younge, and James Sheppard, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Honiton, in Com Devon: That the Petitioner, together with the said James Sheppard, Esquire, had like wife a Majority, and ought to have been returned; but George Blagdon, Gentleman, Portreeve, did, by illegal Practices, take upon him to return the said Sir William Courtnay and Mr. Younge; in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec-dons: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

A Petition of William Pyn/cnt and James Smith Esquires, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election for the Borough of Taunton, in Coni Somerset, the Petitioners, Sir Francis Warre, and Henry Portman Esquire, flood Candidates: The Petitioners had a Majority of Votes, duly qualified, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but Thomas Hayward, Mayor, took upon himself to return the said Sir Francis Warre and Mr. Portman, who had no Right, and returned them accordingly; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved: And also,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Taunton, in Com’ Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants in the same Borough, was read; letting forth, That Sir FrancisWarre Baronet, Henry Portman, William Pynfent, and James Smith, Esquires, flood Candidates: That Thomas Hayward Mayor, did, in an arbitrary Manner, admit several Persons to poll for the said Sir Francis Warre and Mr. Portman, who were unqua-

lified, as Almsmen, S?c.; by which Means he refused the Votes of several qualified Persons, who offered to poll for Mr. Pynfent and Mr. Smith; and that the said Mayor did refuse to grant a Scrutiny on the Poll, though it was demanded by Mr. Pynfent and Mr. Smith, and by several of the Petitioners: That the said Sir Francis Warre and Mr. Portman are returned by the said Mayor, although Mr. Pynfent and Mr. Smith were duly elected by a great Majority of qualified Votes; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

And the Question being put. That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, with their opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for f Mr. Edgcomb, 7

the Yeas, [Mr. Yonge: }

Tellers fori Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, 7 , the Noes, \Mr. Drew: 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Twenty-sixth Day of May next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercuriiy 30° die Martii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England to administer to Hairy Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of Vo l. 18.

the Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And the same was received; and rend the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded in the Reading of Petitions, left with the Clerk, touching controverted Elections; viz.

A Petition of Sir William JLowther Baronet, and Hugh PontefraA Bet hell, Esquire, and Christopher Hey ford, Thomas Gilpin, Election.

Timothy Kiplin, George Jennings, Benjamin Radcliffe,

David Medley, Robert Wood, John Poplar ell, John Kiplin,

John Hutchinson, JoJhuaCooper, and John Burgesses

of the Borough of Pontefract, in Com' York, on behalf of themselves, and othec? the Burgesses of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That at the Klection of Members for the said Borough, . William Lout her and High Bethell, and the honourable John mey and Robert Frank Esquires, stood Candidates: The said Mr. Lowther and Mr. Bethell had the Majority of legal Votes; yet Robert Lowther Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough,

has returned the said Mr. Downey and Mr. Frank; and the Mayor did reject a great many legal Votes, who offered to poll for the said Mr. Low ther and Mr. Bethell; and likewise refused several Quakers, who offered to give their Affirmation; and the said Mayor admitted several illegal Votes to poll for the said Mr. Downey and Mr.

Frank; and that the said Mr. Frank, being Recorder, and during the said Election, directed the Mayor what Votes he mould allow of, and what he should reject; and the said Mr. Loir ther and Mr. Bethell demanded a Scrutiny, but the said Mayor refused one: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and Hugh Ditto. Bethell Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of PontefruEt, the Petitioners, and the honourable John Dawney and Robert Frank Esquires, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners had the Majority of legal Votes; though Robert Lowther Esquire, Mayor, has returned the said Mr. Dawney and Mr. Frank; and that the said Mayor did reject many legal Votes for the Petitioners, and refused to admit the Persons called Quakers to vote for the Petitioners, unless they would hike the Abjuration-Oath, though several of them ottered their solemn Affirmation; and the said Mayor admitted several Persons to poll for the said Mr. Dawney and Mr.

Frank who had no Right, and refused others to vote for the Petitioners who had a Right; and Mr. Frank, Recorder of the said Borough, together with Mr. Edmund Abbot, Town-Clerk, directed the said Mayor what Votes should. be allowed, and what rejected; who acted accordingly; and that the Petitioners, after the Cloling of the Poll, demanded a Scrutiny, but the said Mayor refused one; all which Matters are contrary to the Rights of the said Borough, and a great Prejudice to the Petitioners:

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Banks and Richard Founes Esquires, Corse-CatUe was read; setting forth, That at the Election for ttie Bo- Election, rough of Corje-Castle, in Com' Dthe Petitioners,

Dennis Bond and William Oakden Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes; but that Multitudes of pretended Votes, who had no Right, were allowed by the Mayor; and that the said Mayor returned the said Mr. Bond and Mr. Oakden; and thajt the said Mr. Bond and Mr. Oakden were guilty of other illegal Practices, to procure themselves to be elected; and the

Petitioners

Lanceftop

Election.

South

Yarmouth

EkdUoxu

Newcastle upon Tyne. Election*

Reading

Election.

32 30° Martiu . 1715.

Petitioners are informed, that the said Mr. is not qualified: And praying, That he may give in a Particular of his Qualification; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that hey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Pendarvis Knight, and Charles Statham Esquire, was read; letting forth. That

the Petitioners Hood Candidates at the lait Election for the Borough of Dunheved, alias in Com Corn-

wall; and the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes; notwithstanding which, Thomas Mayor of the said

Borough, by illegal and unwarrantable Practices, hath returned Edward Herle and Joshua , Esquires; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Theodore Jansen, and Colonel Anthony Morgan, was read; setting forth. That at the Election for the Borough of South-Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, the Petitioners, Sir Robert Raymond, and Colonel Henry Holmes, flood Candidates; That several Persons who were illegally made free were admitted to poll for the said Sir Robert Raymond and Colonel Henry Holmes; and by that means, and several undue and indirect Practices, were procured to be returned; in wrong to the Petitioners, who had a Majority of legal Votes; and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Claveiing of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Esquire, was read; letting forth.

That at the Election for the said Town and County, Sir William Blacket Baronet, William Wrightson Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Sir William Blacket and Mr. Wrightson were returned by Mr. Malfen, Sheriff for the said Town and County; but the said Mr. Wrightson was not qualified, according to the late Act of Parliament; and therefore the said Election of the said Mr. Wrightson is void; and that the Petitioner, being qualified, and having polled Two hundred and Sixty-two legal Votes, was duly choseu, and ought to be returned in the room of the said Mr. Wrightson: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, in Coni Berks, who pay Scotland Lot within the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That at the last -Elefilion for the said Borough, William Cadogan Esquire was duly chosen; and that many Persons. who did not pay Scotland Lot, and divers others who had no Right, were permitted by Mr. Wilder, Mayor of the said Borough, to vote for Robert Clarges and Calvert Esquires; and that by divers illegal Practices of the said Mr. Clarges and Mr. Calvert, and Agents, have procured themselves to be returned; in prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Wallis Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of ing, in Coni Suffer, Major-General John Pepper, Robert Leaves, John Middleton, Esquires, and the Petitioner, ltood Candidates: That by the Corruption, and other undue Practices, of the said Major-General Pepper and Mr. Leaves, have procured themselves to be returned for the said Borough; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sabway Winni Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Borough of Bewdley, in Coni Worcester; and accordingly was returned by Mr. Rock, Bailiff of the said Borough, to Sir Richard Lane Knight, Sheriff of the said County, who refused the said Return; whereby the Petitioner is not returned to Parliament: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the ancient Corporation of Bewdley, in Com Worcester, was read; setting forth, That Sir Richard Lane Knight, Sheriff of the said County, sent the Precept to one Nicholas Ward, who took upon him, as Bailiff, under Colour of a new Charter, made the Twentieth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, for constituting a new Corporation; though John Rock, Bailiff of the ancient Corporation, had, before the Sending of the said Precept, given Notice to the said Sheriff, that he the said John Rock was Bailiff of the said Borough; and that he was the proper Officer to make the Return: And the said M r. Rock being informed, that the Precept was sent by the said Sheriff, did, on the Twenty-fourth January One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, cause public Proclamation to be made, That the Election of a Burgess would be on the Twenty-ninth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and that the Petitioners did unanimously cleft Salway Winnington Esquire, One of the Burgesses for the said Borough; and that the said Petitioners, by Indenture, returned the said Mr. Winnington to the said Sheriff; he refuting to accept the fame; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of May next.

A Petition of Herbert Rudhale and Nicho-

las Philpot Esquires, was read; jetting forth, That James Lord Viscount Scudamore, Thomas Foley Esquire, and the

Petitioners, stood Candidates at the Election for the City of Hereford: That the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley, and Agents, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, by giving several Sums of Money to the Freemen of the said City for their Votes, and entertained the Freemen at their own Houses, and at several other public Houses, after the Teste of the Writ; and also, by Threats, fyc. prevailed with several of the Freemen, who had promised the Petitioners their Votes, to turn from them, and give their Votes for the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley; and that several of their Agents entered into a Combination, under their Hands, not to have any Dealings with any Person who should not vote for the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley; and that Sir Thomas Morgan, and others, have owned the Signing thereof; and that the Constables, being bribed by the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley, or Agents, prevented the Votes of the Petitioners, by Blows, 8$c. from polling, and admitted others who voted against the Petitioners; and, at the same time, the Mob were very numerous, and supported by Captain Richard Foley, and others; by which means, several Tree-men were deterred to vote for the Petitioners; and by several other illegal Practices, by admitting to poll several Persons for the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley who had

Sleyning

Election.

Bewdley

Kledwn.

Ditto.

Hereford.

Election.

1

i Geo. I. 30" Martii. 33

had no Right; whereby the said Lord Scudamore and Mr.

Foley have procured themselves to be returned: although the Petitioners were duly chosen, and ought to nave been returned: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Hereford A Petition of several of the Freemen of the City of Election. Hereford, in behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of the said City, was read; setting forth, That James Lord Viscount Scudamore, Thomas Foley, Herbert Rudhale Westfaling, and Nicholas Esquires,

Hood Candidates at the last Election for the City of Hereford: That the Petitioners, and others of the said City, voted for the said Mr. Westfaling; but the said Lord Scudamore and Mr. Foley, land Agents, by Bribery, ’ Sfc. and procuring new Freemen to be made, and by other illegal Practices, obtained a great Number of Freemen to vote for them; whereby they procured themselves to be returned, although there was a Majority of legal Freemen, duly qualified, voted for the said Mr. Westfaling: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ivelchester A Petition of Sir James Bateman Knight, and Edward Election. Phelipps Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners stood Candidates for the Borough of Ivelchester, in Com' Somerset: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a great Majority, and ought to have been returned; but one Thomas Smith, taking upon himself Bailiff of the said Borough, confederating with one John Palmer and John Winter, Two pretended Burgesses of the said Borough, took upon themselves to return William Bellamy and John Hopkins, Esquires; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And that the said Thomas Smith caused several unnecessary Adjournments, after the Poll had been duly taken, and the Majority declared; and made the Return in a clandestine manner; and other Instances of Partiality, to obstruct the Return of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants, Electors, and Voters, of and in the said Borough of Ivelchester, in Corri Somerset, was read; setting forth. That at the Election for the said Borough, Sir James Bateman Knight, Edxcard Phelipps Esquire, William Bellamy Esquire, and John Hopkins Esquire, stood Candidates: That, at the said Election, the Petitioners were admitted to poll for the said Sir James Bateman Knight, and the said Edward Phelipps Esquire; who had a great Majority of Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but one Thomas Smith, taking upon himself Bailiff of the said Borough, and confederating with John Palmer, late Bailiff, and Winter, a pretended Burgess, did, by illegal Practices, return the said William Bellamy and John Hopkins, Esquires; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the }t43.

Teaer, forgoes }

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Canterbury A Petition of Sir Francis Head Baronet, was read; JELla&ion. setting forth. That at the last Election of Citizens for the City of Canterbury, the Petitioner, Sir Thomas Hales Vol. 18.

Baronet, John Hardrejs and Henry Lee, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the Sheriff of the said City behaved himself very partial on behalf of the said Mr.

That several Persons who were legally intitled to have their Freedom of the said City, and would have voted for the Petitioner, but were refused the fame: But when several of them had been prevailed upon, and had promised to poll against the Petitioner, they were admitted to have their Freedom; and they did vote accordingly for the said Mr. Hardress; and that several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Hardress who had no Right; and the said Mr. Hardress, by Threats, and other illegal Practices, procured himself to be returned; although the Petitioner was duly elected, and therefore ought to have been returned with the said Sir Thomas Hales: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Edwin and James Milner, Minehead Esquires, was read; setting forth. That at the Election Elea, on-for the Borough of Minehead, in Coni Somerset, the Petitioners, Sit William Wyndham and Sir John Baronets, stood Candidates: That Richard Bradford and Robert Slowly, the present' Constables of Minehead, behaved themselves very partial in favour of the said Sir William Wyndham and Sir John Trevelian; and that the Constables declared, some time before the Election, That the said Sir William Wyndham and Sir John Trevelian should be returned, if they had but Five Votes a-piece; and that the Petitioners had a legal Majority of the Sitting-Members, and ought to have been returned; and the said Sir William Wyndham and Sir John Trevelian, and Agents, by Bribery, &;c. and the Constables being influenced by them, and by Mr. Mogridge, Vicar of Minehead, and others, prevailed with several Voters for them, who had no Right to poll, and rejected others for the Petitioners; and that the said Constables returned the said Sir William Wyndham and Sir John Trevelian; in prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Thirty-first Day of May next

A Petition of Edward Minjhull and John Bromhall, Bath

Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Election.

Samuel Trotman and John Codringto Esquires, stood

Candidates for the City of Bath', where the Petitioners were duly elected; but, by the Partiality of the Mayor, in refuting of several Persons to vote for the Petitioners who had a Right, and by other illegal Practices of the said Mr. Trotman and Mr. Codrington, and Agents, they have procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Strickland, of Boynton, in New-Malton Coni York, Baronet, was read; setting forth, That at Eleflion-the last Election for the Borough of New-Malton, the Petitioner stood as one of the Candidates, and had a Majority of legal Votes; but by the Corruption of Thomas Wentworth senior, Esquire, and the arbitrary Proceedings of William Barton, Bailiff of the said Borough, by admit- . ting several Persons to vote who had no Right; and took upon himself to make a false Return; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-tideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

K A Petition

34 3°° Martii. A. in it.

New-Malton A Petition of several of the Burgesses, Electors for the

Election. Borough of New-Maltonin the said County of was

read , setting forth, That pursuant to a Writ, directed to William Barton, Bailiff of the said Borough, for electing Burgesses for the fame, that several Persons were polled at-the said Election, who did not pay Scotland Lot; and others living without the Borough, pretending to be Freeholders within the said Borough, were allowed to poll; all which Proceedings were prejudicial to the Privileges of the said Borough: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Gloucester A Petition of Francis Wyndham Esquire, was read; set-

Election. ting forth, That at the Election for the City of Gloucester, John Snell, Charles Cox, John and the

Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Snell, by Bribery, fife, obtained a Majority of Votes for himself against the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Citizens and Freemen of the Corporation and County of the City of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and others. Citizens and Freemen of the lame, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the said City, Charles Cox, John Snell, Francis Wyndham and John Hanbury, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the said Mr. Cox and Mr. Snell, by Bribery, fife, procured themselves to be retuined; though the said Mr. Wyndham and Mr. Hanbury were duly elected; and that the said Mr. Cox is not qualified to fit: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Colchester A Petition of Nicholas Corjellis Esquire, was read;

Election, setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in Com Essex, Sir Isaac Rebow Knight, Richard Ducane, Samuel Rush, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That although the Petitioner was chosen by a Majority of Voters, duly qualified; yet, by the partial and illegal Practices of the Mayor of the said Borough, in behalf of the said Sir Isaac Rebow and Mr. Ducane, in admitting several Persons to poll for them, who had no Right, and refuting others for the Petitioner who were duly qualified: That the said Sir Isaac Rebow and Mr. Ducane refused to take the Oath appointed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, fife, although requested to it at the time of the said Election; notwithstanding which, the Mayor hath returned ’ the said Sir Isaac Rebow and Mr. . Ducane; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Clitherow The House being informed, That Thomas Parker

Election. Esquire, who is returned in the Double Return for the Borough of Clitherow, in Com Laticaster, desires not to contest the Matter of the said Return with Edward Harvey Esquire, who is also returned in the said Double Return; and that thereupon the said Mr. Harvey desires to withdraw his Petition, which complains of the said Return and Eltfilion of the said Mr. Parker;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Harvey be at liberty to withdraw his Petition.

23

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter of the said Return and EleCiion were referred, be discharged from proceeding to hear the fame.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the said Borough of Clitherow, by which the said Mr. Parker is returned; and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of the said Thomas Parker Esquire, and what is contained in the Return relating to him.

A Petition of Richard Neri'digate Esquire, was read; Newark setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Election. Newark, the honourble Brigadier Richard Sutton, and the honourable Conyers Darcy, Esquires, with the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the said Brigadier Sutton and Mr. Darcy, by Threats, Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procured themselves to be returned; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Coward and William Petrs, Wells Esquires, was read; setting forth, That at the Elec- Election. tion for the City of JVells in Coin Somerset, Thomas Horner and Maurice Berkley, Esquires, together with the Petitioners, stood Candidates: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes; but Jacob Wor-rall, Mayor, did debar several Persons, legally qualified, from voting for the Petitioners; and did admit several others, not legally qualified, to give their Votes; w hereby, and by other indirect Practices of the said Jacob Thomas Horner and Maurice Berkley procured themselves to be returned; in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Comes, John Taylor, John Lo- jjitt0 veil, Joseph Norton the Younger, and several others, Citi-

zens, or Burgesses, and Freemen, Inhabitants of the City or Borough of Wells, in Com’ Somerset, was read; setting forth, That at the said Election, Jacob Mayor,

did refuse the greater Part of the Petitioners, who w'ould have voted for William Coward, and William Piers,

Esquires; and did admit several Persons to vote for the said Thomas Horner and Maurice Berkley, Esquires, who were not legally qualified; by which and other indirect Practices, they procured the said Thomas Horner and Maurice Berkley to be returned; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Manaton Esquire, One of the Taviftotk Candidates at the time of Election of Members to serve Election. in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in Com'

Devon, w as read; setting forth. That at the Election for the said Borough, Sir John Cope junior, Knight, Francis Henry Drake Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the said Sir John Cope and Mr. Drake, by themselves and Agents, did use illegal Practices in order to procure their Election; and William Portreeve

of the said Borough, rejected the Votes of several who would have polled for the Petitioners; and by admitting others, under pretended Titles, to poll for the Sitting-Members, although objected to by the Petitioners; and that the said Portreeve has returned the Sitting Members;

to

i Geo. I. 36° Martii: 35

to the Petitioner’s Prejudice; notwithstanding he was duly elected: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Stockbridge A Petition of Thomas Nicholas Windover,

Election. Daniel Tongue, Hugh Goddard, Peter Chivers, Richard White, senior, Henry Ba/dzcin, Thomas Berne, being Persons duly qualified to give their Votes in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in Com'Southampton, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the said Borough, Richard Jones, William Withers, Thomas and Bla-

den, Esquires, flood Candidates: That Richard Jones and William Withers were duly elected by a Majority of leg^l Votes: That Edrward Hopkins, Bailiff of the said Borough, and a known Agent for the said Brodrick and Bladen, did prepare a List of Electors, among whom were very many Persons not qualified to vote; and that the said Bailiff refused to hear any Objections against their illegal Proceedings, but declared openly, that be was resolved to poll them; and produced several Quakers; and the Oath of Abjuration being required of them, he refilled to tender the same; and that the said Bailiff has returned the said Brodrick and Bladen, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Great A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Great Mar-Marlow in the County of Bucks, in behalf of themselves,

Election. an(j several others who have Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That the Right honourable the Lord Shelburne, James CAn/e Esquire, George Bruei'e and Vincent Oakley Esquires, flood Candidates for the said Borough; That, after a Poll was demanded, there was a private Agreement made, without the Consent of the Petitioners, That James Chafe and Vincent Oakley, Esquires, should desist; and the said Lord Shelburne and George Bruere Esquire, should be declared elected: And that the Petitioners are very well assured, that the said George Bruere Esquire, is not qualified according to Law; notwithstanding which, the Constables have returned the said George Bruere; in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying, That the Qualification of the said George Bruere may be examined into.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of John Gray, Stepheti Gray, Richard Halloway, John Martin, and John Webb, Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot within the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the said Borough, the Right honourable the Lord Shelburne, Vincent Oakley, George Bruere, and

James Chafe, Esquires, stood Candidates: That a Poll being demanded by the Petitioners, but no Poll was taken: That the said Lord Shelburne has procured himself to be returned; but the same was procured by Bribes, and othVr illegal Practices, of the said Lord Shelburne, and Agents; nor that the said Lord Shelburne, as the Petitioners believe, is not duly qualified to fit; And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Vol. 18.

A Petition of Sir Bryan Stapylton Baronet, was read; Burrowbridg* setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Bur- Election. rowbridge, in Com! York, Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Steele, by Threats, Me. has procured themselves to be returned for the said Borough; and that, by the Assistance of a noble Earl, a Peer of this Kingdom, has very much influenced the said Election: And that Mr. Charles kinson, Agent for the said Earl, has been guilty of irregular Practices for the fitting Members, and in open Court insulted and threatened the Petitioner’s Counsel; and that the Bailiff arbitrarily rejected Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted others for the Sitting Members; and other illegal Practices were used by the said Bailiff; notwithstanding which Practices, the Petitioner was duly clected by a legal Majority, and ought to have been returned:

And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections r And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Christopher Hales and Sir Tulwar Coventry Skipwith, Baronets, was read; setting forth, That the Pe- Election. titioners, Sir Thomas Samwell, and Adolphus Oughton, stood Candidates at the last Election for the City of Coventry: That the Sheriffs of the said City refused many Freemen who would have polled for the Petitioners; and admitted others to vote for the Sitting Members who were not Freemen; and by these, and other arbitrary and illegal Practices, have returned Sir Thomas Samwell, arid Mr.

Oughton; in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And that Mr.

Oughton was required to make Oath of his Qualification; which he did accordingly; but believes he is not qualified within the Meaning of the late Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas. {"j; J So.

Tellers for to Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Gabriel Roberts and Francis Hayes, Marlborough Esquires, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners EleAiou. stood Candidates for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and was duly chosen by the Mayor and Burgesses thereof: And that John Fowler, Mayor of the said Borough, did, by Indenture duly executed between him and the said Burgesses, of the one Part; and the Sheriff of the said County, of the other Part; return the Petitioners; and delivered the same to the said Sheriff, who accepted thereof: But one Roger pretend-

ed Mayor, though in no wife qualified, got Possession

of the Precept, and .....Sir William Humfryes,

and Joshua Ward Esquire, the other Candidates, though not qualified according to the late Act of Parliament; and the said Roger Williams annexed to the Sheriff’s Precept a Return of the said Sir William Humfryes, and Joshua Ward, and hath returned them accordingly, although not duly qualified: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Fowler the Mayor, and also of the Ditto. Burgesses, of the Borough and Town of in the County of Wilts, was read; setting forth, That Gabriel Roberts, and Francis Hayes, Esquires, stood Candidates for the said Borough; and were duly elected: And the Petitioner John Fowler, Mayor of the said Borough,

by

36 3 <? Martii.1715.

by Indenture duly executed and made between him and the Burgesses, of the one Part, and the Sheriff of the said County, of the other Part; did return the said Mr. and Mr. Hayes as duly chosen; not with (landing which, Roger Williams pretending to act as Mayor, though not qualified lo to do, and having got Possession of the Precept; and Sir William Hum and Joshua ard Esquire, the other Candidates are returned by the said Williams, although not duly elefited: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Pearth A Petition of Sir Harry of Ardoch, Baronet,

EAXun. was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the County of Pearth, a few of the Freeholders did illegally separate themselves before the Meeting was constituted; and retired with the Sheriff s Deputy, w ho carried the Writ along with him, into another Room: That the said small Number presumed to constitute themselves a Meeting, and defiled the Lord James Murray, notwithstanding the Petitioner was legally chosen by a great Majority; and that the Petitioner conceives the said illegal Separation, and the taking away the said Writ by the Sheriff’s Deputy, to be a great Violation and Encroachment upon the Privileges of the Commons of Great; and the said Elefitiou was carried in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereu|>on, to the House.

Denbigh A Petition of John Wynn, of in the County of

Election. Denbigh, Esquire, was read setting forth, That at the Elefition for the Borough of Denbigh, the Petitioner and John Roberts Esquire, Hood Candidates: That, by the Threats and Bribery of the said Mr. Roberts, and the Partiality of John Middleton and Thomas Roberts, Bailiffs of the said Borough, the said Mr. Roberts procured himself to be returned, notwithstanding several good Votes for the Petitioner were rejefited, and others were allowed in favour of the said Mr. Roberts; and that the Petitioner had Fifty-nine good Votes more than the said Mr. Roberts', and that Mr. Middleton, one of the Bailiffs, has returned the said Mr. Roberts; to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-

Birt the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the ouse.

Aberdeen, A Petition of John Midleton Esquire, was read; setting &c. forth, That at the Elefition of a Member for the several Election. Burghs of Aberdeen, Mon Bruhan, Aberbrothwick,

and Bercy, the Petitioner w’as chosen by the major Part of the legal Elcfitors for the said Distrifit: That, without any Regard to the said Elefition, the Representative of Aberbrothwick, joining with the illegal Elefitors for the Towns of Montroffe and Bruhan, did nominate Captain James Erskine; and the Sheriff, most unwarrantably, returned the fame; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard -at the Bar of this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the same be heard upon Friday the Twenty-fourth Day of June next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

| 6,

Tellers for the Noe., )'73-

So it jiaffed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the -feud Petition be beard upon Friday the tenth Day of June next.

A Petition of Joseph Moxon Esquire, was read; setting Warwick forth. That at the Elefition for die Borough of ^e^lwIU

in Com Warwick, the Candidates were vill and William Colemore, Esquires, together with the Petitioner: That by the arbitrary Proceedings, and indirefit Prafitices, of the Mayor, the said Doddington Grevill and William Colemore procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong to the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes; and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Campbell, Merchant in Edinburgh, Edinburgh was read; setting forth, That at the Elefition for die City Election. of Edinburgh, George Warrcnder, Sitting Member, by open and avowed Bribery, Threats, and other illegal and Snifter Prafitices caused himself to be returned, under Pretence of a Majority of Three Votes, besides his own; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Pitt Esquire, was read; setting New Sarura forth, That at the Elefition for the City of New Sarum, Election, the Petitioner Hood Candidate; but, through the arbitrary Proceedings of Walter Barry, Mayor, in admitting Persons to vote, and by the corrupt Prafitices of their own, and Agents, Francis Swanton and Edmund Jumibert, Esquires, procured themselves to be returned, although one of them not qualified to fit; in Prejudice of the Petitioner:

And praying to be relieved: And also,

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, Ditto, and Assistants, of the City of New Sarum, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are grieved and oppressed by the illegal and arbitrary Proceedings of the said Combination, as their anticipating and determining, at their previous Meetings, all A fits and Things determinable by the whole Corporation in the Council-house; their agreeing, by Vote or Ballot, on the Choice of Members for the said City; and their admitting such Persons only, upon Vacancies, into the Corporation, a3 will engage themselves to act in the Measures of their Combination; whereby they are divested of the Benefit and Privileges of their Charter, the Government and Quiet of the Town interrupted, and the Freedom of Elefitions notoriously invaded: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday, the Fifth Day of May next.

A Petition of Francis Herbert Esquire, was read; set- Montgomery ting forth, that at the Election for the Town or Borough Ele&ioo. of Montgomery, in Com'Montgomery, the Petitioner, with

John Pugh Esquire, stood Candidates: That, notwithstanding the illegal and indirect Proceedings of the said

Mr. Pugh, his Friends and Agents, and their Corruption and Bribery, and other violent Prafitices, in order to procure his Elefition and Return; yet the Petitioner w-as duly elefited by a Majority of such Votes as had a Right to poll, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but the Bailiff of the said Borough returned the said Mr.

Pugh', in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the said Burgesses: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Dartmouth

Election.

Ludgarshall Kledlion.

Cambridge

hltdion.

Pembroke

hlecHon.

i Geo. I.

30° — 31°

37

A Petition of Nathanael Hern Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the Borough of Clijton-Dartmauth-Hardnes, in Com Joseph

Herne, John Townes junior, and John Upton, Esquires,

stood Candidates: That the said Mr. is returned,

in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who being duly qualified according to an Act of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, ought to have been returned, inilead of the said Mr. Fownes, who was not duly qualified, according to the true Alcaning of the said Act: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas JVebb, Serjeant at Law, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Ludgarshall, in Com' Wilts, the Petitioner, John Ivory Talbot, and John Webb, Esquires, stood Candidates: That John Batt, Bailiff of the said Borough, has been,

by Bribery, Promises, <$r. prevailed upon the said Mr. Talbot to act as Agent for him, and also prevailed upon other Persons to vote for him; and that the said Bailiff appointed the Day of Election without giving due Notice of it; and although the Petitioner had a Ma jority of legal Votes, yet the said Bailiff returned the said Mr. Talbot and Mr. Webb to be duly chosen: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Granado Pigot Esquire, was read; setting forth. That at the Election lor the County of Cambridge, the Petitioner, John Jenyns, and John Bromley, Esquires,

stood Candidates: That before, and at, the said Election, the said Mr. Jenyns and Mr. Bromley, and Agents, were guilty of Bribery, in order to be elected; and they are returned accordingly, although the Sheriff never declared them to be duly elected; and the said Mr. Bromley refused to take the Oath of his Qualification, he being requested to take the fame: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

4-2.

172.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yea, { "f'

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Election for the said County: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir George Barlcnv Baronet, was read; Pembroke setting fprth, That at the Election for the Borough of Election. Pembroke, the Petitioner, . Thomas Ferrers Esquire, stood Candidates: That the AJayor of the said Borough, being entirely in the fnterest of the said Thomas Ferrers, by Bribery, Promises of Preferment, §c. did, by undue and illegal Afeans, procure him to be returned, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a very great Majority of legal Electors; and although the said Thomas Ferrers is not legally qualified, in rpfpeft of Eli ate: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses inhabiting within the ancient Ditto. Corporation of Pembroke and Tenby, in on behalf

of themselves, and other Burgesses of the said Boroughs, was read; setting forth, That Wista small Village, never pretended to be a Borough, or to have a Right of voting, till within theie Four Years: That all the Colour of Right Wiston had, is set forth in a Manuscript under the Hand of the Deceased s material Evidence, ready to be produced: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereujxm, to the House.

A Petition of Colonel John Campbell was read; setting Elgine, &c. forth, That at the Election of the District of the Boroughs Election, of Elgine, Banif, Cullen, Kintore, and Inverurie; and although the Alajorityof the Common Council of Elgine did choole Robert Dunbar, of Grange Esquire, Coro-missioner for electing a Member for the said District of Boroughs; and the said Robert Dunbar, and the Electors for the Boroughs of BamJ'md Cullen, did choole the Petitioner; yet the Sheriff of Aberdeen did illegally return James Mui'ray Esquire; to the Prejudiceof the Petitioner,

who had the Majority of habile Electors, notwithstanding Protests were taken against them: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Alorning next, with the Return for the said Boroughs.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee*.

A Petition of John Barlow Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the County of Pembroke, the Petitioner and Sir Arthur Owen stood Candidates: That the Sheriff of the said County being promised great Rewards by the said Sir Arthur Owen; and he behaving himself very partial, in admitting divers Persons to vote for the said Sir Arthur Owen who had no Right; and deterred and rejected others from voting for the Petitioner who had an undoubted Right so to do: And that Guards of Twelve Men were appointed, most of them Servants to Sir Arthur, armed with his Halberts, under the Notion of the Sheriff's Alen, many of whom behaved themselves very inlolent tow ards divers of the Freeholders, and beat them; whereby they had not the Opportunity of giving their Vote3 for the Petitioner: And that the said Sir Arthur Oxven is returned, without declaring the said Vo L- 18.

Jovts, 310 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prater*.

SI R Richard Sand ford presented to the House, pur- Gold and suant to their Address to his Majesty for that Pur- Silver coined, pose, an Account of the Gold and Silver coined at his Majesty's Alint in the Tower of London, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, to Lady-day One Thoulatul Seven hundred and Fifteen; and of the Gold and Silver remaining in the Tower, in order for Coinage, at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; and of the Denominations and Species in which the said Gold and Silver were brought into the

L And

Clitherow

Return

amended.

Norfolk

Election.

31° Martii. A. 1715.

And the Title thereof was read. report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

The said Account is as followeth; viz. House.

An ACCOUNT of the Gold and Silver coined at his Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, to Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; and of the Gold and Silver remaining in the ,in order for Coinage, at Lady-day 1715; and of the Denominations and Species in which the said Gold and Silver were brought into the Tower.

From Lady-day 1713* to

1715, there was coined 44,179 Pounds Troy Weight of Standard Gold; which, at Guineas and, ) an Half to the Pound Weight, and I One Pound One Shilling and Six I Pence to the Guinea, makes In the same time, there was coined 3,899 Pounds Weight of Standard / Silver; which, at £. 3. 2 t. to the f-Pound Weight, makes - -J At Lady day 1715, there remained in*> the Tower, to be coined, 6,464 Pounds W eight ElevenOuncesT wo Penpy-weight and Five Grains of Standard Gold; amounting, at the above Value, to - -

And 278 Pounds Four Ounces and 1 Eleven Penny-weight of Standard I Silver; amounting, at the above I Value, to - - - - J

£ * 2,ii3,4»2 18

12,086 18

309,265 17

862 19

d.

3

o

7

6

£. 2,435,628 13 4

A Petition of Richard Lockwood Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the City of Worcester, the Petitioner, Thomas and Samuel,

Esquires, stood Candidates: That the said Mr. together with Thomas Yardley, Sheriff of the said City, and his Agents, by notorious Bribery, <§u procured Votes for the said Mr. Swift, who would have voted for the Petitioner; and the said Sheriff refuted to poll several Persons for the Petitioner who were duly qualified; and polled several other Persons for the said Air. Swift who had no Eight: And that the Petitioner demanded a Scrutiny, but he was refilled the fame: notwithstanding these Practices, the Petitioner had a legal Majority of the said Mr. Swift, and ought to have been returned; and that the said Mr. Swift is not qualified: And praying, That he may make out his Qualification; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Worcelltr

Election.

Waller Bacon Esquire, being chosen a Citizen to serve St. Germans in this present Parliament for the City and County of the Writ. City of Norwich; and also a Burgess for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to serve fur the City of Nprwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Germans, in the room of the said Mr. Bacon.

All the Silver above-mentioned was extracted out of English Lead; and all the Gold came to the Mint in the Form of Bars, or Ingots, the several Denominations and Species of which are not entered in our Books; but, by the Shape and Allay of the Bars, we conceive great part thereof to have been imported from Portugal, in the Form of Bars; and the rest to have been melted into Bars by the Goldsmiths in London. from various Sorts of foreign Gold, and chiefly from the Monies of France and Portugal, before it came to the Mint

Rich. Sand ford, Mint-Office, If. Newton,

30 Mar. 1715. Martin Bladen.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of t

in the County of Lancaster.

The House proceeded in the reading the Petitions, left with the Clerk, relating to controverted Elections, viz.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Hare Baronet, and Erasmus Earl Esquire, was read; setting forth. That the Peti- tioners, Sir Jacob Astley, and Thomas De Gray Esquire, stood Candidates for the County of Norfolk: That, at the said Election, a Majority of legal Votes appeared for the Petitioner; but, by allowing great Numbers to give their Votes who were not qualified; and by Bribery, and treating others; and Tumults arose in behalf of the said Sir Jacob Astley, and Mr. De Gray, ‘and by many other undue P raft ices; a Majority was obtained for the said Sir Jacob Astley, and Mr. De Gray, and so returned accordingly by the Sheriff; in Wrong to the Petitioners j and in Violation of the Rights of the Electors: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and

A Petition of Sir James St. Clare Baronet, was read; Caitnefle letting forth, That at the Election for the County of Cait- Election. nesse, the Petitioner, and Sir Robert Gordon of Gordon-ston, Baronet, flood Candidates: That the said Sir Robert Gordon hath not any Land in the said County, neither is he of Age; but, notwithstanding his several Incapacities,

John St. Clare junior, Deputy Sheriff of the said County, has returned him; although the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Harley Esquire, was read; setting New Radnor forth, That Edward Fowler Esquire, High-Sheriff of El*&‘on-the County of Radnor, proclaimed the Election for the said County, to be held at New Ra, on the Ninth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: That Richard Fowler Esquire, combining with the said High-Sheriff, Mr. William Chamberlain Under Sheriff, Mr.

Matthew Davies, and others, Confederates, did, by Promises, Threats, fife, endeavour to influence the Freeholders to vote for the said Richard Fcnvler; but the Majority of them declared for the Petitioner: And that the said Mr. Harley, with several Freeholders, demanded of the Deputy-Sheriff to proceed to Election, and return the Petitioner, w ho had the Majority of Votes; but refiifed tire same: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen and Freeholders of Ditto, the County of Radnor was read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, and the major part of the Freeholders of the said County, were resolved to give their Votes for Thomas Harley, Esquire, for the said County; but Richard Fouler Esquire, in Confederacy with Edu ard Fowler Esquire,

23 High-

ii*-ii 1 1-

i Geo. I. 31

High-Sheriff, Mr. William Chamberlain Under-Sheriff, and others, did by Bribes, Threats, and several other illegal Practices of themselves, and Agents, endeavour to procure Votes for the fiud Richard; and that Tho-

mas Harley Esquire, and other Freeholders, did demand of the said Deputy-Sheriff to proceed to Election, and grant a Poll for the said Mr. Harley; but he refused the same: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion, thereupon, to the House.

Kinrofie A Petition of James M Esquire, was read; lotting

Election, forth, That at the Election for the Shire of Kinrojfe, the Petitioner flood Candidate, and was unanimously elected by all the Freeholders, except One, who declared he would not vote at the Election: And that, after the Election was over, 1'everal Persons who were never admitted into the Roll of the Freeholders, nor have the least Pretentions to vote, did, without any Authority, assemble themselves where the Election had been made; and did, with that One single Freeholder, pretend to choose William Douglas Esquire; yet Colonel John Hope, Sheriff of the said Shire, has illegally returned the said William Douglas, upon the said lham Election* And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Morpeth A Petition of Oley Douglas Esquire, was read; letting Election. forth, That the Lord Morpeth, the Lord Viscount

comer, Thomas Renda Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election for Morpeth, in Corn Northumberland: That the said Lord procured

himself to be elected and returned by several indirect Practices, not only in getting the Agents and Servants of the Earl of Carlisle to make use of his Lordship’s Name and Authority to command and influence the Voters of the said Corporation, but likevvifc in giving Money, Meat, Drink, &;c. and promising Rewards to the Burgesses or Freemen of the said Borough: And that several Sons of Freemen, and several free Brothers, having, according to the usual Custom, legally demanded their Freedom, and did severally tender their Votes for the Petitioner, but were rejected by the Bailiffs: And praying to let aside’ the Election of the Lord Castlecomer, and restore the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of Thomas Renda Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in Coni' Northumberland, the Lord Morpeth, the Lord Viscount Castlecomer, Oley Douglas Esquire, and the Pe-

titioner, stood Candidates: That the major Part of the legal Voters offered to poll for the Petitioner; but the Bailiffs refused them; to the manifest Injury of the said Voters; and have returned the said Lord Morpeth and Lord Castlecomer, 'notwithstanding the major part of the legal Votes tendered for the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Bridgport A Petjtion of Peter Walter Esquire, was read; setting Election, forth, That at the Election for Bridgport, in Com' Dorset, the Petitioner, William Coventry, John

Voi.. 18,

and William Harvey, Esquires, Rood Candidates: That the Bailiffs of the said Borough did admit and take, for and on behalf of the said Mr. Strangways and Mr.

Haroey, the Votes of more than Fifty Persons who were disqualified, and also of several other Perforts that received the common Alms; and that the said Bailiffs, on the Poll, did rejefit more than Twenty Persons who were duly qualified, and offered to vote for the Petitioners, under pretence that feme of them, being Quakers, refused to take the Abjuration Oath, although they offered to make the solemn Affirmation, to the Effect of the said Oath: That, when the said Poll was taken, and a Scrutiny demanded, the said Bailiffs refused to finish the said Scrutiny, and unjustly declared the said John Strangways to be duly elected; in wrong to thp Petitioners: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Third Day of May next.

A Petition of John Cater Esquire, was read; setting Bedford forth. That at the Election of Knights of the Shire for Election. the County of Bedford, the Petitioner, William Sir Pincent Charnock, and John Harvey F.squire, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner and the said Mr. lerfdon had a Majority of legal Votes; but, several Persons voting for the said Mr. Harvey, though not qualified, and by the illegal Practices used by the said Mr. Harvey, and Agents, there was procured a Majority of sixteen for the said Mr. Harvey, above the Petitioner, who otherwise would have had the Majority: And praying to be relieved: And also,

A Petition oiSnPynfent Chcmocke Baronet, was read.; Ditto,

setting forth, That at the said Election for the said County of Bedford, the Petitioner, John Harvey, William Hil-lerfdon, and John Cater, Esquires, stood Candidates: The High-Sheriffdid declare as duly elected, and has accordingly returned, Mr. HillerJ'don, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes: Several that polled for Mr. Hillerfdon had no Right so to do; though, by his indirect Means, did procure the Votes of others that had a Right to poll, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Nineteenth Day of May next.

A Petition of Edward Harley Esquire, commonly called New Radnor Lord Harley, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Eleaion. was a Candidate at the last Election for the Borough of New Radnor, and the other Boroughs in that County; and that p. great Majority of the legal Voters did appear, and tendered their Votes, for the Petitioner; but Mr. Samuel Burton, Bailiff of the said Borough, refused to admit j

them, and returned Thomas Lewis Esquire, junior, who is not qualified: And that the said Bailiff, Thomas Lewis senior, and William James, have pretended to makefome Hundreds of illegal Burgesses, and polled them for Mr.

Lewis, junior, declaring, It was to exclude the Petitioner:

And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the said Edward Lord Harley was read; Bifoop’* setting forth, That the Petitioner stood Candidate at the Castle last Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in Coni Eleaion. Salop, and had a Majority of legal Votes; but Charles

Mason and Richard Harneage, Esquires, and Agents, did, by Bribes, and other illegal Practices, procure themselves to be returned: And the Petitioner humbly represents,

That the said Charles Mason was not qualified: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and.

report

8riftoi

Election.

Cardigan

Election.

Monmouth

Borough

Election.

Papers re-l.iting to Negotiations for Peace.

Demolition of Dunkirk.

Russia

Company.

Bpanish and

West India Merchant!.

40 516 Mar tit. A. 1715.

report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Philip Freke and Thomas junior,

Esquires, was read; letting forth, That Sir Danes,

J(jfeph Earle, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates for the City of Bristol: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a great Majority; but, notwithstanding that Choice, the Sheriffs have unduly returned the said Sir Danes, and Joseph Earle: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^}>«

Tellers for the Noes, { }.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Thomas Johnes Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the County of Cardigan, the Petitioner, and Lewis Price Esquire, flood Candidates: That several qualified Persons would have polled for the Petitioner, but were, by Threats, §c. hindered from so doing; and others admitted to poll for the said Mr. Price who refused to take the Oaths: And the said Mr. Price, or Agents, were guilty of many other illegal Practices, in order to procure him to be'elected and returned; w ho is returned accordingly, notwithstanding the Petitioner had the Majority of qualified Votes: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Andrews Windsor Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Writ under the Great Seal, a Precept of the Sheriff of 'Monmouth was delivered to Mr. Bams, Mayor of the Borough of Monmouth, for the Election of a Burgess for that Borough;

and he, according to the Precept, gave due Notice of the Election; and the Electors appeared accordingly; and the Petitioner was chosen to represent the Borough, and so declared by the Mayor: And an Indenture of the Return of the Petitioner was foaled, and affixed to the Precept; and given to the Sheriff, who signed the fame; but, pretending that he had font his Return for the County to London, desired the Petitioner to carry the Petitioner’s

Return to his Under-Sheriff in London; giving the Petitioner a Letter to him, or his Deputy, with Directions, to receive the Return and Precept, and annex the same to his General Return for the County: Which Letter, with the Return so affixed, the Petitioner delivered, according to the Sheriff’s Direction, here in Town: And that Person was desired to annex the same accordingly; who acquainted the Petitioner, that the General Return was not then come to Town: Upon which the Petitioner left the Letter and Return with the Person: But the Petitioner finds, that the General Return for the County is delivered to the Clerk of the Crown, without the Petitioner’s Return on the Precept, and with an Indenture signed by the Mayor of Newport, and others, to whom the Precept was not directed, of JVm. Bray Esquire; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and the said Borough: And praying, That the House would take this extraordinary Abuse of the Sheriff, in his Office, into Consideration, and give the Petitioner Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, with the Returns for the County of Monmouth, upon Thursday the Twelfth Day of May next.

Ordered, That the High-Sheriff of the County of Monmouth, and his( Under-Sheriff, and Mr. Thomas Morgan, his Agent here in Town, do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the said Mr. Windfar be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the said Twelfth Day of May.

Six James Bateman, from the South-Sea Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of the capital and annual Fund of the South Sea Company, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

And the Title of the said Account was read:

And the said Account is as follows; viz.

£. s. d.

The Capital Stock of the South-Sea Company, a3 per Particulars delivered in to the Treasury,) /

amounts to - - - " - - -y’ '/f ‘ 5 4

j£. Si d.

The annual Fund on the above Sum ----- 550,678 1 —

Charges of Management - - 8,000-----

.£558,678 1 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously pleafod to direct, That all Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the late Negotiations of Peace and Commerce, and to the Cessation of Arms, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleafod to direct, That the Proceedings relating to the Demolition of Dunkirk, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleafod to direct, That the Representations from the Russia Company, and the Merchants trading to the Ealt Country, be laid before this lloufo.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to direct, That

Ja.Bateman, Sub-Governor.

the Representations and Memorials from the Merchants trading to Spain, and the West Indies, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to direct, That an Account of the Proceedings at the Courts of the South-Sea Company, relating to the AJjiento, and South-Sea Trade, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That be will be pleased to direct, That the several Memorials of the Clothiers to the Commissioners of Trade; and what Directions the said Commissioners received, relating to such Memorials; be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct, That the Representations and Memorials of the Turkey Company, und of the Italian Merchants, be laid before this House.

Ordered,

South-Sea

Company.

Afliento, &c. Trade.

Memorials of Clothiers.

Turkey

Company.

x Geo. I.

31* Martii — i" Aprilis.41

Ordered, That the said Addreflfes be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmerity i° die Aprilis;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Deficiencies Tk /f R. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to Grants. their Addrefe to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of the Supply granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and the Deficiencies of the same:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to Ordnance the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for Etomate. that Purpose, an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, for Land-Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows;

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year 1715*

£. s. d.

N° 1. Allowances and Wages to the Matter-General, principal Officers, Storekeepers, Engineers,

Clerks, Labourers, Gunners, Fire-mailers, Fire-workers, Petardiers, Bombardiers, fyc. daily attendant and employed in the Office at the Tower, Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham,

Chester, Gravesend, Guernsey, Hull, Jersey, Plymouth, Tilbury,

Tinmouth, Upnor-Castle, Wtnd/or, &c. with the Rent of Houses for Officers, Governors, Clerks, Labourers, $c. and of Storehouses in Plymouth, Ports-

mouth, &c. - -- -- 13,235 7 6

2. The incident Charge of the Office in taking Remains of Stores, paying extraordinary

Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, at

the Tower, and other Garrisons, and Abroad ----- 6,600 — —

3. Repairing of Platforms, making of new, and repairing of old Carriages, at the several Forts,

Castles, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - 4,000 — —

4. Rebuilding and Repairing of Storehouses, Barracks, Bridges, Gates, Palisadoes, 8$c. at the said Forts, Castles, and Garrisons - - 10,000-

5. For fumishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, 8$c. and repairing the same, at the said Forts, Castles,

and Garrisons ----- - 1,500 — —

C. The Expence of Powder, Shot, Ladles, Sponges, Flags, and other small Stores, for the

Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain - -- -- - 3,500 — —

7. The yearly Charge of the Officers, 8$c. at fPortMahon ----- 3,504 — —

8. The yearly Charge of the Officers, 8$c. at Gibraltar - 3,175 10 —

9. The yearly Charge of the Officers, 8$c. at Annapolis Royal ----- 730 — —

10. The yearly Charge of the Officers, 8$c. at Placentia ----- 1,076 15 —

11. The yearly Charge of the Officers belonging to the Train of Artillery in North Britain - 1,475 18 9

12. ^For nocking and setting up 8,000 new Arms, and for Stocking, Cleaning, and Repairing

of old Arms, returned since the Peace - -- -- - 10,000 — —

13. For 10,000 new Arms contracted for, and ordered to be brought into the Stores - - 11,000 — —

14. For 300 Tons of Saltpetre, having but 200 Tons inStore; whereas there was kept in Store,

during the last Peace, near 1,000 Tons - -- -- - 13,500-----

15. For putting the battering and travelling Trains of Artillery in a proper Condition; of which

110 Guns have always been maintained in the Out-Garrisons; Berwick, Chester,

Hull, St. James's and Whitehall, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Isle of Wight, and Edinburgh,

besides the Royal Artillery in the Tower ----- 5,000 — —

16. The extraordinary Expences incurred upon the Demise of her late Majesty, by Order of the

Regency, at the several Forts and Castles in South and North Britain - 2,500 — —

<£ 9°,797 11 3

Tho. Erie, Edw. Ashe,

M. Richards. Tho. Frankland,

John Armstrong.

Memorandum: That the Fortifications for Port-Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, and Placentia, are not included in the foregoing Estimate.

Memorandum: That the Repairing of the Fortifications of North Britain (as estimated by the Engineer sent thither since the Demise of her late Majesty) for securing the same from an Insult, and for lodging the Soldiers and Stores, amounts to £. 15,423. io$. d.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Half-Pay Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his Estimate. Majesty, that he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, That an Estimate of the Half-Pay may be laid before this House of the Officers and Chaplains who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowances they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay.

VOL. l8.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Doctor Awbrey be desired to preach be- Dr. Awbny fore this House upon the Twenty-ninth Day of next, to preach «a being appointed, by Act of Parliament, for a Day of a9th May. Thanksgiving for the Restitution of the Royal Family, and Reiteration of the Government: And that Mr.

Cholmly and Mr. Nevill do acquaint him therewith.

M Mr.

Fife Election.

Sapply.

Navy

Estimate.

4 2 i° Aprilis

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of the House had, the Thirtieth of March last, received a Letter from Sir Alexander Arejkin, Lord Lyon, dated the

Fifteenth of the same March, with a Petition inclosed therein,* complaining of an undue Election of a Commissioner to serve for the Shire of Fife; and desired to know, the Pleasure of the House thereupon, in regard it came to the Clerk’s Hands since the Speaker was chole:

And, the Petition mentioning that the Election was on the Tenth of February last, the House did not think fit to do any thing thereupon. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the capital and annual Fund of the South-Sea Company, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen: And also,

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen: And also,

An Estimate of the Money, Tallies, 8$c. remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands on the Thirty-first of December 1714, over and above the Alignments on them from the Navy-Board; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the Debts of the Navy, in case it shall be applied to the Service thereof: And also, An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood the 31st December 1714.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Three Estimates are as follow; viz.

Admiralty-Office, 1 ESTIMATE An of what may be ne-3ift of March 1715. j cessary for the extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet, in the Year 1715: Prepared in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address from the honourable House of Commons.

For the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy,

Rebuilding of Ships, and other extraordinary Works; as also completing the Furniture and Stores of the Ships in Re- £. s. d, pair, and to be repaired; in the Year 1715.....237,277-----

Geo. Dodington, J. Jennings,

Cha. Turner,

A. Stanyan, Geo. Bally.

Navy*

D

(a

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

CJ

0

1

FT

<5 7th February

by

Admiralty,

5th

over and above the Assign-Service thereof: Prepared

Id what Treasurers Hands.

Executors of Sir Thomas Littleton -

The Right honourable Robert Walpole, Esquire -

Charles Cafar, Esquire

John Ai/labie, Esquire

In Money, Tallies, and South-Sea Stock.

r

In Money - -

In Tallies on Reversions of Annuities

Money - -

Tallies on the 5th general Mortgage, Anno 1709 on Candles -

In

on Malt, Anno One thousand Seven hundred and Ten -

Money - -

Tallies on Hops, Anno 1711 -on Malt, Anno 1712 -on Malt, Anno 1713 -on the 3d 2 s. Aid on Reverfions of Annuities South-Sea Stock - -

In Money

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

£. $. d.

456 2 —

3,317 11 8

62 18 9

96 15 4J

1,400 —

78 16 6i 13,168 — 6f

18,580 4 10J

Seamens Wages.

£ t. d.

2,044 19 10*

343 10 ill

10,498 1 5*

147,618 15 lif

160,505 8 3

Victuals.

£ s. d. no 11 5*

— 811 102 8 1

160 4 6l

170 5 1

2,144 2 5 1,870 11 7

4,558 12 1

Reserved for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury shall direct.

£. s. d.

5,104-----

93 19 "I

4,672 5 5

3.000 —

5.000 — 11,84019 — 7,490 10 2*

39,389 -

76,590 >4 7

TOTAL

L s. d.

| 7,71513 4*

4,081 2 10*

I 85,780 15

R. Burton, Cha.

J. Fowler, D.

1 Geo. I.

D

cq‘

f — H

n'

CD

CL

CJ

o

o

o

0Q

FT

Navy-Office, ^2d of FebruaryAn ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 3 lit of December 1714*

HEADS of the HAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear;

Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs s

Due to pay off and disch&rge all the Bills entered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, 8$c. fugplied for the } Service thereof 3

For the Freight of Store-Ships and Tenderst as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no} Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3,1st December ,1714; as also to several Bills of Exchange - - - - 3

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For the Half-pay to the Sea-Officers, according to «n Establishment made by her late Majesty in Council on that} behalf -

Seamens Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid, on the Books of Ships paid off since the Resolution; which, per Estimate, may require} the Sum of- - -- -- -- - - j

To Ships in Sea-Pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1714 -

To disc^ge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and} Orphans of flain at Sea, 8$c. on the Head of Seamens Wages - - - - }

Vi6tualling-Debt;

As per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Dye for ^ort-Allowance to ,the Companies ,of his hfajc%’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For Bills on t^ir Course, and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; and for necessary and extra-necessary Money,} and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, 8$c. - - - j

Sick and Wounded;

The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for the Service of ftck and wounded Seamen serving on board his Majesty’s Fleet, <S,c. - -

Totals - - - - £.

Particulars, Tfl Til

- r - Before this Reign, Since this Reign. 0

£. s. d. £. 9. d. £

m - m 13,764 3 3 167,108 — — 2,400 35,542 19 10 13,726 19 11 62,364 12,600 j> 307,506 3 —

154,558 5 7 663,593 1,523 18 8 63,911 — — 1,639 2 3 885,225 6 6

97,342 6 3 20,182 13 i« 5,600 37,656 19 5 160,781 19 6

4,965 J7 5 - 1,796 9 4 67,611 19 9

1,123,914 6 4 236,361 2 5 1,360,275 8 9

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Three hundred Sixty thousand Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Peace.

Cha. Sergifon, D. J. Fowler.

(A

i Geo. I. i° — 2°

Ordered, Thai the said Efti mates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Ordinary Efti mate for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Woollen Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his

ManafoAorea Majesty, That he will be pleated'to direct, That the respectand Custonu. ^jye Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for England and Scotland do lay before tins House an Account of all Woollen Manufactures, and of all Lead, Tin, and Fish, that have been exported from Great Britain in the several Years, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eight to Christmas One thousand seven hundred and Fourteen, respectively; and to what Places, and in what Ships, exported: And also an Account of the grefe and net Produce of the Customs for the same time: And also an Account of the Produce of the Customs for Wine and Brandy for the same time: And also an Account of all Woollen Manufactures exported from England from Christmas One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-seven to Christmas One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-nine.

french Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Trade to Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct, That the Pro-e portions of France, to exclude themselves from all Trade of their Subjects and Shi ps to the Spanish Indies, with

a Reservation of the Assie Contract, and licensed Ships, granted to Great Britain, be laid before this House.

Ifawfeandbnd Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his

Juhery, &c. Majesty, That he w ill be pleased to direct, That an Account of the Fishing-Ships and Saicks employed at Newfoundland, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eight to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and also a State of the Trade there for the same time; with all Memorials and Reprefetttations relating the reunto, and to the Cession of Cape Breton to France; and also a Representation of the Fishery and Trade of the Island of St. Peters, yielded on the Peace from France to Great Britain; be laid before this House.

]i«]tick Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his

Trade. Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct, That all Re-presentations and Memorials presented, in the Four last Years, by the Sivcdish Minister residing here, relating to the Navigation and Trade of the; and also all Re-

presentations and Memorials presented by him, relating to fitting out Ships of War here for the Service of the Czar of Muscovy; be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his France. Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct, That an Account of what Logwood, Fustick, Indigo, and other Materials or Drugs lor Dying, have been sent to France since the late Peace concluded at Utrecht, be laid before this House.

.*"*:’ * Rejoiced, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct, That an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Excise and Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since the Union of the Kingdoms, and to what Uses the said Revenues have been applied, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by stich Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 18.

Jprilis. 43

Sabbatif 2° die Apr ills j

Anno i6 Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pr ky euS.

MR. Secretary Stanhope reported to the House, That Answer to their several Addresses of the Thirty-first of Addresses. March, and of Yesterday, had been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the several Accounts and Matters therein mentioned to be laid before this House; and that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to give Directions for the laying the same before this House accordingly.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Ten thousand Men be allowed for the Sea-Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, beginning from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for Thirteen Months; including the Ordnance for Sea-Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thirty-eight thousand Six hundred Seventy-eight Pounds One Shilling, be granted to his Majesty, to make good, for the Services of the Navy, the like Sum which, in the Year commencing from Chmtmas 1714, is to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by quarterly Payments, to the South-Sea Company, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Mom- \Vay» ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty/

A Petition of Thomas Hopkins F.squire, was presented to Hopkins's the House, and read; setting forth. That his Majesty, by qualifyingfor his Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Ireland, grant- Offices, ed unto the Petitioner the Office, or Offices, of Searcher,

Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of the City of,

in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and of all the Ports,

Creeks, and Bays, thereunto belonging, to hold during his Majesty’s Pleasure: And that the Petitioner is how in . England, and his urgent Affairs requires him to continue feme time; lb that he cannot, at present, go over into Ireland, to take the Oaths of Office, and subscribe the Declaration, to qualify him there for the said Office:

And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to One or more of the Barons of Exchequer in England to administer to the Petitioner the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the said Office, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Hopkins and Mr. London do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

N

Wareham

Writ.

Tern pie’s, Ike qualifying foi Office.

Privilege.

Ways ' and Means.

Privilege.

46 40 — 50 Aprilis. . 1715.

Luna, 40 di Aprilis;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

GEORGE Pitt Esquire, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton; and also a Burgess for the Borough of W in the County of

Dorset; made his Election to serve for the County of -Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Warcham, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt.

A Bill to impower the Barons ^f the Court of Exche-r quer in Ireland to grant a Commission to tome Persons in England to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, the ul’ual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tho. Pelham, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Wild, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Pelham, Lord Wm. Powlctt, Mr. Booth, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Morton, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Earl, Mr. Neville, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Morgan, Sir

Mountague Blundle, Mr. London, Admiral Aylmer, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Ash, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Fowler, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Long-nenille, Mr. Drake, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Air. Conyers,

Lord Murray, Mr. Archer, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Havers, Lord Sondes, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Morice, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Eylcs, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Diston: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Complaint being made to the House,' That Richard Parker, Richard Evans, and one John Kidder, a Sheriff’s Bailiff, have, the Twenty-fifth Day of March last, entered upon, and taken Possession of, a Piece of Ground, called Sydenham-Frith, in the Possession of Richard Clow-der, Tenant to Hugh Cholmly Esquire, a Alember of this House; and turned out several Alen that were at Work on behalf of his Tenant; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Uoufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Mayor of the Town of Cambridge being served with an Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Air. Shcpheard and Air. or their

Agents to inspect the Records, Charters, and publick Books and Writings, of the said Town..

Mr. Joseph Pyke and Mr. John York were called in;

and examined at the Bar:

And the Order of the Committee was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Charles Chambers, Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, having refused to obey the Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Samuel Shepheard junior, and John junior, Esquires, or their Agents, to inspect the Records, Charters, and publick Books and Writings, of the said Town, be, for the said Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T , r., v C Lord Hinchingbrooke,) , o,

Tellers for the Yeas, J Sir mcM l8t.

C Sir IFilloughby Hick-)

Tellers for the Noes, < man, > 142.

(Air.: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Under-Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, who executed the Writ for electing Knights of the Shire for the said County, hath not made any Return thereof by the Seventeenth of March last, being the Day appointed for such Return} by which means, none of the Members chosen to serve for the said County, or the Boroughs therein, can be admitted to give their Attendance in this House;

Resolved, That Thomas C, Under-Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, having neglected to return the Writ for electing the Alembers of the said County by the Seventeenth Day of March last, being the Day appointed for the Return thereof, is guilty of a great Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Crojly be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 Aprilis;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had this Day received a Certificate from the Clerk of the Crown, That the Sheriff of the County of Cumberland had made his Return of the Members of the said County.

The House being informed, That a Person attended at the Door, from the Trustees appointed by an Act made the last Session of Parliament, for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for ascertaining the Coal-measure;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, Dagen-ham-Breach Account, and Dagenham-Breach Contract And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Contract were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Contract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Alembers of the House. The said Account and Contract are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

S'

Mr. Pulteney, Secretary at War, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Estimate of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land-Forces in Great Britain, and the Plantations, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen: And also,

An Estimatc of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Minorca, Gibraltar, and Flanders, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Eftiinates are as follows j viz.

ESTIMATE

Delay of

Cumberland

Return*

Cumberland

Return.

Dagenham*

Breach*

Army

Estimate.

i Geo. I.

5° Apri

47

ESTIMATE of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land-Forces, in Great Britain, and the Plantations;

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1715.

First Troop of Guards -Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards -Fourth Troop of Guards Horse.( Firit Troop of Grenadier Guards -' Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards -General Lumley's Regiment -

Lord Windjbr'sRegiment

Dragoons.

"Royal Regiment -Earl of Port more's Regiment -Lieutenant-General Carpenters Another Regiment Colonel Kerr's Regiment

First Regiment of Guards Second Regiment of Guards -Third Regiment of Guards -Foot/ Colonel Kirk's Regiment

' Lieutenant-General Seymour's Brigadier H -Lord Shannon’s -

General and Staff Officers - -

Contingencies -Garrisons, including 12. Companies of Invalids -Three Independent Companies in North Britain Fire and Candle for Guards and Garrisons

In the Plantations.

(Colonel Alexander's Regiment Four Independent Companies at Four Independent Companies at Annapolis Royal Four Independent Companies at Placentia One Independent Company at Bermudas Two Independent Companies in Jamaica -

NUMBERS.

181

l8l

I8l

l8l

176

177

355

337

226

237

237

237

237

2.37

1,386

694

890

d85

485

485

485

445

449

364

364

5«

226

1,906

Garrisons at Placentia, and Annapolis Royal Total, for Guards, Garrisons, and the Plantations -

l>995

1,185

Charge per Annum.

s.

154,048 5 —

55,860 4 2

4,870

8,050

122,119 17 6

11,870 19 2 10,000 — —

31,653 14 6 2,847-----

2,758 -

32,731 7

2,011 6

TOTAL.

s. d.

39',158 — 4

34,742 14 2

425,900 14 6

Win. Pulteney.

ESTIMATE of his Majesty’s Forces in Minorca, Gibraltar, 'and Flanders’, with the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1715.

In Minorca. NUMBERS. Charge per Annum. TOTAL.

f Royal Regiment of Fufiliers - 625

1, . j Colonel Philips’s Regiment - - 625 £. s. d. £ s. d.

J Major-General Whet ham's - - 625

(, Lieutenant-General Sankey's - - - 625

2,500 50,874 18 4

Officers of the Garrison - - - -’ - m mm 6,884 16 3

- 57,759 14 7

In Gibraltar. '

f Major-General Pearce's Regiment - - 500

Foot. < Earl of Barrymore's - - - 500

Lieutenant-General Meredith's - - 500

1,500 33,443 2 6

Officers of the Garrison - - m - - 3,749 12 31

37,192 14 9i

In Flanders.

TColonel Harrifons Regiment - 669

Foot. < Lord North and Grey's - - - - 613

£ Brigadier Stern's - 613

LTY 0% OO - 35,912 19 2

Total of the Forces in Minorca, Gibraltar, and Flanders - - 130,865 8 6f

Vol. 18,

Wm, Pulteney.

Ordered,

48

5® Aprilis.

A,. *715,

Ordered, Thftt the find ElHmates do fid upon the Table, lery to Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions;

to be.perused by the Members of the House with what Allowance they have on the Establishment in

the Office of Ordnance, and what will be required to com- Mr. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, pre fen ted to plete their Halt-Pay: the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

that Pufpole, an Estimate of the Half-pay of the Officers The laid Estimate is as follows; viz.

and Chaplains who have served well in the Train of Artil-

An ESTIM A T E of the Half-Pay of the Officers and Chaplains who have served well in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowance they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance, and what will be required to complete their Half-Pay.

Employments.

PerfoUs Names.

Colonels.

f \T°1

1 Y

L /<*

John Henry -

rames Petidlebury

Richard King -onas iVatfon -

Lieutenant-Colonels. 11 Davis

John Jeffreys -

! I Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis Duterne

Uames Petitt

\George Spencer

j George Jane

I Francis Hawkins

John Redbtapp Engineers. Uohn Chardellou

I Maximilian Faviere -

I John Gruel

John Homer f \Blootn Williams

J 1 Francis Sens

\ \Nicholas Dubois

I \Edward Ridley

MAW March and A Peter Gylmoiden

I yhomas Marwood

/ Uames Richards yhomas Pattison KjZachariah Smith yhomas Hey don \Godfrey Franks yhomas Holman

\Frimcis Ifutt -

j yienry Pillar - yhomas Hughes fames Deal

j PeterStepkins -

uohn Roope L Joseph Burton -

1 iGeorge Hitmens,) \ James -

51 George Aikenhead

Xyonathan Lewis

C yhomas Salisbury Gentlemen of Ord-,) Uohn Brooks

nance. J \ Richard Summerfeild -

f I Henry Garnett

Mailer-Gunner from

Sub-Engineers.

Captains.

Fire-master.

Lieutenants.

Ac^atants. Quarter-Matters.

Barbadoes.

Fire-workers.

Sorgeons.

Chaplain

Tames Fawcett

fiAbraham Carpenter -I \Rurnet Godfrey 1 \ Humphrey Hutchenfon I Edward Backhouse -\ Michael Crofts Thomas Baffe

7ohn Mellidge -rohn Humphreys John Cartwright John Pawlett John Scott

j! ThomasI.eajke -

Tofiah Sandby -

V

Half-Pay. Salary an the Establishment- What will make Up their Salary, Half-Pay.

£. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

228 2 6 [ 200 — — 28 2 6

228 2 6 226 10 — 1 is 6

228 2 6 loo — — 128 2 6

182 10 — 54 15 — 127 15 —

182 10 — - - 182 10 —

182 10 — *» 182 to —

136 17 6 - - 136 17 6

136 17 6 - - 136 17 6

136 17 6 80 — — 56 17

91 5 — - - 9* 5 —

91 5 — 5o — - — 41 5 —

9* 5 — m 9» 5 —

9* 5 — - - 91 5 —

9i 5 — - - 5 —

9» 5 — - - 9i 5 —

73 — — - 73 — —

50 — — - 50 — —

5o — — - - 50 ' — —

5o — — - 50 — —

Do — — - - 50 — - —

50 — — - - 50 — —

9* 5 — 36 10 — 54 15 —

9i 5 — 3t> 10 — 54 15 —

9* 5 — 18 5 — 73 — —

9* 5 ~ 18 5 — 73 — - —

9t 5 — 40 — — 5i 5 —

73 — — 40 — # — 33 — — -

54 15 — 36 10 — 18 5 —

54 15 — 36 10 — 18 5 —

54 *5 ~ 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 *5 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 15 — 36 10 — 8 5 —

54 15 — 36 10 — 18 5 —

54 15 — j8 5 — 36 10 —

54 15 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 15 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 >5 — 18 5 " 36 10 —

54 15 — - 54 )5 —

54 15 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 15 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

36 10 — >8 5 — 18 5 -

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 36 to —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

45 12 6 - - - 45 12 6

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

60 16 8 — 60 16 8

45 12 6 w — 45 12 6

45 12 6 m 45 12 6

60 16 8 60 16 8

£. 3,075 5 to

Tho. Erst, M. Richards, D. Windsor, Edw. Ashe.

Tho. Frankland. John Armstrong,

Ordered,

i Geo. I.

50 Jpril

Ordered, That that the fold Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

Papers re- Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his specting Ne- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direCfc, f’eace*011* That all Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Negotiations of Peace at the Hague in One thousand Seven hundred and Nine; and the Preliminaries negotiated at; together

with the said Preliminaries, and the Ratification of them; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council-

Way, Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the «nd ilcans. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the some was read j and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, upon all Lands, Tenements, add Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of 7ciclc upon Tweed: And that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and Town of Ber-

wick upon 1 weed:And that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Proclamation A Motion being made, That the House will appoint for calling a Day to take , into Consideration his Majesty’s Royal meat!Parlia* Proclamation, of the Fifteenth of January last, for the Calling of a new Parliament;

Resolved, That the said Proclamation be read.

And the same was accordingly read; and is as followed!; viz.

G. R.

IT having pleased Almighty God, by most remarkable Steps of his Providence, to bring us in Safety to the Crown of this Kingdom, notwithstanding the Designs of evil Men, who shewed themselves disaffcCted to our Succession, and who have since, with the utmost Degree of Malice, misrepresented our firm Resolution, and uniform Endeavours, to'preserv and defend our most excellent Constitution both in Church and State; and attempted, by many false Suggestions, to render us suspected to our People; we cannot omit, on this Occasion of first fumtnoning our Parliament of Great Britain (in Justice to ourselves, and that the Miscarriages of others may not be imputed to us, at a time when false Impressions may do the greatest and irrecoverable Hurt before they can be cleared up) to signify to our whole Kingdom, That we were very much concerned, on our Accession to the Crown, to find the publick Affairs of our Kingdoms under the greatest Difficulties, as well in respect of our Trade, and the Interruption of our Navigation, as of the great Debts of the Nation, which, we were surprised to observe, had been very much increased since the Conclusion of the last War. We ' Vot. 18.

do not, therefore, doubt, that if the ensuing Elections shall be made by our loving Subjects with that Safety and Freedom which, by Law, they are intitled to, and we are firmly resolved to maintain to them, they will fend up to Parliament the fittest Persons to redfefo the present Dif-orders, and to provide for the Peace and Happiness of our Kingdoms, and the Ease of our People, for the future; and therein will have a particular Regard to such as (hewed’ a Firmnels to the Protestant Succession, when it was most in Danger: We have, therefore, found it necessary, as well for the Causes aforesaid, as for other weighty Con. siderations concerning us, and our Kingdoms, to call a new Parliament; and we do accordingly declare, That, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to iflu<3 out Writs, in due Form, for the calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Tefe on Monday the Seventeenth Day of this instant January, and to be returnable on Monday the Seventeenth Day of March next following. Given at our Court at St. James's, the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, in the First Year our Reign.

GOD fove the King.

j 134-| 212.

A Moti6n bring made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for U,e Yeas,

Tellers for ,,e Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Question being proposed, That Sir William Windham, having reflected upon his Majesty’s Proclamation, of the l'ifteenth of January last, for calling a new Parliament; and having refused to justifyhis Charge, although often called upon so to do; is guilty of a great Indignity to his Majesty, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

An Amendment was proposed, by inferring, after the Word " Charge," the Word " immediately

The Question was put, That the Word "immediately" be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas* Mr*

.tellers toi the teas,'

rr. , r,1 xt (Mr. Plumptree,

Tellers for the Noes,’Mr Ma/mrd.

130.

208.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Sir William Wyndhamwas heard in his Place. And being called upon to withdraw;

He did not so do.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir William Wyndham do now withdraw;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

{Sir Thomas Lee, i 206

Tellers for the Yeas, J Mr CMmly Tellers for the Noes,$£

127.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And he withdrew accordingly.

Then the Question being put;

Resolved, That Sir William Wyndham, having reflected upon his Majesty’s Proclamation, of the Fifteenth of January last, for calling a new Parliament; and having refilled to justify his Charge, although often called upon so to do; is guilty of a great Indignity to his Majesty, and of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham be, for the said Oft’ence,-reprimanded in his Place by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, with the Return for the Boroughs of Cullen,

Kintore, and Inverurie.

O

A Member to be reprimanded for wordsfpoken.

Elgioe, &c« Ketunu*

Supply Bifl; Laid Tax.

Kennet

Navigation.

Aldborough

Writ

50 5° — 6° Apri A. 1715.

Ordered, That the Cleric of the Crown do attend this House, with the said Return, upon Morning

next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtt, 6° die;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

MR. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Kennet in Berkshire, from Reading.to Newbury, aforesaid, is capable of being

made navigable for Barges, and other Vessels; which, in case the same may be effected, will be of publick Advantage, and tend very much to the Preservation of the Highways, Improvement of Trade, and Increase of Watermen: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River navigable from Reading to Newbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Stonehoi/Je, Mr. Packer, Mr. London, and Mr.

Sloper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Right honourable Mr. Secretary Stanhope, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Cumberland; and also a Burgess for the Borough

of Aldborough, in the County of York; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Cockermouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldborough, in the room of the said Mr. Secretary Stanhope.

Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been paid in, for the First Half-year, of the Land Tax and Window Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and what remains in Arrear of former Years; distinguished under the proper Heads; and of what remains in the Hands of the Receivers; and what is uncolletted; and what are the Causes thereof.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels which have been paid off since the Eighth of August One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, the Time of the Cessation of Arms; by what Order, when dated, and at what Times paid off: And also,

An Abstract of the Complements of and Number of Men monthly borne and mustered on board his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Sea-pay, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Account and Abstract are as follows; viz.

v

Admiralty

Land and Window Tax.

Ships

paid off, kt

i Geo. I.

6* Apri

5*

Admiralty Office, 7 Ak ACCOUNT of his Majesty s Ships and Vessels which have been paid off since thfr 31st March 1715.38th August 1712, the Time of the deflation of Arms; by what Order, when dated, and at what times paid off: Prepared in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address from the honourable House of Commons.

Date of Orders from the Admiralty.

24th April 1712 24th June 8th August -11th -21ft

28th

23th August -

iff September 18th -23d

6th October 7th -

a8th -

15th November

20th -25th -

9th December 1712

16th -17 th -

26th -

31st -

3d January 5th -

9th -3d February 9th

17th -Vol. 18.

Rate, or Nature.

Yacht

5 -4 -

6 -

3 -

6 -

Sloops

Sloop

Advice-Boat

4 -Hulk

4 -

5 -

4 -

5

4

5 -

3 - -

4 -

6 -Store-Ship*

4 -

Fire-Ship Hospital 4 "

Hospital

Fire-Ship

Bombs

3 -

4 -

5

4 -

Names of Ships and Vessels.

Me of Wight -

Guarland -Jersey - -

Speedwell Prize -Cambridge Firme Warfpight Cruizer Delight Diligence Discoroery Lively Margate Otter Swann Drake Happy Hound

Merlin

Swift

Weazle

Express

Rochester -

Content

Oxford

Seveme .-

Bedford Gaily -

Lynn

Norwich -Portsmouth Strombolo -Berwick -Bredah Kent

Swiftfure -Deptford -Falkland -Kingston -Medway -Portland -Sunderland Hastings -Pearle Lenox Leopard -St. Albans Penzance -Fortune -Succejfe

Suffolk Hag-boat Montague Hawke Pembroke -Winchester Hampshire Dalicice -Griffin Carcasse Defiance -Hampton-Court Chatham -Art'undell -Non such -Burlington

When put out of Pay.

) September 1712.

| 9\h August 1712.

12th*

3d 23d qth 13th 24th

15 th November 1712.

120th September 1712.

iff October 1712.

27th September 1712.

24th November 1712.

4th December 1712.

30th} September 1712.

9th June 1714. 30 September 1712, ordered to continue on her former Station; and, 11th May 1714, ordered to be paid off again.

25th } September1712.

22d September 1712.

m°btr '7‘2-

16th March 174-J-2 2d 1

10th \ October 17x2.

13th)

#3d 7

22d \ October 1712.

24th J

11th May 1713.

2d

29th i DeCmbtr 6th Januaty

19 tli} De

4th February 27th November

Member

31 January 12th June 1713. 3d )

20th > Decem 18th

5th January nth May 1713.

>1712.

1712.

2d March 1712.

12th June 1713.

17th January 1712. 8th June 1713.

8th February 1714. 20th May 1713.

16th February 1712.

} '4th

17th June )

13th February 1712.

?«h }M°* ‘7’s-

19th February 1712. 13th October 1713.

Bit*

5*

6® Aprilis.

A. 1715.

Date of Orders from the Admiralty. Rate, 0

18th - -

5 -

6th March - 6 -

7th - 4 -

18th - Bomb

39th April 1713 - 3 -

4 -

5 -

12th June 4 -

17th June 1713 5

2 2d - 4 -

5 -

25th - 3 -

26th ... 5 -

3d July 4 -

10th - -

16th -

18th - -

24th - 3 -

25th - -

27th - 4 -

11 th August - 6 -

38th - Hospital

Bombs

4 -

1 ft September 6 -

3d - - - 3 ‘ ‘

5th - 5 -

7th - - - 4 -

1 i 1 S O*

25th - - - 5 -

6 -

29th. - 3 -

4 -

29th September 1713 Store-Sh

30th - 4 -

5 -

20th November 4 -

18th December 2 -

4 -

22d January 4 -

26th ... Yacht,

30 th April 1714 - 6 -

11 th May 4 -

Names of Ships and Vessels,

Panther -

Chester Poole Tartar Dutrwich -Litchfeild Salamander Boyne Elizabeth -Grafton Somersett Falmouth -Diamond -Roebuck -Salisbury Prize

Sweepjtakes Bonaventure Shoreham -Monmouth HeBor August Salifbwy -Weymouth Centurion -

Northumberland Sterling-Castle -Dartmouth Nottingham Medway- Prize -Suffolk Hag-boat Bajilijke - -Furnace -Tilbury Albrough -Cumberland Yarmouth -Lyme

Dover - -

Dunkirke -Yorke

Enterprixe Tryton's Prize Cornwall -Captain - Lyon

Successe -

Mary

Superbe

Gosport-

Winchelsea

Canterbury

Dreadnought

Gloucester Blenheim -Colchester -Reserve - -IVtn. and Mary Jolly

Guernsey -Ormond -

When put out of Pay.

I7M.

25th May 1714.

22d June 1713.

28th February 1712.

13th May 1713.

2 2d September 7 8th February ]

15th May 5th*)

29th I

5th \ June,

23d I > 171>

6thJ

119th May

9th December 1714. 22d January 1713, ordered to be fitted as a Guard-Ship; and, 28 1714. or-

dered to be paid oft’ again.

30th October 1714.

28 th July *)

16 th October > 1713,

23d July J 21 ft September 1714.

2d October 1713.

3d December 1714.

4th January 1714. 7 21 ft 1713, thele

19th November 1714.3 Ships ordered to be fitted out for Channel Service; and, 2 8th' 1714,

to be paid off.

4 th November7 -15th October 3 25th September 1713.

18th November J 714.

9th October

25th September

1 )1713*

2 2d October 27 th September 9th October 24th September 1714.

3d November 1713.

12th June 1714. 28th October 1713, ordered to fit for Channel Service; and, the nth May 1714, to be paid off. 24th March 171-f-.

4th January 171$. 22d 1713, ordered

to lie Guard-Ship; and, 28 October 1714, ordered to be

paid off.

11 th December)

3d November y

25*} September

12th November 3 25th October 7 16 th November f

22d} September \

4th November 1713.

24th December 1714.

8th December 1714. 23d January 1713, ordered for a Guard-Ship; and, the 28th October 1714* to be paid off.

15th December 1713.

6th September "|

12th October t 1714.

19th November J

16th March 1713-.

2d June )

1 ft November > 1:

4th October )

Date

1713-

1714.

Supply.

i Geo. I.

Date of Orders from the Admiralty.

21 St - -

26 October - -

28 -

28 October 1714

23d December -

24th -

6th ‘January 14th - -

Rate, or Nature,

5 "

6 -

Sloop

4 -

4 -

5 -

6 -

Yachts

5 - -

4

Yacht

6° Apr His*

Names of Ships amd Vessels.

53

Sheerneffe -Royal Anne Gaily -Ludlow Castle - -Charles Gaily. - -

Lowest offe -

Rye -

Glasgow - -

Lizard - - - -Maidstone - -Nezvport - -

Mafy Gaily -Gibraltar -

Sharke - -

Woolwich - -Newcastle -Experiment - -

Saphire - -Fox -

Fubbs - -Peregrine - - -Katharine - - -Isabella - - - -Adventure - - -Looe - - - -Sorlings - -

Bristoll - -

CleaveUmd -

When put out of Pay.

1

7 December 16 November 5 October

%<^j^ept ember

19th Jttly 4th November 1st 7

7 th > June

2d\

18th November 4th January

December

1st December

t5th}‘7i*"uflr-y 30th December 4th February 18th January

}March

29th

21st

( January 26th,}

1714;

Geo. Dodington,

J.

C7ta.

A. St any an,

Baillie.

Admiralty Office, 2d 7 An ABSTRACT of the Complement of and of the Number of Men borne 1715. 3 and mustered on board his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Sea Pay, monthly, in

the Year 1714: Prepared in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address from the honourable House of Commons.

Months. Complement. Numbei r~ Borne.

January - 17,822 14,704

February - 17,678 14,543

March 17,667 14,518

April - - 17,706 14,573

May - - 17,697 14,464

June - - 16,085 , 13,404

July - - 15,810 13,351

August - 16,922 13,661

September - 15,955 13,333

October - 13,026 11,206

November - 10,892 10,378

December - 9,633 9,043

Mustered.

13*381

13.295

13,240

13.230

13,053

12,354

12,310

13,176

12,655

10,392

9,506

8,159

Year.

Complement.

Number of Men.

Borne,

Mustered.

Which, for the -j said 12 Months, I make a Medium f

of ... J

15,573

13,098

12,062

Ordered, That said Account and Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, and the Plantations, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 18.

Orford,

Geo. Dodington,

J. Jennings,

Cha.

A. Stanyan,

Geo. Baillie.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Minorca, Gibraltar, and for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet in the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

P,

1

A Member

reprimanded for Words spoken.

54 7°

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, for the Land Service, be referred to the Confi eration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Half Pay of the Officers and Chaplains, who have served well in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, andonfeveral Expeditions; with what Allowance they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half Pay; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer repotted from the said Committee, That they had made a urther Progress in the Matter to the m referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir William Wyndhamattending in his Place, according to Order;

Mr. Speaker called upon him by his Name (Mr. Speaker litting in the Chair covered); and Sir William Wyndham standing up in his place uncovered, Mr. Speaker lpoke to him to the Effect following;

Sir William Wyndham,

I am to acquaint you, That Yesterday, after you were withdrawn, the House came to this Resolution;

" That Sir William Wyndham, having reflected upon his Majesty’s Proclamation, of the Fifteenth of January " last, for calling a new Parliament; and having refused to justify his Charge, although often called upon so to " do; is guilty of a great Indignity to his Majesty, and " of a Breach of the Privilege of this House."

Sir, The arraigning a Proclamation, issued by his Majesty, for calling this present Parliament; and refilling to assign any Caule, why such Proclamation is blameable; the House thought an Indignity to his Majesty, and so unwarrantable an Use of that Freedom of Speech, which is the undoubted Privilege of Parliament, that the House thought they could not let it^iafs without Animadversion: But, being willing their Moderation should appear, notwithstanding their Lenity has been too much despised and contemned, they have inflicted the mildelt Censure your Offence was capable of; and have commanded me to reprimand you in your Place; and, in Obedience to their Command, I do reprimand you accordingly.

Whereupon Sir William Wyndham said,

Mr. Speaker,

I very truly return my Thanks to you for performing that Duty which is incumbent upon you, from your Office, in so candid and gentleman-like a Manner.

As I am a Member, I know I mult acquiesce in the Determination of the House; but, as I am not confeious to myself of having offered any Indignity to his Majesty, or of having been guilty of any Breach of the Privilege of this House, I have no Thanks to return to those Gentlemen, who, under a Pretence of Lenity, have brought me under this Censure.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Aprilis. A. 1715.

Jovis, 70 die Aprilis;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

ABI LL for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be Supply Bill;

raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was read Land Tax. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the ref|>eftive Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners: And that the -Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Lofteiy Fun4 Majesty, That he will be pleated to direct an Account to Defici*ncy' be laid before this House, of the Deficiency at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen of the yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds of the Ctassis Lottery of Two Millions in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Ditto.

Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct an Account to be laid before this House, of the Deficiency at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen of the yearly Fund of One hundred and Sixty-eight thousand and Three Pounds for the Classis Lottery of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds in the Year One thou-saud Seven hundred and Twelve.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, - Elgin*, Set, with the Return for the Burghs of E Cullen, Election. Kintore, and Inverurie;

The Return was read.

And the Minutes of the Sederunt, taken at Kintore, the Sixteenth Day of February last, at the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Burghs, having been left with the Clerk;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Minutes be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for d* Yeas,

Tellers for ,he Noes, >3*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Minutes were read accordingly; and are as follow; viz.

At Kintore, the Sixteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteenth Years: This being the Day appointed, by his Majesty’s Proclama' tion, for the several Districts of Boroughs in Scotland to elect Members to represent them in the ensuing Parliament; and this being the Place appointed for the District of Elgin, Banff, Cullen, Kintore, and to choose

their Representatives for the preceding Burghs, James Mui'ray Esquire, produced a Commission, bearing Date 1

the Fourteenth Instant, signed by the Provost and Town Council of Kintore, impowering him to vote as their Commissioner for a Member to represent them in the ensuing Parliament; as also John Mark, present Provost of Banff, produced a Commission impowering him to vote

I Geo. I.

7* Aprilil.

S5

for that Town in common Form; as also Captain Alexander Abercromby, of Glaffoch, produced a Commission im-

powering him to vote as Commissioner for the Burgh of Cullin; to which there w*s no Objection made; as also John Ferguson, Ballize of Inverury, produced a Commis-

iion, bearing Date the Eleventh Instant, fully impowering him, as a Commissioner, to vote for that Burgh; as also there was Two Commissions produced for the Burgh of Elgin, bearing both of the Date Fourteenth Instant; the one appointing Archibald D present Provost of Elgin, to be their Commissioner, signed by the Clerk, by the Order of the Town Council, Seal of the Borough appended thereto, in Name of the said Archibald Dunbar, Kenneth M. Kenize, One of the present Ballizes of that

Town, James Charles Dean of Guild, George Junes, of Dunkenlic, John Hay. and James Finlay, Counsellors

there; the other Commission appointing Robert Dunbar, of Grangehill, to be their Delegate, signed by the Town

Clerk, with the Town Seal appended thereto by the Order of the Provost and Town Council, in the Name of the Persons following, subscribing thereto;

Ross, Thomas Craig, Ballizes there; John Gordon, Trea-fnrer; James Anderson, James Lines, John Duff, Janies Duncan, James Warden, Michael Black, Convenees; and James Bannerman, Deacon; all Councilors; being Ten in Number, the Council confuting of Seventeen, whereof Sixteen being present, which is in the Terms of their Commission: The said Robert Dunbar craved, under Form of Instrument, that he might be received as Commissioner for the Town of Elgin to choose a Member for the ensuing Parliament, with the other Towns, by virtue of the above Commission, and the Plurality therein mentioned; and Protests against the Town Clerk of in case

he shall make any Return which is not founded upon this Commission: and the said Archibald Dunbar pro-telts, That his Commission should be received, and he be allowed to vote by virtue thereof, it being the only legal Commission; the other having been procured by Practices forbidden by Law; as to which, and the Objections made against these Practices, and the Commission procured by them, he refers to the Minutes of the Town Council of Elgin, and he protests against the Clerk, That he make no Return founded upon the other Commission, illegal as aforesaid, in regard also that it was objected, that the said Robert Dunbar should not be chosen Delegate, in regard he threatened several of the Members of the Council of that Town, as is more fully contained in the Minutes of the said Meeting, to which he refers: To which it is answered by Robert Dunbar, of Grangehill, That he never was guilty of any undue Practices in procuring the Delegacy of the Town of Elgin; nor that he ever threatened any Members of the Council of Elgin , but that he undertakes to prove, that there was undue Practices used upon the other Side; and that there was Threatenings against several of the Council; and granting, that either Whole or Part of these Objections were true, as they are all false, the Delegate from the other Towns, nor the Returning Clerk, are not the proper Judges; but that his Commission should be received, being signed by the Majority, as above, and the Return made according: In Answer to which, Archibald Dunbar, of Thunderton, repeated his Protestation: James Murray Esquire protested, That no Commission in favour of Robert Dunbar, of Grangehill, could be received as by Authority, the above-mentioned William John Gordon, James Anderson, James Inncs, John Duff, Michael Black, James Bannerman, James Warden, unless it is in order to vote for the said James Murray, becaul'e they were under Obligation so to do, signed under their Hands, at the Twenty-fifth Day of September; which I desire to be read, and answered, as the Ground of my said Protestation: — Our Provost, Dunkcnlie, did, some time ago, signify to several of us his Inclinations of your succeeding him as Provost of that Burgh; and the Proposal was so relishing and well-pleasing, that nothing but insupportable Difficulties could have interrupted our asking the Favour of such a worthy and honourable Countryman to have Vol. 18.

done us the Honour to have accepted of the Trouble of El that Office; but we are so hemmed in by a Set, and such ® Eyes of our common Enemies upon us, as that we would utterly risk a total Depravation of our Council, in case we give them Opportunity, or the least Foundation of a Process, at this Juncture; and we hope this Matter, and the quiet Settlement of this Burgh, is what you will think concerns yourself; and you would not be pleased, that we should give any Occasion or Opportunity to a certain Set of People to reign over us; and therefore it is expected you will weigh our Interest in the same Balance with your own, and not in the leait have any Thought of us, as that we will not, in any thing lies in our Power, contribute for your Interest, especially as to your continuing to your being Member of Parliament for this District of Boroughs; and, in as far as concerns us, we hope, ye will not neglect your own Friends; but will accept an unanimous Vow for you to represent this District in the ensuing Parliament; and you may be allured, and by these we do, as one Man, certify and declare to you, that no Delegate shall go froui this Borough, but such as shall be allured by your own; for we have such fixed Resolutions as to this Matter, which so nearly concerns us and the Nation, that nothing shall (hake us from the same: We wish you good Succels in your good and virtuous Inclination; and we give you hearty Thanks for the Trouble and Pains you were at to l'erve some of our Friends, and we are much honoured: Your most humble Servants, the Provost, Ballizes, and Council, of Elgin; Sicfubferibitur; George Lines, Kenneth MKenize, William Ross, John Gordon, Alexander

'Falconer, James Anderson, James Lines, John Duff, James Redder, Robert Gibson, Michael Black, James Finlay,

James Banneiynan, James Charles, junior,

Warden. Robert Dunbar, of Grangehill, protests against the receiving the Commissions of the Burgh of Kintore and Inverury in favour of the Delegates tiierein named, in respect it does not appear, that the said Councils did take the Oaths requisite by Law before they proceeded to the Nominations of the DelegatesTo which Protestation John Mark for Banff, and Alexander Abercromby for Cullin, adhers; and offers to produce the Extracts of the Acts of the respective Towns, of their having duly qualified before choosing their Delegates: To which it is answered by James Murray Esquire, and Ballize Fergtffon, for the Towns of Kintore and Inverury, That the Members of both the Town Councils did qualify in due Form, according to Law, before they proceeded to choose their Dele-

fates; and that it was never demanded at any former ^leClion for this District of Boroughs, that the Oaths signed by the Counsellors should be produced, else they should have come prepared to have it; and makes the same Objection against Cullin and Banff: The Delegates for Banff and Cullin opposes their Acts of their respective Councils in the Clerk’s Hands, for verifying the Premises: — After all which, the Delegate took the Oaths required by Law, and subscribed the lame. — It was agreed, whoever should be chosen Member of Parliament for this District, should serve upon his own proper Charges: After which, they proceeded to Election; and the Candidates were, James Murray Esquire, and Colonel John Campbell younger, of Mamore; and the Poll stood thus:

For James Murray Esquire; For Colonel John Campbell; James Murray, for Kintore, Robert Dunbar, for Elgin, Archibald Dunbar, for Etgin, John Mark, for Banff,

John Ferguson, for Inverury. Alexander Abercromby, for

Cullin.

And it appearing, by thfe Poll as above, that the Votes by the Two Candidates was equal, the said James Murray Esquire, as Commissioner for Kintore, and Prefes of the said Meeting, did take the Calling Vote to himself, as allowed by Law to himself; which plainly makes a Majority in his favour: And he does protest, that the Clerk of Kintore, and the Sheriff of Aberdeenshire, may return him as Member chosen for the said District of Boroughs upon the Majority above-mentioned, as is directed by Act of Parliament; thereupon took Instruments: In Answer to

which,

tlgine, &c, Election.

Thirfke

Writ.

7° — 8’ Aprilis. A. 1715.

which, John Mark and Alexander protests

against the returning of James , either by the

Clerk or Sheriff of Aberdeen, for the Reasons of the Pro-testation above taken by Robert , as Delegate

from Elgin, and the said John Mand cromby; and that no Regard ought to be had to the Commission produced by Archibald Dunbar, of and consequently can be no Place for taking

the decifing Vote for himself: and therefore the said Robert Dunbar, John Mark, and Alexander Abercromby, protests for all Costs, Skaith, and Damage, against the Clerk of Kintore, and Sheriff of Aberdeen, in case they shall return any other than the said John Campbell, for whom they have voted: To which it is answered, That the Proteflation is most incongruous; for the Meeting received both Commissions from Elgin before they proceeded to vote, without presuming to determine between them; which gave an Occasion for the Prefes’ Casting Vote, which cannot be disputed; and therefore the said James Murray protests, that the returning Officers do return him as the Member elected by the Majority, in the Terms of Law, upon their Peril: To which it is replied. That Robert Dunbars Commission and Proteflation, to which John Mark and Alexander Abercromby adhered by James Murray Esquire, the Commission produced by Archibald Dunbar, and the Protestations made by him, to which the Commissioners of ‘Kintore and Invcrury adhered, as sufficient to cast the other Commission alleged upon: After which, James Murray, Prefes of the said Meeting, and Mr. George Scot, Clerk to the Town of Kintore, signed these Minutes, in Presence of the other Commissioners; and ordered Extracts to be given to all concerned, if required. Sic subscribitur, James Murray, Prefes; Mr. George Scot, Clerk. This is the true Extract of the Minutes of the said Meeting, extracted by me

' M. Scott, Clerk.

After which, Mr. Murray was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the honourable James Murray Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess for the Burghs of Bantf , Cullen,

Kintore, and Inverurie-,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

til.

C Mr. Foley, t Mr.

Tellers for the Noes J Mr-

1 eucis for the woes, Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Campbell, of Mamore, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess for the said Distrifil of Burghs.

And the Clerk of the Crown attending in the House;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do now amend the Return for the said Distrifil of Burghs, by rafing out the Name of the Honourable James Murray Esquire, and infcrling the Name of John Campbell, of Mamore, Esquire, instead thereof.

And he amended the Return accordingly.

Ordered, That the honourable James Murray Esquire, have Liberty to Petition the House within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit, in relation to the Elefilion for the said Distrifil of Burghs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Praties.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

14

for the Borough of Thir/ke, in the County of York, in the room of Thomas Frankland Esquire, who, fiuce l.is Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries of his Majesty’s Ordnance Stores.

Mr. Edward Hopkins presented to the House, accord- Hopkins'* ing to Order, a Bill to impower the Barons of the Court quafowng of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme of 101 1U*‘ the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office, or Offices, of Searcher,

Packer, and Guager, in the Port of Dublin: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole Iionfe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow M01 ning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refblve itself into aCommittee of the whole 1 louie, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That John Popham Esquire, have Leave to tt’inchrfter withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election Election, for the City of Winchester.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the honourable James Murray have Kinn>|* Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election. Elefilion for the Shire of Kinross.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding on the said Petition.

Ordered, That the capital Burgesses, and other Freemen, Inhabitants within the Borough of Aldburgh, in the County of Suffolk, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Elefition for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Aldburgh

Election.

The Lord William Porwlet, being chosen a Citizen for Uminctoo

the City of Winchester; and also a Burgess for the Borough 'Vrit-of Limington, in the County of Southampton; made his

Elefilion to serve for the City of JWinchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for elefiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament ibr the said Borough of Limington, in the room of the Lord William Pow/et.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Land Tax. an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land 'lax in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had direfiled him to move,. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, . 1

i Geo. I. 8® — 90 — 11* 57

Rejoined, That tins House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself int<i a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N iue of the Clock.

Sabbatiy g° die Aprilis;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Kennet QIR John Stonehouse presented to the House, accord-Vavigation. |>j ing tQ Order, a Bill to make the River

navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks: And the same was received.

Privilege — A Petition of Charles , Mayor of Cambridge,

,n *n Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, tition/for* ^or refilling to obey an Order of the Committee of discharge. Privileges and Elections, for permitting Samuel Shepheard junior, and John Jenmgsyxtmt, Esquires, or their Agents, to inspect the Records, Charters, and publick Books and Writings, of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Order of this honourable House, the Petitioner was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for refuting to obey an Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Samuel Shepheard junior, and John Jenyns junior, Esquires, or their Agents,' to inspect the Records, Charters, SCc. of the said Town: That the Petitioner is ferry that he is fallen under the Displeasure of this House, and begs Pardon of your Honours, for the said Offence: but in regard he is incapable, while in Custody, of obeying the said Order; and that not only his private Concerns, but the Affairs of the said Town, require his being in the Country: And praying. That your Honours will be pleased to order him to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Charles Chambers be brought to the Bar of this House on Monday Morning next, in older to his Discharge.

Supply. Mr. Fairer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow;

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed Nine thousand Nine hundred Fifty-six Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and for his Majesty’s Plantations in America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, over and above the Twelve Companies of Invalids, and Three Independent Companies in North Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred twenty-five thousand Nine hundred Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and his Forces in America, and the Twelve Companies of'Invalids, and Three Independent Compa- nies in North Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

R Joined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand Seven hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrison in Minorca, lor the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand One hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for main-

Vol. 18.

taining his Majesty’s Forces and G arri son At Gibraltar, for the "Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Nine hundred and Twelve Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining the Three Regiments in Flanders, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Simon Harcourt and Philip Herbert, Aylesbury Esquires, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, com- Election, plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Richard Jones and Charles Tucker, Old Swum Esquires, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, com- El*8ion. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Francis Swanton, Thomas Lambert,

Esquires, and Nicholas Elliot Gentleman, have Leave to withdraw’ their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Old Sarum.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to makp a Motion, it being past Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mufteis; and the Land for the better payment of the Army, and Quarters: And ^orcts‘ that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, pur- Papers re-suant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, all fp*&>"g N«-the Powers, Instrufitions, Memorials, letters, and Papers, peace!°n or relating to the late Negotiation of Peace and Commerce, and to the Cessation of Arms: Which he delivered in at the Clerks Table, in Twelve Volumes, bound up, and numbered; and Three other small Books.

Rejoined, That the said Books and Papers be referred to a Committee.

Rejoined, That the said Committee be a Committee of ’ Secrecy.

Rejoined, That the Number of the said Committee be One-and-twenty.

Rejoined, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of One-and-twenty Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Books do remain with the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now are, until the said Committee be chosen.

The laid Books

Lunce> ii° die Aj

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Tho. Pelham reported from the Committee, to TempU’s.Ac.

whom the Bill to impower the Barons of the Court qualifying of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme for Office-

Persons in England lo administer to Henry Temple Esquire, and Lake King Gentleman, the usual Oaths lor the due

Q Execution

boo? le

Kennet

Navigation.

Privilege — a person reprimanded and dtfw charged.

Committee of Secrecy.

Ways and Means.

Lieicfter County Return.

58

1111* — -13°

Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once reiad throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And also several Witnesses were examined against him.

And then the said William and the Witnessbs,

withdrew.

Resolved, That William Ba, Under-Sheriff of the County of Leicester, having neglected to return Two Knights of the Shire to serve rn Parliament for the said County by the Seventeenth Day of March, being the Day of the Meeting of this present Parliament, is guilty of great Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said William Baresby be, for the said Offence, committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from And then the House adjourned till To-morro>v

Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was read Morning, Nine of the Cloek.

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second, time.

The Mayor of Cambridge was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of One-and-twenty Persons Names, to be a Committee of Secrecy, being read;

Martisy 12* die Aprilis;

Anno i? Georgii Regis, 1715.. Prayers.

f \ R D E R E D, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of NewIVindfor, in the County of Berks, be received upon ThursdayMorning next.

New Wind for Election.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this And then the House adjourned Till Tomorrow

House do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and Morning Nine of the Clock.

Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House. ——

And he went accordingly.

And being returned*; Mercurtiy I £ die Aprilis J

The Clerk and Clerk-Assistant went on each Side the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names to be the said Committee.: And the fame, being received, were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts:

And it is referred to Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Treby, Mr. Earl, Mr. Craggs, Mr.

Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Addijon, Mr. Cowper, Sir Rickard Steel, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Diston, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Sir John Hobard, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. Yonge, Sir Char. Hot ham, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Snell, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Strickland, Lord Pagett, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho.

Sir Tho. Crojfe, Mr. Shippen, Sir JVillo. Hickman, Mr. Foley, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Windsor, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Eyles, Mr. London, Mr. Ash, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lade, Mr. Hill, Mr. Heron, Mr. Gayer, Sir IVm. Wyndham,

Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Bristow, Sir Edward Turner,

Mr. Drake, Mr. Sclater, Mr. Monro, Mr. Wrightson,

Sir Nich.Morice, Sir Copleston Warw. Bampfylde: And

they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chambef, and to examine the said Lifts; and report upon which Oue-and-twenty Persons Names the Majority falls.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. William Baresby, the Under-Sheriff of the County of Leicester, attending, according to the Order of the Twenty-fourth Day of March last;

He was brought in to the Bar:

And the Return made by him for the said County was again read:

Then the said Mr. Baresby was heard; and afterwards produced several Witnesses: Who were examined on his behalf;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers. 1

THE House being informed. That the Agents for Land! And Taxes attended, according to Order; Window Tax.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of what Money has been paid in for the First Half-year of the Land Tax and Window Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen j and what remains in Arrear of former Years; distingukhed under the proper Heads; and of what remains in the Hands of the Receivers; and what is uncolle&ed; and what are the Causes thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to impower the Barons of the Court of Exche- Hopkins's quer in Jr eland to grant a Commission to feme of the Ba- qualifying for roils of the Court of Exchequer in England to administer Office, to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the uliial Oaths for the due Execution of the Office, or Offices, of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq Mr. London,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Earl, Mr, BMr. Deane, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Ashe, Sir John Cope, Mr. Sir Ri-

chard Onslow, Mr. Bise, Sir Hen.Hoghton, General Erie,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sti'icklanil, Mr Mr. West,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. , Mr. Ward,

Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Colmore, Lord Finch, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Hinchinbroke, Mr.

Stanion, Sir Richard Steel, Sir Edward Ernie And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, That all Persons here, in Great Britain, who have Offices in Ireland, may qualify themselves here, for the Execution of their said Offices.

An

Temple's, &c. qualifying for Office.

Mitcham

Laud-Tax.

Committee fiif Secrecy.

I GlO. I. 130 — 14 0 dprilis59

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commissionto some Persons in England to adminiuer to Henry Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, - was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the hill do pass-: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in' Ireland to grant a commission to some Persons

in England to administer to Henry Temple Esquire^ and Luke King Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do1 carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

A Petition of federal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was prelected to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of King William and Queen Mary, for granting an Aid of Four Shillings in the Potted, whereof the County of Surrey was charged with Sixty-seven thou land and Fourteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpeny, for the ensuing Year, That the said Parish of Mitcham was charged Six hundred and Six Pounds for the same Year, in respect of some Inhabitants there, who had large personal Estates j and most of them have 4nce removed out of the said Parish, and others have either laid out great Part of their personal Estates in the Purchase of Lands, or otherwise greatly lessened the fame; and that by xeafon thereof, though the Lands, 8$c. within the said Parish, and the Inhabitants, were rated full Two Shillings in the Pound for Ihe last Year; and that there was a great Deficiency supplied by a Re-assessment, whereby the Houses and Landb were constrained to pay Two Shillings and Six Pence ini the Pound; and liiatfeveral Persons of Substance defigm to leave the said P&rHh, if Redeejs cannot be obtained: And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill f6r granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Landl-Tax ki Great Britain, is committed.

Ordered, That Hr be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Qanfe for the Petitioners Relief.

Mr. Bladen reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Lists of One-and-twenty Persons, to be the- Committee of Secrecy, resolved upon by the House; and report upon whom the Majority fell; That the Majority had fallen upon the One-and-twenty Persons following , viz.

Sir Richard. Onslow Baronet - - 258

Robert Walpole Esquire - - 257

Spencer Cowper Esquire - - 257

James Stanhope Esquire - - 256

Hugh Bofcawen Esquire - - - 256

William Pultney Esquire - - 256

Nicholas Lechmere Esquire - - 255

Darnel Lord Finch - - - 253

John Ai/laby Esquire - - 253

Thomas Vernon Esquire, of Worcestershire - 253

Algernon Earl of Hertford - - 252

Edward Worthy M Esquire - - 252

Sir David Dalrimple Baronet - - 252

George Bailie Esquire Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight - m - 252

- - 251

Thomas Erie Esquire -r - 249

Richard Hampden Esquire Sir Robert Marsham Baronet - - 249

- 248

Alexander Denton Esquire - - - 247

Thomas Bitt senior, Esquire - 246

Thomas Lord Conmgeby Vo u 18. m - 245

An Objection being made to Sir Joseph Jekylts being of the said Committee, be having not taken the Oaths at the Table;

And the Question being put. That Sir Joseph being a Member of this House, was capable of being chosen of this Committee, although he has not been sworn at the Clerk’s Table;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } «5-

Teners for the Noes, { £ g$SS?t } 7-

So it was-resolved-in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Books and Papers which were ordered to remain in the Custody of the Clerk till this Committee was chosen, be delivered to the find Committee: And that they do examine the fame; and report to the House what they find material in them: And that they, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon: And they are to fit dedie in diem.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

The House divided.

The Yeai go forth.

Tetters for the Yeas, { { 3«-

Tellers for, he Noes, { } 95.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of toe whole House,

to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in toe Negative.

And then the House adjoumed'till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Aprttis;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Pultney, Secretary at War, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of several Expences incurred and not provided for by Parliament And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Aw

Supply.

Supply Bill; Land Tax*

Ways and Means*

Committees

Expences not provided for*

Demolition of Dunkirk.

60

14° Aprilis*

A. 1715

An ACCOUNT of several Expences incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

The Charge of the Seven Battalions which came last from Flanders from 30th September 1714 (they being provided for but to Michaelmas)to 24 follow-

ing, both inclusive; at which time they were reduced to the Numbers on the Establishment of Ireland-, viz. The Royal Regiment, Two Battalions -

Lieutenant General Webb's Regiment -

Earl of Forfar's Regiment - > -

Major-General Hill's -

Earl of Orrery's -

Brigadier Sutton's -

The Charge of the said Regiments from 25th October Foot / 1714, to 24th December following, both inclusive;

the Royal Regiment consisting, according to the Reducement, of 890 Men, and the other Regiments of 445 Men each, Officers included

The Charge of the said Regiments from 25th De-cembei' 1714, inclusive, to 25th March 1715, exclusive; at which time they were transferred to the Establishment of Ireland - -

The Charge of the Three Battalions now in Flanders from 30th September 1714, to 24th December following, both inclusive; they being likewise provided for but to Michaelmas last;

(Colonel IlarriJ'on's Regiment - -

Foot. \ Lord North and Grey's -

(Brigadier Stern's -

Numbers.

1,338

613

613

669

613

613

3,115

66 o 613 613

1,895

The Charge of the Officers Servants of the several Regiments in Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th June 1713, to 24th December 1714, both inclusive, being One Year and a Half; viz.

For the Royal Regiment of Fufiliers, Colonel Philips's, Major-General Whet hams, and Lieutenant-General Sankey's Regiments, in Minorca For Major-General Pearce's, the Earl of Barymore's, and Lieutenant-.. General Meredith's Regiments, in

For Bounty-money to the disbanded Men of the several Companies of the Regiments of Orkney, Hill, Forfar, Webb, , and Sutton, to

reduce their.Numbers to the Establishment of Ireland-, being 14 days Subsistence to bach Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier; with an Allowance of Three Shillings to each for their Swords (the Serjeants excepted), pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant The like Allowance to the disbanded Men of Colonel Dfley's Regiment, to reduce their Numbers to the said Establishment of Ireland, pursuant to the same Warrant - -

To the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Chelsea, Anno 1715, upon Account -

£. s. d.

4,459 5,746 — 1.0

3,115 11,226 10 10

4,676 5 4 3,507 4 —

447 6 —

20 14 —

I-

16,972 11 8

16,552 io — 33,525 1 8

8,461 13 8

8,183 9 4

468 -

50,638 4 8

- 20,000 — —

£ 70,63s 4 8

N. B. There will be an Exceeding in the Half-Pay above what was granted, by reason of the additional Lift, and the Full Pay to Detachments of Invalids, satisfied out of the Half-Pay Money; But it cannot appear how much the same amounts to, until the Account of Savings, under this Head, by several Officers being either dead, or provided for, is made up.

Wm.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, Memorials and Papers of the Proceedings relating to the Demolition of Dunkirk; and the Lift of them: And Ifo,

An Account of the'Proceedings at the Courts of the Aflientoaod

South-Sea Company, relating to the and South-Sw

Sea Trade. Tratie'

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, Papers,

Account, be referred to the Committee of Secrecy.

The laid Memorials, Papers, and Account,

and

are

Mr.

Regulating the Land Forces.

Paterson's Claims on Equivalent.

i Geo. I. Aprilis. i

Mr. Pultcneypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be react a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of Wm.Paterson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by the Fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union it is agreed, That, next after the necessary Allowance for any Losses which private Persons may sustain by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, the capital Stock, or Fund of the African and Indian Company of Scotland, advanced, together with the Interest for the said capital Stock, after the Rate of £!] per Cent, per Annum, from the respective Times of the Payment thereof, shall be paid; upon Payment of which capital Stock and Interest, it is agreed the said Company be dissolved, and cease: That, loon after passing the Treaty of Union by the Parliaments of both Kingdoms, the Parliament of Scotland, by an Act, intituled, Act concerning the Payment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to the African Company, did limit and restrict the Payment of such Interest at £.5 per Cent, per Annum to the ift Day of May 1707 then next following; and the whole Sums of Principal and Interest to be paid to the Creditors and Proprietors of the Joint-Stock of the said Company, to the gross Sum of £. 232,884. 5 s.o-^d. only; appointing the Directors of the said Company, or any Five of them, with their Secretary, to state the Account of such Debts and Stock advanced; but so as, in the Whole, not to exceed the said grols Sum of £.232,884. 5s. o \d.on or before the said First Day of May, on Pain of Letters of Horning; in which Proceedings, the Petitioner’s Claim and Demand upon the said Company was omitted; That, by an Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-Money, it is particularly declared and enacted, That no Omission or Neglect of the Directors of the said Company, or of others concerned in Hating, adjusting, or certifying, the Claims or Demands upon the Equivalent, shall prejudice the Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the Petitioner in and upon the said Company; but that the several Sums due to him by the said Company shall be certified, and thereupon fully satisfied and paid, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, as the same shall be proved before the Judges of die Court of Exchequer in Scotland: That, by the Proofs since made before the said Judges, pursuant to the above-recited special Direction (a Certificate whereof is hereunto annexed) it appears, that the Petitioner hath not received the Considerations stipulated in and by his First Contrafts and Agreements with the said Company, nor had Satisfaction for his further and other Services, Expences, and Losses, for and on their Account: And praying such Relief as in your great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Exchequer-Chamber, Edinburgh, 171-f.

And whereas it appears, That the Accounts of the Stock advanced, and Debts due, by the African and Indian Company of Scotland, have been made up without Re-

Strd i to the Claim of Wm. Paterson Esquire, for his xpences, Pains, and Losses, on Account, and at the Instance, of the said Company; Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Omission or Neglect of the Directors of the said Company, or of others concerned in stating, adjusting, or certifying, the Claims or Demands upon the Equivalent, shall prejudice the Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the said in and upon

the said Company; but that the several Sums due to him by the said Company shall be certified, and thereupon fully satisfied and paid, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, as the same shall be proved before the aforesaid Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland. And in regard that, since the making of the first Contrafts and Vo 1. 18.

Agreements, the said Wm. Paterson hath been at further Expences, and sustained olher Losses and Damages, for and on account of the said Company; Be it therefore further Enacted, That the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall and are hereby required to take an Account of those his Expences and Losses, and likewise of his good Services and publick Cares, and make a full and fair Representation thereof to her Majesty: And, to the end the more full and free Inquiries may be made, and Information had of the Premises, the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall and may, from time to time, direct their Commission, or Commissions, to any Commissioner or Commissioners within this Kingdom of Great Britain, or Dominions or Territories thereunto belonging, for taking the requisite Examinations, or Informations, to the Purposes aforesaid; and for reporting the same to the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: That, after passing the said Act of Parliament, viz. in the Months of June and July 1708, the Petitioner made his humble Application to this Court; upon which Application, the Court was pleased to give Orders and Directions: That, upon such Order, James Dunlop and John Symmer, Accountants to the said Company, did, on the 2d Day of July 1708, lay before this Court a State of the Petitioner’s Accounts of Debt and Credit; which was by the said James Dunlop and John Symmer sworn unto, before Mr. Baron Maitland, upon the 5th Day of August then next following: That Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, late Secretary to the said Company, did, by like Order, on the 83d Day of the same Month of July, lay before this Court a Report, with Extracts out of the Re-: gifter-Books of the said Company, relating to the Petitioner’s Claim; which was sworn unto by the said Mr. Mackenzie, before Mr. Baron Scrope, on the 29th Day of the said Month of July; the Originals of which Reports, and Extracts out of the Register-Books and Books of Accounts of the said Company, are now in the Hands of Paul Jo dr ell Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons; to which honourable House the Petitioner hath since been obliged to apply for Relief: That, towards being still the better enabled to examine Witnesses, and bring his Proofs together, the Petitioner did, in Michaelmas .....1710, exhibit a Bill in this Court against the Commissioners of the Equivalent, her then Majesty’s Lord Advocate, and Lord Clerk Register: That, upon Interrogatories in relation to the Matter of the said Bill, the Depositions of Mr. Roderick Mackenzie were taken on or about the 30th Day of December following, together with the like Extracts directly from the said Company’s original Register-Books: That it appears from the before-mentioned Proofs, that the Petitioner hath been at great Expence and Pains, and sustained very considerable Losses, in the Service of the late African and Indian Company of Scotland; and that it doth not appear, that he hath received the Two per Cent. Premium stipulated in the Preamble or Conditions of Subscriptions, marked N° 1. in the above-mentioned Extracts out of the Register-Books of the said Company, or had other Satisfaction for his said Expences, Pains, and Losses, only that the Sum of £.435. 155. i-j-d. with the Interest thereon from the 7th of November 1701, remains in his Hands: That die many Obstructions, and long-continued Hardships, that the Petitioner hath hitherto laboured under in the Matter of obtaining his Right upon the said Company, do now indispensably oblige him again to make his humble Application to this Court: The Petitioner humbly prays their Lordships to make such Report, or Representation of the said Proofs, as they, in their Wisdom and Justice, shall judge proper for his Relief.

Upon Consideration whereof, and of the Proofs made in this Court upon the Matters therein let forth, since, both at the time when the Company, in the said Petition mentioned, was beginning to be formed, and after it w’as carried into a Settlement, it was intended by those interested therein, that the Petitioner should have aconliderable Recompence for his extraordinary Services, in projecting the said Company, and carrying on the Interests thereof; as, by the particular Proposals made for that Purpose,

R fully

TCennet

Navigation.

Privilege.

6l 140 Aprilis. 1715.

fully appears, though they were never perfected, or carried into an Execution; we are of Opinion, That the Petitioner had a just Right to have had the said intended Recompence made good to him out of the Equivalent-money appointed to make good the Losses of the Persons concerned in the said Company: And, since he hath been, excluded from any Share thereof, and also in regard that he hath been very instrumerital in carrying on other Matters of a publick Nature, which seem to us to have been very much for his Country’s Service, we think it just and reasonable, that some Way should be found out to give him that Recompence for his said Services, which he appears to have merited, and of which he hath hitherto been disappointed of.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Campbell, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Difi on, Mr. Forefier , Mr. Heysham, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Monro, Mr. Hampden, Mr. London, Mr. Hunger-ford, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir jRMr. Earle, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Hotham, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Law/on, Mr. Bertie, Mr Brodrick, Mr Sir Richard

Faring ton, Mr. Cuningham; and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord vingsby, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Bifs, Mr. London, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Tench, Mr. Lade, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Tho. Samwell, Sir Richard Farrington, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Laufon, Major General Pepper, Mr. Bertie, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Ward, Lord Castlecomer, Sir Richard Hozc, Mr. Smithson, Sir Edward Wil

Mr. Monro, Mr. Hyde, Earl of Hertford, Mr. Meyrick, Mr Jenings, Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Eden, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Lord Down, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. HungerJord, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. New-land, Mr. Conyers; and all that serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ordered, That tire Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege, committed against Hugh Cholmly Esquire, a Member of this House, be now received.

Mr. Hampden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which Report he j;ead in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Re-]3ort and Resolution are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Complaint, That Robert Parker and others bad entered upon the Pofiession of Richard Clowder, Tenant to Hugh Cholmly Esquire, a Member of this House:

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the said Complaint; and heard Counsel for and against the Persons complained of

Richard Clowder said, That he holds from Mr. Cholmly a Wood at Sydenham, in Kent, for which he has paid his Rent to Mr. Cholmly, and hisTrufiees, Sixteen Years; and that, upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March last, the said Robert Parker came, with John Kither, a Sheriff’s Bailiff, and turned him out of Pofiession.

John Kither said, That Mr. Parker employed him to take the Pofiession; which he did by virtue of a Warrant f rom the Sheriff of Kent, brought to him by Mr. Parker, who went with him to take the Pofiession;

18

That the Warrant is dated the Twenty-fourth Day of March last; and is in Execution of a Judgment in Ejectment, obtained by Default upon the Demise of the said Robert Parker.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee cams to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Parker, having, upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March last, entered upon, and taken Possession of, a Wood at Sydenham, in the County of Kent, then in Possession of Richard Clowder, Tenant to Hugh Cholmly Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Robert Parker be, for the said. Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks, and the Reta-

lutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: And the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Henry Afihurst Baronet, and Samuel Travers Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of C Wren and Robert

Gayer, Esquires, for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the In* habitants of the Borough paying Scotland Lot.

That the Poll was thus;

For Mr. Wren, 141. For Sir Hen. Ashhurst, 136.

Mr. Gayer, 137. Mr. Traversr, - '135.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to 23 of the Sitting Members Voters; viz.

Five, as no Inhabitants of the Borough, or not rated there:

Seven, living the re by Certificates from other Parishest

Two, receiving Charity:

Nine, influenced by Bribery, and indirect Practices:

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of Christopher Clark and James Poole, and by the Certificates produced by them. That Seven Persons, viz. Charles Sandys, Thomas Frazier, Jojep Standen, Michael and Thomas Carter, John Wyat, and John were no Inhabitants of the Borough, but lived there by Certificates only.

That the Five objected to by the Petitioners Counsel, as not being Inhabitants, were, Peter Stiles, Arnold Allen, Dr. Dawfin, John Bender, and Thomas El-ford: To which the Petitioners Counsel called,

Christopher Clark: Who said, That Peter Stiles lives at Sydenham, in the Parish of Burnham; but has a Malt-house in Windsor, and a little House belonging to it; has Servants there; and is rated to Church and Poor:

That Arnold Allen lives at Uxbridge; his Dwelling-house is there; but has a House and Servants at j

and is rated there:

That Dr. Dawson is rated to the Poor since the Election, hut was not before.

Mr. James Grape said, That John Bender, in One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, appealed to the Justicesto be discharged from paying the Rate, because of his Poverty.

The same Witness produced an Order of the last Session, Fourteenth May One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: Which was read; viz.

" That John Bender and Hercules Hill be discharged from paying to the Poor, upon their Complaint; and in respect of their Poverty."

He

New Windsor Eie&iom

i Geo. I.

He said, That Balder is charged in the Poors Books; but not eroded as paid: And that foine time before the Election, Bender came to the Town-Hall, and desired to be excused from paying the Window-Tax, by reason of his Poverty.

Thomas Mafonproduced the Books for the Poors Rate

for One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; none of which are paid by Bender, because he pleaded Poverty: That since Interest was making for this Election, Bender voluntarily paid the Rates made since May last; but not any Arrears of former Years.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. William Sutton, Collector of the Land Tax, That Mr. Thomas Elford declared to lum, That he commenced an Inhabitant at St. Thomas's Day last; and refilled to pay the Land Tax due before that time.

That the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add to their Poll Thomas lVinwood: And called,

Richard Hope: Who said, That Winwood has a Tenement within the Borough, for which he is rated: That he lies sometimes there, and sometimes at his Fathers, who lives in the Borough: That he offered to vote for the Petitioners, but was refused.

John Crockford and Robert Browne were objected to,

as receiving Charity: And,

That it was proved by Mr. , That not long before the Election, each of them received Mr. Reeves's Charity, which is a Twelve-penny Loaf distributed to poor People.

That the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to prove Bribery, and indirect Practices, on behalf of the Sitting-Members:

That it appeared, by the Evidence of Mrs. Lyford, John Harris, Daniel Philips, and John Herring, That Mr. James Browne, Mr. Newton, and several others, gathered a Mob in the Town, who insulted the Petitioners as they were making their Interest: And they apprehended, that Mischief might have infued, if the Constables had not prevented it.'

Mrs. Lyford farther said, That Colonel Floyer told her, He would ruin her Husband, if it colt him One hundred 'Pounds, unless he voted for Mr. Gayer.

William Cock said, That Dr. Brown, of the Castle, by the Duke of Northumberland's Direction, aflted his Vote lor the Sitting-Members; and said, The Church was in great Danger if he did not vote for those Gentlemen: And that, about Four Days before the Election, Mr. Alildmay mad Mr. Fashion, the Duke’s Gentleman and Steward, came to him, and told him, The Duke’s Servants should not coops to his House of he would not vote for the Sitting- Members; that he voted for the Petitioners; that the Duke’s Servants came constantly to his House before the Election, hut have not been there since.

Thomas Rowland laid, That on the Day of the King’s Entry, at which time Interest was making for this Election, an Ox was roasted; and the Materials for building a Shed were the King’s, and furnished by Mr. James Brown, Clerk of the Works:

That several Workmen belonging to the Works, particularly Arnold Thompson Joiner, Robert Spencer Carpenter, James Holmes Plumber, and feveFal ethers, were continued in the Call-Books, and charged to the King; although allowed towork at the same time at Mr. Fifty's, and several other Places; and that since the canvassing for the Ekction, Thomas Whitby, though decrepit, and not able to do a Day’s Work, was taken into the King’s Works: That Daniel Hind has been charged in the Call-Books for the King’s Works a Twelvemonth; though he did no Work there during that time: That the several Workmen thus allowed voted for the Sitting-Members: The Witness said, That he was Foreman to the Master-Carpenter of the Works, and was turned out for not voting for the Sitting-Members; but is since made Master-Car-penter, by a Warrant from the Duke of Kent.

John Aldridge said, That Philip Hind told him, He always designed to vote for Sir Henry Ashhurfi; but at Christmas told him, That he believed he could not serve Vo l. 18.

63

him, because the Duke of Northumberland bad given NV[e'fiDdfor him a Trumpet in the Guards; and, if his Grace laid an °* Obligation upon him, he could not vote for Sir Henry Ashhurfi: And that he voted for the Sitting-Members.

Henry Afon said. That the Duke of Northumberland is Steward of Windsor: That at the Election he fat upon the Bench with the Mayor; but that his Grace did not say or do any tiling.

That the Sitting-Members Counsel infilled, That Certificate-Men have always voted at Elections in this Borough, and have a Right to vote:

.To support the Certificate-Men objected to, they called,

Thomas Brownlow: Who said, That Charles Sandys rents Ten Pounds per Annum; and that it is Mr. Top-hams Eftafce.

Mr. Topham, being examined, laid, This Estate con-fists of Two small Gardens, which are his, and are left for Five Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum to the Widow Pocock, upon a Lease for One-and-twenty Years.

Thomas Brownlcwe laid. That Thomas Carter served Tythingman in Windsor the last Year:

That Thomas Winwood has no House, is charged for a Barn, and pays the Rate.

That it was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel, That John Crockford and Robert Browne, who received Reeves's Charity, paid Scotland Lot; and that John Man and James Brighton, who voted for the Petitioners, are Certificate-Men.

To add John French to the Sitting-Members Poll,

Richard Burk said, French has a Lodging-Room over his Shop, for which he is rated: But the Witness said.

He never knew French had a Bed there: That he offered to vote for the Sitting-Members, but was refused; and that he had been refuted at former Elections.

Mr. Piejley said, That Certificate Men have always voted at Windsor without Objection; and they did so at

-this Election:

That his House belongs to the 13 poor Knights of the Royal Foundation, who have covenanted to repair it:

That it has been repaired by the Crown; and, being very much out of Repair, he applied to the Lords of the Treasury, who seemed to consent to it, by ordering an Estimate to belaid before them; and that he has advanced Money for the Repairs, expeCling to be repaid it.

That the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to Four of the Petitioners Voters, as not being Inhabitants; vis.

Joseph Huddle, Lawrence Sexton, Francis Thompson, and Abraham Jagger: And called,

Thomas Brownlow: Who said, That Mr. Huddle, Mr.

Sexton, and Mr. Thompson, follow the Court; have Houses in Windsor;are there sometimes; and are all

charged to the Poor.

Abraham Goldsmith laid, Jagger lives in Datchet-lane, within the Borough; has a House and Malt-house at Windsor, where he lives sometimes, but is chiefly at his Mother’s at Eaton; and that he has lett One Half of his House.

That the Sitting-Members Counsel proceeded to give Evidence of Bribery, and corrupt Practices, on behalf of the Petitioners: And called,

William Sherwood: Who said, He belongs to Windsor Castle; and that Captain Potts the Deputy-Governor, threatened him, that he should be broke, and his Wife turned out from being Mistrefe of the Charity-School, if he did not vote for the Petitioners: And that Mr. Bret, the Duke of Kent's Steward, about Six Weeks before the Election, told him, the Duke of Kent desired his Vote for the Petitioners; and said, He was neither the King’s Friend, nor the Government’s, if he did not give them his Vote:

This Witness, being crols-examined, laid, That he did vote in the Election; that he is not broke; and that there are Four Governors of the Charity-School.

George Bryers said, That Mr. Saxton told him. He came down about the Election; and said, He believed the Petitioners were Gentlemen well pleasing to the King*

and

14* Aprilis*

64 140 Aprilis. A. 1715.

New Windsor and that he was sent down by Ibme of the best Quality £lertk>u. fa make Interest for them.

Thomas Joy said. That being atked, the Day before the Election, by Mr- Saxton, Mr. Rutter, Mr. and the Duke ot Kent's Secretary, to vote for the Petitioners, he told them, He had promised to be for Mr. and Mr. Gayer; upon which they replied, That if he was ths King’s Friend, he ought to vote for the Petitioners; and that Mr. Saxton, at the time of the Poll, declared, That it was the King’s Desire they should choose the Petitioners:

That Mr. Travers told him, If he was for the King’s Friend, he would vote for the Petitioners.

Robei't Holy day said. One Mr. Burrell told him, He came from the Prince, who gave his Service to him, and desired his Vote for the Petitioners; and said, It might be the Means to get him a Place at Court: He voted for the Sitting-Members.

Joseph Standensaid, Mrs. brought him Four

Shillings and Sixpence, and said. It was not Mr. Travers's Money; but, after, acknowledged it was: And, some time afterwards, Mr. Travers told him, He hoped he had received the Favour from Mrs. JVimvood: He voted for the Sitting-Members:

That Five Pounds was offered him by Edward Evans and John Palmer: And Evans said, If that would not do, he should have more.

John Aldridge said, He saw Mr. Travers give Five Guineas to Robert White, for his Vote; and that White voted for Sir Henry Ashhurst, and Mr. JVren.

Richard Burk said. The Petitioners asked his Vote, and told him, It would be for his Interest to serve them; and threatened to take away his Mother’s Place of Forty Pounds per Annum, if he did not:

That Herd the Butcher threatened to arrest him for a Debt of Two Guineas, if he did not vote for the Petitioners; but if he did, said he would give him a Receipt in full: The Morning after the Election he was arrested.

Joseph Buckmaster said. That he was offered the making

Buckfkin Breeches for several Families, at One Guinea per Pair, if he voted for the Petitioners; but, if he did not, the making the Charity-Breeches was to be taken from him: And that he heard Mr, Saxton say, If the Petitioners were not chose, the King would not come to Town.

Mr. Peter Floyer said, That Mr. Bret, the Duke of Kent's Servant, has, by Order of the Duke, taken from him a Possession of Five Pounds per Annum, without any Notice: And that Mr. Bret declared. He came down, by the Duke’s Order, to do all the Injury he could to the Interest of the Sitting-Members, right or wrong: And that he has heard, That the Duke of Northumberland made as much Interest as the Duke of Kent:

Being farther examined, he said, That the Possession taken from him was held under a Lease from the Constable of the Cattle, for the Time being, determinable upon the Change of that Office} and for Renewal thereof there is usually paid Two Guineas.

William-Bonvles said, That Mr. Brett declared in the Street, He had Orders from the Duke of Kent to do all the Injury he could to the Sitting-Members.

Abraham Goldsmith said, Sir Henry Ashhurst's Coachman ottered him a Guinea, and said, He would make it Fifty Pounds in Half an Hour’s Time, if he would vote for the Petitioners: He voted for the Sitting-Members.

George Sewel laid, That, about Two Days before the Election, John Sharpe told him, He had a Promile from the Petitioners to pay some Debts he owed; and that they had offered him Ten Pounds for his Vote.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ChristopherJVren Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

gels to serve in this present Parliament for the- Borough of New-JI indfor, in the County of r,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Gayer Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Henry Ashhurst Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Samuel Travers Esquire, is duly defied |a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ncze-Windsor, in the County of Berks.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Christopher Wren Esquire, is not duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks',

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellera for the Yeas, j . J 190.

Tellers fCheNoes{%2£* } »-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Gayer Esquire, is not duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Henry Ashhurst Baronet, is duly

defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas,|Strickland:

Tellers for the Noes,||frr-^'^.OT . j 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That&miMe/ Travers Esquire, is duly elefled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crow» do attend this House, upon Monday Sevennight, to amend the Return for the Borough of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks. by rafing out the Names of Christopher Wren Esquire, and Robert Gayer Esquire, and inferring the Names of Sir Henry AshhurstBsxonet, and Samuel Travers Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy have Leave Committe* to lit during the Adjournment of the House. of Secrecy.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Call of the Fortnight House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn until Monday Adjournment Seyennight.

And the House adjourned until Monday Seven* night, Niue of the Clock, accordingly.

v

i Geo. I.

4

New-Windsor

Return

amended*

Issues for

Navy

Sennet.

Rentfrew

Writ.

15° — 26°

65

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That Prayers. they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, according to directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit Order; and amended the Return for the Borough again.

Lutue> 25° dAprilis;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

South Sea Stock in Navy Trea-fuiers hands.

of New-JV'mdfor, in the County of

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of the Monies issued for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and to what Uses applied; distinguished under the several Heads thereof.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of what South-Sea Slock hath at any time between Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, been in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and how that Stock hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doifiue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Half-pay

Officers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVcdneJHay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

26° die Aprilis;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending to make the River Keimett navigable from Reading to Newbery, in the said County of Berkswhich will be very prejudicial to the said Borough, and Places adjacent, and no ways answer the Ends and Purposes intended

_____ ______ __________ ____ __________ by the said Bill, as the Petitioners hope to make appear:

electing a Commissioner for the Shire of Rentfrew, in the An<? praying, T^at they may be heard, by their Counsel, room of Sir Robert Pollock Knight and Baronet, who, aSaui^t t^e ^e^ore *!le ‘ame Pa

Kermett

Navigation.

Aylesbury

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit

since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Governor of Fort-lVilliam.

John Deacle Esquire, being elected a Burgess for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks; and also . , . ' _ ,

a Burgess for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of . A for the better regulating the Forces to be con- Regulating Worcester; made his Election to serve for the said Borough ^nuedin his Majesty s Service; and for the Payment of e of Evefiam. the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was, according to orc*-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the rea^ ® Second

- v - - Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury, in the room of the said Mr. Deacle.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, a List of the Regimental Officers in Half-Pay, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; And also,

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their i^tteiy Fund Addrefe to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of Deficiency.

A Lift of the Half-Pay Officers dead, or provided for, the Deficiency, at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hun-- - dred an(j Fourteen, of the yearly Fund of One hundred

Eighty-six thousand Six hundred Seventy Pounds of the C Lottery for Two Millions in the Year 1711 as also an Account of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1714,

__ of the yearly Fund of 168,003 of the ClaJJis Lottery

The feid Lifts"arc bound up with* the other Papers for One Mi,lion Eight hundred thousand Pounds in the

within the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Supply.

Supply Hill; Land Tax.

of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply punted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for grauting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for transferring to the said Bill the Deficiency of the Loans, and Interest, upon the Act, of the last Parliament, for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Vol. 18.

Year 1712.

And the Titles of the said Accounts was read.

The laid Accounts are as follows;

An Account of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1714, of the yearly Fund of f. 186,670 of the ClaJJis Lottery for Two Millions in the Year 1711; as also an Account of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1714, of the yearly Fund of £ 168,003 of the Lottery for £.1,800,000 in the Year 1712: that is to say,

£. s. d.

The Deficiency for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1714, upon the ClaJJis Lottery 1711, amounts to - - - 53,322 — — -

The Deficiency for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1714, upon the ClaJJis Lottery 1712, amounts to - - -52,938 9 8

Geo. Montagu.

Exchequer, 12 th April 1715.

S

This,

66

This, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command to me signified, upon an Addrefc of this honourable House, is humbly presented

Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shaftesbury The Order of the Day being read, for the hearing the Election. Merits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

The Counsel were called in:

And the Petition, complaining of the said Election, was read.

And the Petitioners Counsel, having insisted upon Partialities, and indirect Practices, of the Mayor, examined several Witnesses relating the reunto; and afterwards examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several of the Voters for the Sitting-Members.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the said Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

4.1715.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, atul Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting Land Tax. an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lade, Mr. Farrer, Paterson’s Mr. Randyll, be added to the Committee, to whom the Claims on Petition of fVm. Paterson Esquire, is referred. Equivalent.

26° — 27° — 28° Aprilis.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 Aprilis;

Anno i# Georgii Regis, 1715.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis, Mr. Homage, Mr. Morgan, Rennet Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Arther Ozcen, Mr. Churchil, Colonel Navigation. Oughton, Mr. Grantham, Sir Montagu Blundell, Mr.

Swyjt, Sir Phil. Parker, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Inge,

Colonel Carr, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Fans, Mr. Neville,

Mr. Randall, Sir Tito. IVhcat, Mr. Erie, Mr. Forrester,

Sir Thom. Croft, be added to the..... Bill to make the River Kemiet navigable from Reading to New-

bury, in the County of Berks.

Kennet

Navigation.

Ditto.

-Privilege — a person in custody petitions for discharge.

Prayers.

S)RDERE D, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to enable the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution to cause Satisfaction to be made to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Meadows lying near the said River, for the Damages they may sustain by railing the Water higher than its natural Course.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other the chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the Iioule, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Kemiet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, will emphatically answer those great Ends, and . highly advantageous to the Publick; and tend very much to the Preservation of the Highways, and Improvement of Trade; and be serviceable to this and the neighbouring Countries, and to this Borough, and Parts adjacent: And praying, That the Bill, now depending, for making the said River navigable, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Crosby, Under-Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to return the Writ for electing the Members of the said County by the Seventeenth Day of March last, being the Day appointed for the Return thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is deeply sensible of his Fault; and extremely lorry that he has so justly incurred the Censure of this House; but, as he professes to have had no evil Intention in the Delay of this Return, humbly hopes you will {hew a ifterciful Disposition towards him: lie heartily asks Pardon for his Fault; and begs, in regard the Duty of his Office, and his own pressing Affairs, require his Presence in the Country: And praying, That-he may be released, from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Crosby be brought to the Bar of this House on Friday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy2 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 171.5.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Barnard Gardiner DoClor of All Soul* 1V. Laws, Warden, and the College-o/’ the Souls of all faithful People deceased, of Oxon, was presented to the 11 ate> House, and read; setting forth, That the honourable Colonel Christopher Codrington, late Captain-General and Governor of his Majesty’s Leeward-Islands, and Fellow of All Souls College, in the University of Oxford, having given, by his Will, to the Warden and College aforesaid, a considerable Sum of Money, viz. Ten thousand Pounds; of which, Six thousand Pounds was, by the said Testator, directed to be laid out in building a Library, and Four thousand Pounds in buying Books for the same; the said Warden and College, not having, within their ancient Site,

Ground sufficient for such a Pile of Buildings, have agreed with the Reverend Mr. William Galloway, upon a valuable Consideration; vis the Sum of Three hundred Ninety-and-five Pounds; for the Purchase of feme Houses and Ground; who holds the same for a Term of Years, from certain Feoffees of the Parish of St. Mary the Virgin, in the City of Oxford, for the Use of the Church and Poor of the said Parish; that is to say, of George Carter Doctor in Divinity, Henry White, John Crossly,

John Pricket, and William Ryley, the present surviving Feoffees; and the said Warden and College do hold other Parcels of Ground, and Houses, for a Term of Years, of the said Feoffees; all which are adjoining to the said College, and proper for the building the said Library: That, in regard of the Trust vested in the said Feoffees, and that the Lease belonging to the said William Galloway is settled on his Marriage, the Petitioners are advised a good Title cannot be made to the Petitioners, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the Premises comprised in the Lease of Mr. , and in the

Petitioners

i Geo. I. 28* Aprilts. 67

Petitioners Lease, in the Petitioners, and their Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bromley, and Sir William Whitlock, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

opkins's Mr. Edward Hopkins reported from the Committee, to

lalifyingfor whom the Bill to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in , to

administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, was committed, That they had made tome Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the Bailiff, Steward, approved Men, and

Andover. Burgesses, and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of

Andover, in the County of Southampton, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Buyers and Dealers in mixed or nufacture. medley Broad Cloths; complaining of many Abuses and Frauds put upon them by the Makers and Manufacturers of the fame, to the great Disresputation of the Woollen ' Trade, and the manifest Injury of the Petitioners; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; it is enacted, That all mixed or medley Broad-Cloths, to be made after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and twelve, shall be measured at the Fulling-Mill by the Master, &;c. upon Oath; who is also to rivet a Seal of Lead on every such Cloth; and to seal and stamp in Figures, the Length and Breadth of the fame, to be and remain the Rule of Payment for the Buyer to accept the said Cloths; under a Penalty of1Twenty Shillings for every Refusal: And that through the Un-ilfulness of feme Owners of the said Fulling-Mills, or through the Covetoulness in the Clothier who employs them, that frequently these mixed or medley Cloths is short in Measure of what is fixed on the Seals of the said Owners of the Mills; and that the Clothiers lie under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings only, if any mixed or medley Broad-Cloth is fully wet, lealed, and stamped, and the said Clothiers shall stretch any such Broad-Cloth above One Yard in Twenty Yards Length, and One Nail of a Yard in Breadth: That the said Penalty is . of sufficient Weight to enforce the Observation of the said Law; besides, that the Manner of Recovering thereof renders the Law ineffectual in this Point j for that no Forfeiture is to be paid, unless the Offender. convicted before such mixed or medley Broad-Cloths is exposed to Sale: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend or repeal Part of the said Law; and to prevent the Abuses done under Colour, and by Pretext of the said Law; and for the Preservation of the Woollen Trade; and for the equal Benefit and Relief of the Buyers and Dealers therein.

And several Clauses in the said Act were read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Ward, Mr Hey sham, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Stephens, Sir Onslow, Mr Mr.

Yol. 18.

Neville, Mr. Hopkitis, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Robert Corbett,

Mr. Inge, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Snell, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Deacle, Sir J RickardFarringtonMr

Sir Tho. Scawen, Sir Wm.Whitelock, Sir Richard Hoove,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bracebridge, Colonel Morton, Mr.

Tench; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

JVilts, Somerset, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day for the further hearing the Me- Shaftefooiy rits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in Ele^10* the County of Dorset, being read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners, and Sitting-Members, were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to give Evidence touching the Corrupting of Votes for the Sitting-Members; and also touching such Persons as had a Right to vote, but were refused to be admitted for the Petitioners.

After which, the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to call Witnesses to justity the Voters objected against by the Petitioners Counsel:

And Edward Grimsted senior being called in to prove the Qualification of Richard llaytcr (who had been objected against by the Petitioners Counsel) to vote at the said Election;

And the Petitioner’s Counsel objecting against his being examined as a Witness, in regard that the said Edward Grimsted vcas charged by the Petitioner’s Evidence with having endeavoured to corrupt some Persons to vote for the Sitting-Members;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard touching the said Objection.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Sitting-Members be admitted to examine Edward Grimsted senior, as to chard Hay ter'% being qualified to vote at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Shaftesbury.

Then the Counsel were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Edward Grimsted was called in; and examined.

And other Witnesses were examined as to other Voters objected against by the Petitioner’s Counsel.

And Robert Brickie being called to prove the Qualification of Abraham Buckland (who had been objected against by the Petitioners Counsel) to vote at the said Election;

And the said Robert Brickie being objected against by the Petitioner’s Counsel, in regard that he had been charged by the Petitioner’s Evidence with having endeavoured to fubom a Person to give false Evidence to this Houi’e;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard, in relation to him.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Counsel for the Sitting-Members be admitted to examine Robert Brickie, as to Abraham Buckland'& being qualified to vote at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Ycas, } 9'-

Tellers for the ^Coventry: }&

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Counsel were called in", and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Sitting Members Counsel called and examined other Witnesses, in order to qualify other Voters objected against by the Petitioners Counsel.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the farther Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

The

68 28° — 29° —

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Hertford Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo-Election. roUgh of Hertford be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till

House. fhis Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtnerisy 390 die;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pr A ITERS.

Supply Bill; HT’HE House, according to Order, resolved itself into Land Tax. JL a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Naval Flag Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Officer*. Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addressto his Majesty for that Purpose, a List of the present Flag Officers and Captains, with the Number of Lieutenants, of his Majesty’s Fleet.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the ordinary Charge of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Privilege — Thomas Crosby, Under-Sheriff of the County of Cum~ a |)erfoj j*" berland, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was, accord-

and*dif* *n§ to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his charged. Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker$ and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30°;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Paterson’s f\RDERED, That the Committee, to whom the

Claims on Petition of William Paterjbn Esquire, is referred, have

qmva ent. power fen(j for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hopkins’s

qualifying for Office.

An ingrafted Bill to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England to admiriifter to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, 1

30° Aprilis. A. 1715.

Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths, for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin.

Ordered, That Mr. Edxmrd Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Number of Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the 5rean\eoj?aml Commissioners of the Navy to lay before this House an *^tun.x' Account of the Number of Men borne for the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, One thpuland Seven hundred and Twelve, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, and One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and what the Wages of those Men, after the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings per Man per for

those Years, amount to; also, the Charge of Wear and Tear for the aforesaid Number of Men, according to the Proportion of One Pound Seven Shillings per Man per Menfem; and likewise, an Account of the Charge of the Ordinary of the Navy, upon the several Heads thereof, for the said Four Years; and how much has been supplied to the Navy in Money, or Credit, upon the aforesaid Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Victualliuj Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Service, proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the Charge of the Victualling for the said Number of Men, and of the Charge of the Ordnance for Sea Service, for the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, and One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his South Sea Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Company proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of Men of War. the annual Charge of the Four Men of War appointed for the Service of the South Sea Company.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majest/s most honourable Privy Council.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give an Privilege-Account what Persons were ordered to be taken into his persons ab-Custody the last Parliament, and had absconded, lb as fro" they could not be taken; or, having surrendered them- u y* selves, or been in Custody, had not paid their just Fees; he acquainted the House, That Mr. Waller, who

was, the First Session of the last Parliament, ordered to be taken into custody, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, did then abscond, and could not be taken:

And that the said William Waller was, the last Session of Parliament, again ordered to be taken into Custody; but then also absconded, and could not be taken.

The standing Order of the House of the Fourth of April, in the Sixth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, was read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William be taken

into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House proceeded in the further hearing the Me- Shaftesbury rits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the Election. County of Dorset:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members examined several Witnesses, in order to justify several of the Voters for the Sitting-Members, which the Petitioner’s Counsel had produced Evidence against; and also to justify the Refiifal by the Mayor of such Persons as the Sitting Members

i Geo. I.

30 ’’Aprilis — a* Mail.

bars Counsel had insisted upon were refuted, although qualified to vote:

And the Sitting Members Counsel also examined several Witnesses in relation to Bribery by the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members insisted, That the Petitioners were not qualified to be elected, according to the Act, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons:

And they first insisted, That Mr. Andrews, One of the Petitioners, was not qualified according to the said Act.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted. That according to the Particulars in the Qualification delivered in to the Clerk of the House by the said Mr. Andrews, considering an Incumbrance thereupon, he is not so qualified, although he hath a much greater Estate elsewhere.

After which, the Sitting Members Counsel insisted also, That Mr. Benson, the other Petitioner, was not qualified according to the said Act:

And they produced a Copy of the Certificate of the Oath he had made at the Time of the Election, ad it was returned by the Mayor into the Court of Chancery.

After which, the Particular of the said Mr. Benson'% Qualification, delivered in to the Clerk of the House, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Twenfy-third of March last, was read:

And then the said Certificate of the Mayor, as filed in the Court of Chancery, was read:

And the Act of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was read:

Also the Sitting Membere Demand left with the Clerk of the House, for the Petitioners to give in their Qualifications, pursuant to the Resolution of the House upon the said Act, was read:

And afterwards, the Counsel on both Sides were heard, whether the Sitting Members Counsel should proceed on the said Particular delivered in to the Clerk, or on the said Certificate of the Mayor.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made, That William Benson Esquire, One of the Petitioners complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, having, at the Demand of the Sitting Members, delivered in a Particular of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in order to make out his Qualification to be elected for the said Borough, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Twenty-third of March last; the Counsel for the Sitting-Members, if they have any Objection to the said If Viliam Ben/on a Qualification, be directed to make their Objections to the said Particular delivered in pursuant to the said Order of the House;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, by adding, at the End of the Question, these Words; viz. " so far only as the same relates to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Bromley, in the County n of Middlesex, being the only Qualification the said JVU~

" tiomBenfon gave in, upon Oath, at the said Election; as " appears by the Certificate of the Mayor of the said Borough;"

Ana the Question being put, That the said Words be added to the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUmfor Ye"'£ Mn SmZfZay,: } >36-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, as amended, being put;

Resolved', That William Benson Esquire, One of the Petitioners complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, having, at the Demand of the Sitting Members, delivered in a Particular of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in order Vol. 18.

to make out his Qualification to be elected for the said Borough, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Twenfy-third of March last; the Counsel for the Sitting-Members,. if they have any Objection to the said William Benson'a Qualification, be directed to make their Objections to the said Particular delivered in pursuant to the said Order of the House, so far only as the same relates to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Middlesex; being the only Qualification the said William Benson gave in, upon Oath,

at the said Election; as appears by the Certificate of the Mayor of the said Borough.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

After which, the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day befog read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Regulating fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces orcea* to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Westflwry of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits Election, of the Election for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, upon Tuesday next, so the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Ward, Mr. Woollen Sndthfon, Sir Tho. Crojfe, Mr. Eden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Manufacture. Grantham, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr.

Mr. Morice, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Richard Gough; and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset, , Cornwall,

and Southampton j be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Buyers and Dealers so mixed or medley Broad-Cloths was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 2° die Matt \

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, Papers pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that respecting Purpose, Copies of the Representations and Memorials, xrade^nd presented in the Four last Years by the Minister Negotiations

residing here, relating to the Navigation and Trade of the for Peace. Baltick; and to Fitting out of Ships of War for the Service of the Czar of Muscovy; and Extracts of Letters from and to the Lord Viscount Torvnjhend upon Count Gyllen-borg'a Memorial to his Lordship, of the Twenty-eighth of October One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: And also,

Copies of the Representations from the Company, and the Merchants trading to the East-Country; and Papers, containing an Account of what has been done pursuant to the said Representations; together with Lists of them: And also,

Copy of her late Majesty’s Ratification of the Preliminary Articles to a general Peace, made at the Hague, the Twenty-eighth of May One thousand Seven hundred and Nine:

And also acquainted the House, That the Memorials,

Letters, and Papers, relating to the Negotiations of Peace, at the Hague, in One thousand Seven hundred and Nine; and foe Preliminaries negotiated at Gertruy-denberg; were laid before the House so the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve; and are now so the Hands of the Clerk.

And the said Papers and Lifts, presented as aforqfeid, were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

T Tho

by v

2° Mail

4 1715.

The Titles of the said Lifts were read.

The said Papers, except the Memorials, Letters, and Papers, laid before the House in the year One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, in the Hands of the Clerk, are bound up with the other Papers of this SeftTon.

Ordered \That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ai/laby, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of the Monies issued for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament for, the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; and to what Uses applied: And also.

An Account of v/bat South-Sea Stock hath, at any time South-Ses between Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Stock in Thirteen, and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Navy Trea. and Fourteen, been in the Hands of the Treasurer of the >urer'8 Hand*. Navy, and how the same has been disposed of.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1714; and to what Uses applied; distinguished under the several Heads thereof; viz.

The Services for which it was granted. Sums granted. Sums received.

£. s. d. $

Ordinary, including £.35,574. 3 6 i. Half- ’ ' General - - - . OAK Ton — Q —

Pay to Officers Yards - - -' 74,089 6 3,

Wages general - 557,004 16 8f

Wages -----. Marines - - - . 195,000 57,000

Sick and Wounded

’ Course 105,000 — —

Wear and Tear Yards . - - 175,500 68,968

Bills Ex*, fife. - - 5L3I4 1 4

'Course - 84,247 6 8i

Victualling - - - - " - \ Sick and Wounded 123,500

1 [ Bills Ex*, fife. - 48,076 9 3

Towards Debts to Seamens Wages, Yards, fife. - 300,000 —

For the Chaplains of the Fleet — — 3,000 —

£ 1,042,700 — 3 1,045,700 — 3

27th April 1715.

An ACCOUNT of what South-Sea Stock hath, at any Time between Christmas 1713, and Christmas 1714, been in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and how that Stock hath been disposed of; viz.

£. s. d.

South-Seat Remaining at Christmas 1713 - - - - -. - - 544,000 5 3f

Stock. £ Received since, the Money formerly borrowed thereon being repaid - 500,000-----

£. 1,044,000 5 31

Disposed of between Christmas 1713, and Christmas 1714, for the Services

For Wages to Seamen - -

Marines -

Bills on the old Course of the Navy -

Ditto on the old Course of the Victualling -

Victualling Bills of Exchange ——

Sick and Wounded -

Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Garrisons -

South Sea Company, towards their Quarter’s Interest due at Lady-day 1714 -Stock subscribed into the Trustees Hands for Sale -

following; viz.

£. s. d.

50,000 — —

46,486 19 10

1,099 6*

13,198 1 —

20,97a 17 5i

24,348 4 8*

103,427 16 nf

104,466 12 91

680,000 —

1,044,000 5 3i

Note, Of the £. 680,000 Stock, mentioned on the other Side, subscribed into the Trustees Hands for Sale, there has been received back, for the Services following, to Christmas 1714, but £. 562,032. 10 11 viz.

— _ £ s. d.

For Wages to Seamen - . _ _ 411,359 2 74

Marines - -- -- -.....,’700 -

Bills on the new Course of the Navy -.....2 7,993 11 7

Yards..... 27*683 8 if

Half-Pay to Officers 18,000 — ___

Bills on the new Course of the Victualling -.....37,055 10 — -

Victualling Bills of Exchange - - - - . _ . 14,490 15 9

Victualling Labourers 5 966 12 6

Necessary-money -..... 7^83 i0 4

Short-Allowance Money - 10,000 10 —

562,0321011

J. Ai/labie.

Ordered,

0

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Honiton

Election.

i Geo. I. 2® — 3° Mali.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerks Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout:

And the said Amendments, as for as the List of Commissioners for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, being l'everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said List of Commissioners for the Borough of Ipswich being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Name of John Quint in do stand in the said Lift as a Commissioner for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for foe Yea,[ Hcrdrefi, J

Tellers for foe Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Beaumont do stand a Commissioner for the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Lists of Commissioners, to the Lift for the County of Radnor, being severally read a Second time; several Names were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, added to several of the said Lifts; and the said Lifts, so amended, agreed unto.

The said Lift for the County of Radnor being read a Second time;

Several Persons were proposed to be added to the said Lift, as Commissioners for the said County; and, among them, David Morgan, David Powell, Thomas Davis, Thomas Owen, Henry Windsor, Thomas Holland, Walter

Whitney, Fletcher Powell:

And the Question being severally put upon those Persons, That they be Commissioners;

It severally passed in the Negative.

And other Names proposed were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the said Lift was agreed unto by the House, with such Additions as were agreed unto.

The Lift for the Town and County of Haverfordwest, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto.

Then several of the other Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by ttie House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30 die Matt;

Anno \* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, That Sir William Courtney, and William Yonge Esquire, Sitting Members for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, did, the Twenty-ninth of March last, pursuant to the Refblution of this House of the Twenty-third of the same March, leave with the Clerk of the House their Demand of the Qualification of James Sheppard Esquire; who petitioned, complaining of an undue Election and Vo 1. 18.

Return for the said Borough; and that he bad not delivered in to the Clerk any Paper of his Qualification;

The Demand of the said Qualification was read:

And also, the Resolution of the House of the Twenty-third of March last was read.

And the Clerk, being called upon, acquainted the House, That he had not received any Particular of Mr. Sheppard's Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of the said James Sheppard Esquire; he having neglected to comply with the said Resolution of this House, in not delivering in his Qualification within Fifteen Days after the Demand thereof.

A Petition of Herbert Randolph Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Committee of this House has received a new Clause, to be added to the Land Tax Bill, whereby the Petitioner’s Manor of Aldington is, by Name, made liable to a Deduction for Taxes, in respect of the Fee-farm ltentilTuing out of the same, in a Proportion different from all other Manors; and that the Petitioner had no Notice thereof till the Second Day of this instant May One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen: And praying, That this honourable House will please to appoint a Day whereon he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Clause, before the same doth pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the further Consideration of the Report of tl^e feid Bill be proceeded in.

A Petition of the High-Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, of the County of Wilts, assembled at the Quarter-Sessions held at the Devizes, in the said County, the Twenty -sixth Day of April, Anno Domini One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas it appeareth unto the Petitioners, that there is a Bill nowr depending before this House, for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks; which, we humbly suggest, will be of great Advantage to all the Inhabitants of this County, if it passes into a Law, not only for the Benefit of Trade in general, but by easing us of the great Rates we pay for the Carriage of bulky Goods from the City of London to all Parts hereabouts; as also by preventing the great Damage continually done to our Highways, so very much impaired by the heavy Loads carried in Waggons from the City of London to the City of Bristol: And praying, That the said Bill may pass, in order to pass into a Law; which will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and highly tend to the Advancement of Trade in this Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, is committed.

The House being moved, That the Statute of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and also the Statute of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of King William and Queen Mary, for continuing the fame; may be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William and Queen Mary. And that Mr. Hampden, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Tren-chard, and Sir Richard Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being moved, That the Act of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

repealing

Land Tax.

Kennet

Navigation.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Yule

Vacance in Scotland.

3° — 4° Matt. A. 1715.

repealing Part of an Act passed, in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for discharging the Va* c&ncc*

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the time of the Yule Vacance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir David Dalrymple and Sir James Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Elections — Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given Return of j0 bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Summons, Abuses of Sheriffs, and other returning Officers, in not &c. ’ returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for

preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Freman, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shaftesbury The House, according to Order, proceeded to the fur-Election. ther hearing ffie Merits of the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury:

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members proceeded in making their Objections to the Qualification of the Petitioner Mr. Benjon.

And the Petitioners Counsel were heard; and examined. Witnesses for the Justification thereof.

After which, the Counsel for the Sitting Members liimmed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness to discredit One of the Sitting Members Witnesses; and then they summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel on both SidesJ withdrew.

And Mr. Nicholas was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Edward Nicholas Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdl- forth. ] .50.

Ten — *>e Noes.J }l65

So it passed in the Negative.

After which, Mr. Ru/h was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Samuel Ru/h Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftesbury;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for } »9-

T^ers for theNoes.1^"!^ } ,90.

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Benson Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

Sfe to serve in this present Parliament for the said trough of Shaftesbury;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 194-

Tellers for the Noes, j Jjj; } 137-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That Henry Andrews Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftesbury;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of by rafing out the Names of Edward Nicholas and Samuel 23

Rush, Esqmirps, and inferring the Name of William Benson Esquire.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Bridpwt

rough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, be beard at E edioiL

the Bar of this House upon ThursdayMorning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Temple's.^ to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme Persons in England *or ' to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mtrcuriiy 40 die Maii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715. I

Prayers.

A PETITION of Florian Merchant, was GoeMh

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Nat. That the Petitioner is a Person born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, but profeffeth the true Protestant Religion; and has given good Testimony of his humble, dutiful, and loyal Affection to his Majesty, and this Kingdom: And praying Leave for a Bill to be brought into this honourable House for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

London and Mr. Nevill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Heysham reported, from the Committee, to whom Woollen 1 the Petition of the Buyers and Dealers in mixed or Manufato medley Broad-Cloths was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty s Reign,

That all mixed or medley Broad-Cloth, to be made after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, shall be measured at the Fulling-Mill by the Matter, Owner, or other Occupier thereof, upon Oath; who is also to rivet a Seal of Lead on every such Cloth, and to seal and stamp in Figures the Length and Breadth of the fame; which is to be and remain the only Rule and Payment for all and every Buyer or Buyers whatsoever, to accept the said Cloths; subject to a Penalty for every Refusal:

That it also appeared to the Committee, That these mixed or medley Cloths frequently come into the Petitioners Hands short m Measure, both in Length and Breadth of what is fixed and stamped on the Seal of the said Owners or Occupiers of the Mills: Several of the said Clothe being produced before the Committee; the false Measurment whereof was attefied by various Witnesses who had measured the same:

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the House be moved, That Leave may be given to

bring

o

0 Mail

73

i Geo. I.

Shaftesbury

Return

amended*

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Wefilury Lied ion.

bring in a Bill for making the said Act more effectual, of the Benefit of Trade in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Act more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general: And that Mr. Heysham, Mr. , Colonel Morton, and Mr. Godfrey, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of bury, in the County of Dorset.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment Clause C, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time, That the Deduction for Taxes, on Account of the Fee-farm Rent, charged upon, and issuing out of, the Manor and De-. mefnes of Aldington, in the County of , should stand, and be it and alter the same Rate as was allowed, or allowable, by Law, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six; and.

The Petition of Herbert Randolph F.squire, which was Yesterday ordered to lie upon the Table until the further Consideration of the said Report was proceeded in, was again read:

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tire other Orders of the Day being read;

Jovisy 50 die Matt,

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, relblved itself Regulating into a Committee of the whole House, upon the *]'e Laml Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued torces' in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces and of their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reliimed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave’ to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Officers of Lieutenant-General George Regiment* " Hamilton's late Regiment of Foot, Subjects of Great >n Dutch Britain, broke in the Service of the States General of the "ervlce‘ United Provinces, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Regiment was levied in Scotland in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two, and was brought on the Establishment of England in the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety four, and served in Flanders on that Foot until the Peace of Ryf-wick: That, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and One, the said Regiment was lent over by his late Majesty King William, to the Service of the States-General} in which they continued all the last War with the other British Regiments, who were commanded to serve the said States: That the said Regiment, after their long and faithful Service, was broke at Bergenopzoom, without any Pension, or other Consideration of them: That, the British Regiments in Holland being commanded in that Service by the Sovereign to be Corps of native British T roops; their Service in Holland being as much an Act of Obedience to their Prince, as the Service of those Bodies of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Troops who were continued in the Pay of the Crown, and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hampden, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, acquainted the House, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was only in Part heard Yesterday in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the Committee

liable to be called over to the Assistance of the Nation And praying, in regard of the Petitioners long and faithful Services (that they may not be the only unfortunate Officers, native Subjects of Great ,) to provide

for their Relief.

Upon which, Mr. Pulteney, Secretary at War, acquainted the House, That Application had been made to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to signify his Consent to the Petitioners Relief, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to <lire6t, That a Lilt of the Officers of Lieutenant General George Hamilton's late Regiment of Foot be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

Privilege-

Abusing

"Witnesses.

of Privileges and Eleaions, That they do proceed in the Majesty by fitch Members of this House as are of his further hearing of the Merits of the said Election upon Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

Friday next, in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Protestant Officers of the Baron de A Complaint being made to the House^ That, at the Borle's late Regiment of Dragoons was presented to the hearing the Merits of the said Election, Benjamin Bourn House, and read; setting forth, That they have faithfully being examined as a Witness on the Part of the Sitting feiVed the Crown ever since the happy Resolution of the

Members, he was, as he went out of the Committee, in-fulted and abused by William Jordan, on account of the Evidence he had given before the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Bourn and William Jordan do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

late King William: That, by Commissions from his Grace

the Duke of Marlborough, they have served, during the late War, in the above said Regiment from the first Creation to the Time of disbanding thereof; and received Pay all along from England, as English Officers, according to their said Commissions: That, since the last of December One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, when the Re-

Ordered, That James Bertie Esquire, and Mr. Robert giment was broke, they have been without any Allowance

Holton, do attend this House at the same time

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine of the Clock.

Morning,

Vol. 18.

of Subsidy, or Half-Pay: That the only Reason, as they apprehend, they were refused Half-Pay, is because they had the Misfortune to have their Names inserted in the same Lift with the Roman Catholick Officers of the Regiment, who were reje6ted last Year by the Parliament:

U Awl

Ditto.

Kennet

Navigation.

Imprisonment of Blatkbourn, *c.

Quakers

Afliimation.

Privilege — Aimfe of SVitaeis,

5° — 6*

A. 1715

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for (lie Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

} »05.

] 146.

74

And praying, That in consideration of their long and faithful Services, and that being Protestants, and qualified for Half-Pay, this honourable House will be pleased to graut a Provision for them, that they may be -put upon the Establishment of Half-Pay, as the other French Officers are, who have served in , in the Regiments of Dragoons that were commanded by Portuguese Colonels.

And Air. Puiteney acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been likewise applied to on behalf of those Officers; ami had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty consented that the said Officers may be added to the Lift of Officers in Half-Pay, if the House think fit.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Thai he w ill be pleased to direct, That a Lilt of the Protestant Officers of the Ilaron de Boric's late Regiment of Dragoons be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majest y by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town and Corporation of ,in the County of Southampton, and of all other the Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; felling forth. That the Corporation and Inhabitants of in the County of Berks, and others, have petitioned this honourable House to have an Act of Parliament for making the River Kennel navigable from thence to Beading, in the County of Berks: We humbly conceive, that the making the said Rivet navigable will be a great Benefit to certain private and particular Persons; but will prove very prejudicial to tire Publick; and, in particular, will greatly diminish and Icifen the Markets of this Town, and the Trade thereof; and will very much tend to the Impoverishing of this Corporation, and of us, and all other the Inhabitants of this Town: And praying, That the Bill for making the said River navigable may not pais, nor be allowed of: That . we may be heard, by our Counsel, before the said Bill do pais.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Coun-fcl, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackbourn, and others, for their horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King the Third: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Air. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Hampden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act, That the felemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form:

And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to hear the Matter of the Complaint Yesterday, of the Abuse and Insult offered to Benjamin Bourn, who w as on Tuefd examined as a Witness before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, at the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts:

And the said Benjamin Bourn, and also James Bertie Esquire, were severally called in, and examined.

And then withdrew.

After which, one Mr. Phipps, and Mr. Robert,

were severally called in, and examined.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, That Mr. William Jordan abused a, id threatened Air. Benjamin Bourn, as here-turned from being examined as a Witness before a Committee of this House;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his c«pp«r Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct the Lords of Coinage, the Treasury to lay before this House an Account of what Proposals have been made to them, in relation to the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence; and what has been done thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Bridport hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Election. Bridport, in the County of Dorset.

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in;

The Petition of Peter Walter Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, was read:

And the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualifv several Persons who voted for the Sitting-Member, Mr. Strangext'ayes; and for adding several Persons, who were refilled their Votes, to the Petitioner’s Poll:

After which, the Petitioner’s Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bridport be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Fertford Borough of Hertford be heard at the Bar of this House Election, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Alerits of the Election for the Bo- NewSarm# rough of New Sarum be heard at the Bar of this House Election, upon this Day Fortnight, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° dieMaii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill;

to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was Land Tax. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

Ordered, That Air. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House having, upon the Hearing of the Alerits of Shafteibmy the Election for the Borough of Shaston, alias Shaf- Wnt* tefbury, in the County of Dorset, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday last, adjudged only One Bur* gefs to be duly elected for the said Borough;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing One other Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaston, alias Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Air. Carter, Afr. Grantham, Mr. - Patterfoo’j fan, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Petition Claims on of William Paterson Esquire, is referred. Equivalent.

14 And

i Geo. I. 6° — 7° Mail. 75

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

— ..... .1 ....

Sabbati, die Mail

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Ah Soul* TV 1 R. Bromley presented to the House, according to tlulte* -1-VJL Order, a Bill for vesting in the Warden and College of All Souls in Oxford, and their Success'ors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of Mary in Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Quaker* Ordered, That the Bill to continue the Act, of the Aiiumaiion. seventjj an(j Eighth Years of the Reign of King

intituled, Ab Act, That the (oletna Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

Paper* re- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his That he will be pleased to give Directions to lv the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of the clear Produce of the Branches, of the Revenue which were settled for the Service of the Houshold and Family, and other Expences, of his late Majesty King William, and of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and of his present Majesty, respectively, from Christmas One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine to Lady-day last; and how any of the said Branches have been abridged, altered, taken away, or incumbered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament Gnce that time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of all the Civil List Expences, for One Year before her late Majesty’s Death.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he \\ ill be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the several Establishments of the Iloufhold and Family, made during the Reigns of King Charles the Second, King James the Second, King William, and Queen Anne.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account what Pcnlions have been granted, and allb what Warrants for beneficial Grants have been directed to the Lords of the Treasury, since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of what Pcnlions were granted, either in Great Britain or Ireland, during the Reign of her late Majesty.

' Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, a State of her late Majesty’s Revenue at the Time of her Death; distin-guiiliing the Money that w-as at that Time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government; what paid into the Exchequer since on that Account, and how it has been applied; what remains in Money, or other Effects, to discharge the Debts of her Majesty’s Civil Government; and what those Debts are.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will he* pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Five hundred thousand Pounds granted by Parliament for the Payment of her late Majesty’s Debts.

You 18.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council;

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Answertd' Addresses to his Majesty, That a List of the Officers of Adressi*. Lieutenant General Hamiltons late Regiment of Foot, and a List of the Protestant Officers of Baron de Boric's late Regiment of Dragoons, might be laid before this House; and that the Proposals which have been made to the Lords of the Treasury, in relation to the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence; and what had been done thereupon; might be laid before this House; had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty hath been pleased to give Dir( ftions for laying the said Lifts, and other Matters, before this House.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- imprifr*. ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of men: «.f Robert Blackbom, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy Hlackborn, to afiaffinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King c‘ William the Third; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Jofiua Lomax Esquire, be at liberty to St. Alban* withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue F.lcftion Ek^*00-for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from Proceeding upon the said Petition.

The House being moved1, That the First Soft ion of Elections — the Act, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act for prevent- Summons, ing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers, &c. in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament, may be read;

It was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

That they do bring in a Clause, or Clauses, to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Sheriffs, and other returning Officers, not making Returns of the Writs of Summons to Parliament in due time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Regulating ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- the L*nd mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill Forces* for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

The House proceeded in the further hearing the Bridport Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bridport, in Election, the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner desiring to examine feme Witnesses as to the Partiality of the Bailiff;

Which the Sitting Member’s Counsel opposing;

The Counsel on. both Sides were heard touching the fame.

And they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Petitioner be admitted to give Evidence in relation to the Partiality of the Bailiff at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport.

And then the Counsel were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel examined Two Witnesses touching the said Matter,

After

0

7<5

7 — 9

Mail.

A. 1715.

Bridport

Eie&ion.

After which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses to establish Votes which had been objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel:

And Mr. Arthur Pain being called;

The Petitioner’s Counsel objected against his being examined; for that he had been changed by the Petitioner’s Evidence with having, as Agent for Mr. distributed Money and Corn to Voters:

Touching which, the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Sitting-Member be admitted to examine Arthur ,-touching William Pierce's being of full Age at the time

of the last Election for the Borough of Bridport;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the . } 54.

TeUersfcrtheNoe^} 99-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member examined several Witnesses.in relation to Wheat given by the Family of Strangwayes, whether the same was an usual Charity, as they insisted, or Bribery, as the Petitioner’s Counsel insisted:

And John Tucker being called to be examined;

And the Petitioner’s Counsel objecting against his being examined; for that he is charged by the Petitioners Evidence to have distributed the Wheat;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put. That John Tucker, having been concerned in the distributing of Wheat to the Inhabitants of Bridport before Christmas last, be admitted to be examined as a Witness in this Cause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdta.rordreY^f-^. } 73.

TeUerefor theNoe8.||jr7^f'‘'1 }>"-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member proceeded, and examined other Witnesses, in Justification of Votes objected against by the Petitioner’s Counsel.

After which, the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further bearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bridport be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce^ 90 die Maii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

f)R’D ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxon, in the room of Francis Clerke Esquire, deceased.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when' the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon IV Morning next.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addresses of Saturday last having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the several Accounts, EstabliQunents, and States, therein mentioned; his Majesty has been pleased to give Directions, That the same be laid before this House.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, a List of the Protestant Officers of the Baron de Borle's late Regiment of Dragoons; and also a List of the Officers of Lieutenant-General Hamilton's late Regiment of Foot.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Lifts are as follows; viz.

LIST

Oxford

Writ.

Regulating the Land Forces.

Answer to Addreflei.

Regiments in Dutch Service.

LIST of the Protejstant Officers of Baron de Borics late Regiment of Dragoons.

o

r*

D

eg'

i — H*

n"

CD

Cl

C7

o

o

o

oo

FT

Captains, &c.

_ Brigadier de Saufin, as Lieutenant Colonel and Captain P6 John de Haers, as Major and Captain

Captain la Coste -

Henry de Grangues - -

James Maturin -

Abstract.

Captains, &;c.

Lieutenants

Comets

Quarter-masters -

per Diem.

£.s. d., 1 14 6 — 6 —

— 5 -

— 16 —

per Diem. Lieutenants. per Diem. Cornets. per Diem.

s. d. — 10 — s. d. Michael Parmentier - 3 — Dupoitall - - 3 — s. d. Amaud - - 2 6 *Guillauma - 2 6

" 0 u - — 5 6 6 — 5 —

O U

£ 1 14 6

For 365 Days. - £ 1,122 7$. 6d.

Quarter-masters.

;per Diem.

d.

Peter Auger -Elie Serres Moyce Maflau William Norriga Samuel Malette John James Huguenet John Peter Vilanche Christopher Batier -

W. Pulteney.

LIST of the Officers of Lieutenant General Hamilton's Regiment of Foot

Captaios.

per Diem.

George Hamilton, as Colonel and Captain John Douglas, as Lieutenant Colonel and Captain James Mofinan, as. Major and Captain Captain James Cathcart - -

Wm. Cramond -

James Steuart -

James Cramond -

Charles Buchan -

James Hamilton -

William Douglas -

William Mure -

John Chalmbers -

James Ogilvie -

£-3 18 —

O

Captains, 8$c. Lieutenants -Ensigns Staff-Officers

Abstract.

per Diem.

3 18 — 113 8

1 2 —

— 9 4

£7 2 —

Lieutenants.*

per Diem.

— 12 d. Captain Lieutenant David Lindsay - s. 2 4

— 8 6 Alexander Thompson - 2 4

— 7 6 John Sutherland - - wm _ — 2 4

— 5 — James Fleming - OF - — 2 4

— 5 — George Ramsey - m - - - 2 4

— 5 — James Douglais - - - — 2 4

— 5 — John Chancier - . - — 2 4

~ 5 — John Craighs m - . 2 4

~ 5 — Robert Gordon - - - 2 4

— 5 — David Reed - - _ 2 4

~ 5 — George Hamilton m - mm — 2 4

~ 5 — James Bethune - - - — 2 4

— 5 — Wm. Movet - - - — 2 4

William Baptie - - - - «» — 2 4

£. 1 12 8

For 365 Days. ,£.2,591. 10#. —

Ensigns.

per Diem.

Ensign Archibald Ferguson John Hay -Wm. Balfour David Lyon Sir John Hamilton William Salisbury William Agnew Alexander Bruce Alexander Hamilton David St. Clair -James Mofman -James Steuart -

John Lyon, captain James Irwin, adjutant -Wm. Rig", quarter-master Wm. Ellis, surgeon

s. d.

3 4 2 —

2 — 2 —

9 4

O

m

O

s.

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

l6 —

VO

d.

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

£. 1 2 —

Wm. Pulteney.

9® — 10° Mail A. 17x5*

Hcipkini* qu&htving for Office.

Supplj.

Caine

Election.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovebond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in land, to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Regimental Officers on Half-pay, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of several Expences incurred and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiencies at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, of the yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred Seventy Pounds, of the CV Lottery for Two Millions, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven; as also the Account of the Deficiency at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, of the yearly Fund of One hundred Sixty-eight thousand Three Pounds, of the Clqffis Lottery for One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Protestant Officers of the Baron deBorle's late Regiment of Dragoons, be re-

ferred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Officers of Lieutenant General Hamilton's late Regiment of Foot, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the w hole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrcr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions: which they had diri sted him to report, when the House will be pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Walter Hungerford, and Samuel Ro-binfon El'quires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Henry James and John Clerk be at Liberty to w ithdraw the Petition on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough of Caine, complaining also of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the (Mock.

Marti S', I o° Maii;

Anno i® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pray er s.

f\R DE RED, That Mr. Speaker do ifllie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of Thomas Middleton Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of the clear Produce of the Branches of the Revenue which were settled for the Service of the Houftiold and Family, and other Expences, of his late Majesty King William, and of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and of his present Majesty, respectively, from Chrftmas One thousand Six hundred'Ninety-nine, to Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; viz.

A Paper shewing how the Civil List Branches have been abridged, altered, taken away, or incumbered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament since the Granting thereof: An Estimate of the whole Expence of her late Majesty’s Civil Government within One Year, as it was computed on the 4th Day of February 1713:

A Lift of Salaries payable, at the Exchequer, out of the Civil List Revenues of Queen Anne:

Annuities at the Exchequer, at the I’oft Office, and at the Excise Office, in the Reign of Queen Anne:

A Lift of her late Majesty Queen Anne's Pensioners in England, payable by the Hands of Edward Nicholas Esquire, at the time of her Demise:

Bounties paid by the Hands of Mr. Nicholas, in Two Years ended at Michaelmas 17141 and a List of Warrants signed for Bounties by his Hands, but no Money issued for Payment thereof, before her Majesty’s Demise: Other Pensions granted by Queen Anne in England: Pensions in Scotland, granted by Queen Anne:

A Copy of an Account of Pensions which stood charged on the Civil List of Ireland on the 6th of February 1713: Pensions on the Military Lift in Ireland on the 3 lft of December 1713:

A Lift of French Pensions in Ireland:

A Copy of Queen Anne's Establishment for the Expences of the Civil Government in after the Union;

and the Additions made by her Majesty thereunto:

A Copy of the Establishment for the Expences of the Civil Government in Scotland, commencing from the 34th of June 1714:

An Account of what Pensions have been granted, and also what Warrants for beneficial Grants have been di-rested to the Lords of the Treasury, since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne:

A State of her late Majesty’s Revenues at the time of her Death; distinguishing the Money that was at that time in the Exchequer applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government; what paid into the Exchequer since on that Account, and how it has been applied; what remains in Money, and other Effects, to discharge the Debts of her Majesty’s Civil Government; and whatthofe Debts are: A Book containing an Account of all the Payments which have been directed out of the 500,000l. appropriated towards clearing Debts and Arrears owing by her late Majesty to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, at or before Midsummer 1713:

A Copy of a Warrant for paying 1,000l. to the Lord Balmerino, and 1,000l. a-piece to several others, on like Warrants, to the Receiver General of Scotland, &c.:

A Copy of a Warrant for allowing, in the Accounts of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, the Sum of 4,000l. advanced by them to Henry Maule Esquire.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, Lifts, Papers, Establishment, State, Estimate, Book, and Warrants, were read.

The said Accounts, Lifts, Papers, Establishment, State, Estimate, and Warrants, are as follow; viz.

15 if*,

Efts

Writ.

Civil List Revtuae.

--r- rirttl

r Geo. I. 10° Man. 79

1 ft, For One Year, from Christmas 1699 to Christmas 1700.

<£ * d-

Hereditary and Temporary Excifo - - - 384,152a — 4

Letter-money ----- 75,623 12 1

First fruits - -- - - -- - 3,746 ^4 4

Tenths - -- -- - - -- -- 12,240 — - —

Alienations - -- -- - 3,672 13 5J-

Post Fines - -- -- - 2,276-----

Wine Licences charged with a Debt; so Nil this Year —

Sheriffs Proffers - -. - - - 920 13 3

Compositions - - - - . - - - - 139172

Seizures ----- - 9,281 13 9r

Revenue of Cornwall - - - - -. - - - - 8,727 4 5

Revenue of Wales - -- -- 4,543 4 54

Fines of Leases, Rents of Lynda, §c. - - - .- - - - - 358 11 a

4 and per Cent, in Specie, which arose in Barbadoes and the Leeward glands in several Years,

and was fold in this Year ----- 14,357 15 —

Additional Tonage and Poundage' - - - -- -- - 260,258 15 84

£. 780,298 11 104

Memorandum: 700,0001 of this Sum was applied to his late Majesty’s Services and Expences relating to his Civil List; and the Overplus of 80,298/. 11s. 1041/. was applied to publick Uses, according to the Act 9* Willielmi 3 tii.

ad, From the 25th of December 1700 to 25th of December 1701.

Hereditary Excise -

Post Office Revenue ——

First fruits ——

Tenths of the Clergy ——

Fines for Alienations -

The Post Fines -

Revenue of Wine Licences per Estimation - -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions in the Exchequer ——

Seizures of uncultomed and prohibited Goods -

Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall ——

Land Revenue within the Principality of Wales -

Fines of Leafos, and Rents of other Lands -

Proceed of the Duty of 4 i per Cent, in Specie, which ar-ofe in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands in several Years, and was fold within this Year -

£. s. d.

212,061 1-3 54 75,127 14 8 3,746 4 4

12,240-----

3,672 13 5t

2,276-----

8,000 — — 1,061 17 64

18 7-32,567 10 8

8,727 4 5 4,543 4 54 173 8 4

19,025 4 10

383,24i 3 2*

£. s. d.

Temporary Excise - - - - 212,061 13 54

The additional Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage - - - 306,520 7 9

-----518,582 1 2$

In all - - - 901,823 4 5|

Memorandum: The said Branches of Excise are liable to a Payment of 3,700l. a Week for Five Years, to repay 820,000l. borrowed, and the Interest thereof; which weekly Payments, if computed for One Year, do amount to----- - 192,400-----

Rest - - £. 709,423 4 5i

Memorandum: During the said Year there was an extraordinary Importation of Merchandizes liable to the said Subsidy, in Expectation of a War; which cannot be hoped for in another Year, though the Peace should continue, much less alter a War begins:

And that the Produce of Seizures in the said Year was increased above 20,000l. more than usual, upon Occasion of French Wines from S. Sebastian.

3d, From Christmas 1701 to the 8 th March following. Additional Tonage and Poundage -

Hereditary and Temporary Excite -

Letter-money -

First fruits -

Tenths ——

Alienations ——

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Seizures ——

Fines of Leases, Rents of Lands, fyc.

Hanaper Profits ——

Vou 18.

j£. s. d. 56,102 5 63. 38,783 — 2i 23,995 5 9

500 -

2,169 10 — 850-----

225 10 -r-

1,929 5 m 60 15 8 27 4 7

£. 124,642 17 84

4. From

8o

to0 Maiu

4. From the 8th March 1701 to Lady-day 1715; viz.

For Arrears incurred before the 8th March 1701, towards Payment of his late Majesty’s Debts For Uses of the Civil Government of her late Majesty and his present Majesty, within the respective Times under mentioned; viz.

Between the 8th March 1701, and Michaelmas 1702.

A. 1715.

L * d.

192,660 14 8f

New Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. per Week -Letter-money - - - -' -

First fruits - -

Tenths of the Clergy -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Sheriffs Proffers -

Compositions ——

Fines of Leases -

Lands purchased by Richard Topham, esquire -

Rents on Grants ——

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods -

New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. per Week -Letter-mongy ——

First fruits ——

Tenths -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Proffers -

Compositions ——

Seizures ——

Rents on Lands ——

Fines on I^eases ——

Wood Sales -

Rents on Grants ——

Fines for Mifdeineanors -

Brewers Forfeitures -

Hanaper Profits

Between Michaelmas 1703, and Michaelmas 1704. New Subsidy - -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. 3,700l. per Week Letter-money -

First fruits -

Tenths -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Proffers -

Compositious ——

Seizures -

Wood Sales - ’ -

Fines of Leases ——

Duchy of Cornwall Revenue -

Rents on Grants -

Fines for Mifdeineanors ’

Meddalls - - - - *

Post Fines in Defelcation of the Fanner’s Rent - -

Hanaper Profits -

Between Michaelmas 1704, and Michaelmas 1705. New Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. par Week Letter-money Fines on Alienations Wine Licences Proffers Compositions -Seizures Fines of Leases

Wood .. m,

More, being the Value of Timber delivered the Navy by the Surveyo General of her Majesty’s Woods -Duchy of Cornwall Revenue -Fines and Forfeitures -Rents on Grants -

103,964

108,443

27,543

i,35o

3,725

500

1,300

316

3

300

150

4

3,089

s.

2

4

14

d.

8

5

2

17

6

2

16

7

8

4

8

34

! 249,590 n

262,63417 —

59,704 8 3

- 3,446 19 34

7,903 9 — i

1,500 — —

4,100 — —

905 8 9

17 2 11

9,126 2 2

457 11 10

390 12 2

420 — —

54i 14 74

88 10 1

- . 219 — 8

37 4 7

293,267 19 54

- 270,594 6 74

- 65,994 9 4

m 4,774 6 11

11,032 13 6

1,000 — —

3,5oo — —

1,096 11 114

12 15 —

13,385 9 9

200 — —

- 4,1*4 17 11

m 2,759 13 54

1,083 11 3

m y 376 5 7

1,250 — —

- 2,276 — —

37 4 7*

217,685 5 44

276,282 2 — 4

59,828 17 4

1,400

3,100 — —

1,119 1 104

- . - 10 - 8 8

16,504 9 74

381 43* 2

100 — —

>r

13,351 11 —

2,813 7 6

571 ~ 10

538 4 74

250,690 11 24

601,083 12

676,82b 5 4

Hanaper

i Geo. I.

to* Mail.

Si

Hanaper Profits ----- Post Fines in Defalcation of the Farmer’s Rent -

Between Michaelmas 1705, and Michaelmas 1706.

New Subsidy

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. per Week -Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures ——

Land Revenue - -

Rents on Grants -

Post Fines, and other Pines and Forfeitures -

Hanaper Profits -

Between Michaelmas 1706, and Michaetmai 1707. New Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,7001, per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine Licences -

Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures -

I and Revenue -

Wood Sales, or the Value of Timber delivered the Navy by the Surveyor General of her Majesty’s Woods -

Rents on Grants ——

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits ——

Imprest Money repaid - -

Between Michaelmas 1707, and Michaelmas 1708. New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700 /. per Week Letter-money ——

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine Licences -

Proffers ——

Compositions ——

Seizures - - - . - -

Land Revenue - -

Wood Sales - -

More, being the Value of Timber delivered the Navy Amo 1708 -Rents on Grants -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits - -

Betweeh Michaelmas 1708, and Michaelmas 1709. New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. per Week Letter-money > - -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine Licences * - -

Proffers ——

Compositions - -

Seizures ——

Land Revenue -

Value of Timber delivered the Navy Anno 1709 -

Rents on Grants -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits -

Between Michaelmas 1709, and Michaelmas 1710. New Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra3,700l. per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations - -

Wine Licences *- - -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures ——

Pines of Leases ——

Land Revenue ——

Vou 18. Y

37 4

d.

7

2,276

209,459 9 io|

272,13! 13 3i

60,743 19 ——

1,000 —

3,600 — —

1,188 5 16

12 16 10

11,464 16 6

2,952 16 6f

41 12 6

234 5 5

37 4 7

4 255,953 3 11I

28i,459 14 6i

56,927 12 5

1,500 -a* 1

2,900 — ’ 1

1,064 l5 7

6® — —

24,695 18 2!

1,225 7 7

10,306 10 6

41 16 8

832 7 2

27 4 7

6 4

223,113 8 H

292,190 11 Hi

56,880 11 2

1,400 — —

2,800 — —

1,348 8 1

6 — ——

i7,983 18 10

5,757 2

7IO

5,978 8 11

38 6 8

1,000 — —

37 4 7

231,222 10 H

265,980 18 10L

56,355 1 3

1,000 — —

2,500 — —

1,439 3 10 6

14,797 3 —

928 6 9

4,110 4 10

187 3 4

764 — —

37 4 7

246,161 18 71

228,608 J7 2|

62,006 15 1

1,000 — —

i,go° — —

i,i59 15 1

3 6 8

13,595 8 11

760 3 4*

858 *7 5

£,. s. d.

595,999 $ 7*

562,867 — 4

637,000 15 ni

609,244 1 —

579,325 10 31

Value

8a

io° Mali.

Value of Timber delivered the Navy Anno 1710 -Rents on Grants - -

Fines and Forfeitures -

Hanaper Profits -

Queen’s Share of a Debt recovered from the Crown of Portugal

Between Michaelmas 17 Kb and Michaelmas 1711* New Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. 3,7001, per Week Letter-money , -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Proffers -

Compositions -

Seizures -

Fines of Leases ——

Rents of Lands ——

Value of Timber delivered the Navy Anno 1711-Rents on Grants . - -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits ——

Money paid in causa conscientice -

Between Michaelmas 1711, and Michaelmas 1712. New-Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,7001, per Week -Letter-money, ultra 700 /. per Week -

Proffers -

Compositions -

Seizures -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Wine Licences ——

Fines of Leases - -

Land Revenue - - -.- -

Fines on Alienations -

Rents on Grants -

Wood Sales - ( -

Duchy of Cornwall Revenue -

Hanaper Profits -

Money paid in causa conscientice -

Between Michaelmas 1712, and Michaelmas 1713. New Subsidy - -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,700l. per Week -Letter-money, ultra 7001, per Week -

Fines on Alienations -

Wine Licences -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures - -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits ——

Land Revenue -

Between Michaelmas 1713, and Michaelmas 1714; New Subsidy -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra 3,7001, pet' Week -Letter-money, ult. 700l. per Week -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine Licences ——

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures -

Hanaper Profits ——

Land Revenue -

Abate the Sum of the Lottery Fund for this Year

Between Michaelmas 1714, and Lady-dap 1715. Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra, 3,700l. per Week -Additional Tonage and Poundage -

Letter-money, ultra 700l. per Week -

Fines for Alienations -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions ... -

Seizures ——

£. s. d.

- 3,954 2 2

33 6 8

625 — —

- 37 4 7

- 7>92S 6 6!

192,701 1 3k

- 224,893 17 H

- 69,937 11 7

1,650 — —

1,900 — — -

- 1,171 3 8

10 2 4

12,888 18 7

495 *7 10

605 11 2

- 6,986 14 —

36 13 4

3°° — —

- 27 4 7

- 10 ~ —

261,107 7 2

- 223,858 15 7

- 54,260 12 —

- 1,123 4 11

9 6 8

- 14,520 3 6*

152 — —

1,800 — —

651 10 —

1,517 13 4

1,000 — — -

36 16 8

630 - — —

4,500 — —

37 4 7

- 200 — ——

247,779 18 10

- 248,926 1 H

- 55,bo8 2 10

1,250 — —

3,200 — —

1,091 4 3

— 13 4

12,437 17 4

7i 13 4

- 37 4 7

825 — —

262,895 9

- 257,029 3 1

- 50,885 11 11

1,800 — - -

2,500 —

1,245 12 5

6

- 19,921 17 4 i

37 4 7

825 — 1

597,145 10 if

- 35,oooo

132,606 3 -1

- 145,414 5 7i

- 37,559 15 9

500

587 5 8

A. 1715.

s. d.

568,627 2 3

5*3,614 J5 6

565,404 14

571,227 16 ai

562,145 10 1 f

10,465

13

15

4

7

Land

*1"

i Geo. I

I o° Mali. 83

jj- S'

1,127 1 8

37 4 7

328,299 5 3

Abate the Sum of the Lottery Fund for this Half Year -< - ? i7>5°° —

----- 310.700 5 3

Land Revenue; to wit, Fines, Leases, Rents, Lands, <fyc. -Hanaper Profits -

Memorandum: So much of the Revenues of Wales, Cornwall, and other Land Revenues, and the Profits of the Alienation Office, as. was applied by the particular Receivers thereof, since the 8th March 1701; and lb much of the Revenues of Scotland, arisen since the Union, as did not come into the Exchequer of England; are not comprehended in these Accounts.

Wm. Lowndes.

10th 1715.

A Paper Ihevting how the Civil List Branches have been abridged, altered, taken away, or incumbered, by any Act

or Acts of Parliament, since the granting thereof.

9* W. Cap. 23.,) By an Act of Parliament, intituled,

Sec. 13. jAn Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, towards railing the yearly Sum of 700,000l. for the Service of his Majesty’s Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty’s Life, it is recited, That it was intended the yearly Sum of 700,000l. should be supplied to his said late Majesty King William, for the Service of his Houshold and Family, and for other his necessary Expences and Occasions, out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, after all the Tallies charged upon the weekly Sum of 6,000 /. bluing out of the said Branches of Excise, by an Act made in the 7th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, with the Interest thereof, should be fully paid off and cleared; and out of the Revenue of the Poll Office, after all the Tallies charged upon the weekly Sum of 600l. then issuing out of that Revenue, and all the Interest thereof, should be fully paid and discharged; and out of the small Branches of his Majesty’s Revenues after-mentioned; that is to say; First fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, the Fines payable in the Alienation Office, the Poll Fines, the Revenue of Wine Licences, the Money arising by Sheriffs Proffers, Compositions in the Exchequer, Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods, the Duchy of Cornwall, and other Land Revenue in England or Wales, and the Duty of and f per Cent, in Barbadoes and the Leeward J/lands;and out of the further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage granted by that Act: And it was thereby Enacted, That, if the said Revenues should produce in clear Money more than the yearly Sum of 700,000l. from the 25th Day of December 1699, the Overplus should not be dispoied without Authority of Parliament, and the Grants thereof should be void.

12* W. Cap. 12.] By this Act of Parliament, 3,700l. weekly out of the said Branches of Excise is appropriated for publick Uses: And it was thereby Enacted, That all the Residue of the said particular Branches of Excise, which should remain after the said weekly Payments made out of the fame; and the said Revenue of the Poll Office, and the several small Branches before expressed; and the said further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage; should, during his Majesty’s Life, be for the Service of his Hous-hold and Family, and other his necessary Expences and Occasions; any Clause in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And that all the Clauses contained in the said former Act, for, touching, or concerning, the said Overplus, over and above the said yearly Sum of 700,000l. were and should be repealed and void.

i# Anna, Cap. 7.] By an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it is Enacted, That the Hereditary Duties of Excise, and the Duties of Excise thereby granted to her Majesty for her Life, subject nevertheless to the Payment of 3,700l. a Week for publick Uses; and the said Revenue of the Post Office, and the several small Branches before enumerated; and the said further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage; and all other Duties which were chargeable with the said yearly Sum of 700,000l. the said Duty of and $ per Cent. excepted; should be. for the Support of her Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

3* Anna.’] The Queen, by Letters Patents dated the 3d Day of November, 3® Anna, pursuant to an Act 2® Anna, Cap. 11. created the Corporation for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Cleray; and thereby granted to the same the Revenue of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, subject to the Pensions before that time charged thereupon.

9® Anna.] By this Act of Parliament, the Rates of Postage of Letters, Pacquets, and Advices, were increased; and, out of the Revenues so increased, a weekly Sum of 700l. was appropriated for 32 Years, from Michaelmas 1711, for publick Uses; which weekly Sum of 700l. amounting to 36,400l. per Annum, jiyas supposed, would have been the Increase, by the additional Duties granted by that Act; but,.by the Accounts transmitted from the Post Office, it appears, that the grols Produce of the said Revenues have not been increased, by the additional Duties, more than 8,000 /. per Annum, or thereabouts.

12® Anna.] By an Act for raising 500,000l. by way of a Lottery, for Payment of Arrears due to her Majesty’s Servants, Tradesmen, and others; and by Letters Patents, thereupon grounded, bearing Date the 13th Day of

October, 12° Anna; the yearly Sum of 35,000l. out of all the Civil List Branches, was appropriated for 32 Years, from Michaelmas 1713, to pay the principal Sum of 633,000l. and Interest, at 4/. per Cent, to the Adventurers in the said Lottery, or their Assigns.

Upon all which Acts, the Alterations, Abridgments, or Incumbrances, have amounted to the respective yearly

Sums following;

The 3,700l. per Week out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise -The and £ per Cent, excluded from the Civil List Branches 1® Anna Regina, per Estimation, about ——

The First fruits and Tenths granted away 3® Anna, per Estimation - about

The 700l. per Week out of the Post Office Revenue amounts to 36,400 /. per Antmrn; from which abating 8,000l. per Annum for the Increase by the Additional Duties, the rest is The Fund of the Civil Lilt Lottery, ut supra, is -

192,400

7,000

13.000

28,400

35.000

s. d.

Total - - - £. 275,800 —

This, in obedience to his Majesty s Command, upon an Address of this honourable House, -----1

is humbly presented by

Wm. Lowndes.

OthA/a-y 1715.

Vox- 18.

As

84 10° Me 715.

An E ST I M AT E of the whole Expence of her late Majesty’s Civil Government, which incurred and vrai paid, or became due, within-the Time of One Year; as the same was computed on the 4th of February 171J, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in Use.

s.

In the Cofferer’s Office by her Majesty’s Establishments, and Extraordinaries - - ahout 85,000-----

In the Treasurer of the Chambers Office, by the tike ----- 30,000-----'

In the Great Wardrobe, for Wages, Liveries, and Goods bought - -about 20,000 — - —

In the Office of the Robes - -- - - -- -- - 3,000--

In the Office of the Works, with Gardens and W'mdfor Works at least 39,000 — —

For buying Coaches, Horses, Liveries, and other Extraordinaries of the Stables ... 10,000--

For ordinary Entertainments, and Extraordinaries of the Queen’s foreign Ministers - -about 75,000-----

Salaries payable at the Exchequer, as per Lift A - - 80,196 14 3

Pensions and Annuities payable at the Exchequer, Excise Office, and Post Office, as per Lift B - 42,898 15 4

Annual Pensions per Etiabliftiments, and Bounties by Warrants, payable in the Office of Mr.

Nicholas, as per Lifts C, D. - -- - about 87,455 2 4

Secret Services per Two Secretaries of Sate - -- 6,000 — —

Her Majesty’s secret Services - ----- - - - about 27,000

Privy Purse, by a weekly Allowance, and Extraordinaries ----- about 30,000 — —

Jewels and Plate, including Prefects of Money, in lieu of Jewels, to Ministers of foreign

Princes.....----- about 15,000 — —

Contingencies of divers Natures; viz. Printers Bills, Liberates, Law-charges, Surplufes on Sheriffs Accounts, Riding-charges, Rewards for Services, and many other Particulars - - 33,846 --

£. 584,436 11 n

Memorandum: In this Estimate, the Annuities, Salaries, and other Civil List Payments, out of the Revenues of Wales, Cornwall, and other Land Revenues, and out of the Alienation Office; and the Charge of th* Civil Government in Scotland were not comprehended,

Wm. Lowndes.

10th May 1715.

A LIST of SAL ARIES payable at the Exchequer out of die Civil List Revenues of Queen; vis.

Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain - -

Chancellor and Under Treasurer -

More, on his Patent Fee -

President of the Council - -

Lord Privy Seal ——

Master of the Horse -

Three Secretaries of State, each 1,950 /.

Vice Chamberlain of the Houshold -

Governor of Wind for Castle - -

First Lady of the Bedchamber -

Eight other Ladies of ditto, each 1,000l.

Six Women of ditto, each 500l.

Six Maids of Honour -

13 Judges of England, each 1,000l.

Chief Justice of Chester.....-

The other Justice there -

Six Judges of Wales, each3oo/. -11 Matters in Chancery, each 100l. - -

Attorney General -

Solicitor General ——

Eight Commissioners for Trade, each 1,000l.

Secretary and Clerks to that Commission -

Four Clerks of the Council - -

Ditto for the Business of Trade - -

Master of the Ceremonies -

His Assistant -

Marshal of the Ceremonies -

King’s Heralds, and Pursuivants at Arms -11 Serjeants at Arms -

Knight Harbinger -

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod - -

Two Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Two Keepers of the Council Chamber for the Business of Trade

Latin Secretary ——

Officers of the Ordnance ——

Officers of the Works -

Clerks of the Fines at Ludlow -

Justicein Eyre, Trent North -

Ditto Trent South, 166/. 13 s. 4*/. and 1,033/.

Two Surveyors of the Woods, each 50/.

Master of the Revels -

Comptroller of ditto

per Annum. £

8,000 —

1,600 — —

200 — —

1,500 — —

1,825 — —

66 13 4

5,850 — —

600 — -

182 IO —

2,000 — —

- S,oooo — — -

3.000 — —

1,800 — —

13,000 — —

500 — —

400 — —

1,800 — —

1,100 — —

81 6 8

70 — —

8,000 — —

m 1,150 — — -

- 1,000 — —

400 — —

300 — —

121 13 4

100 — — -

- 420 — —

1,103 7 6

195 16 8

200 — — -

9i 5 —

- 73 — —

80 — —

- 600 5 10

407 5 8

20 — —

166 13 4

- 1,200 — —

100 — —

1234

Yeomtui

i Geo. I. . io* Mail.

Yeoman of ditto -

Graver of Scab - - - _ - -

Governor of Bermudas -

Clerk of the Estreats in the Common Pleat -

Her Majesty’s Surveyor General 20 el.and 200l. - -

Cursitor Baron - -

Two Auditors of the Imprest, 66/. 13each -

Queen’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer - -

Two Secondaries in that Office - - -_ - -

Clerks in the Remembrancer’s Office in the Exchequer -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer -

First Secondary in that Office ——

Second Secondary there

Clerks in that Office - -

Clerks in the Pipe 40/. and Comptroller 107/. 4*. 2<f.

Two Secondaries in that Office -

Clerks in that Office -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats -

Foreign Appofer -

Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Nichclls -

Two Messengere attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Auditor of the Receipt - -

More, for Attendance in Vacations -

His Clerk in the Tally Court -

Another Clerk in the Auditors Office -

A Clerk for keeping the Registers - - - -.

Clerk of the Pells -

Ditto for Attendance on Lord Treasurer, and in Vacations

Ditto more, for locking up Treasure -

His Clerk in the Tally Court -

First Teller -

Three other Tellers, each 31/. 13$. 4<f.

Two Chamberlains, each 52/. 3s. 4 d.

Two Deputy Chamberlains, for sorting and ordering Records - Ditto forftriking Tallies ——

The eldest, for locking up Treasure -

Two Deputy Chamberlains, for joining Tallies - -

Usher of the Receipt -

Four Messengers of the Receipt -

Grooms of the Receipt - - - -

Porter at the Gate of the Receipt -

Officers of the Receipt, on their Latin Order

Messengers of the Chamber attending the Treasury

An Assistant Messenger -

Agents for Taxes, each too/. -

Keeper of Hyde Park ——

Keeper of New Park near Richmond -

Auditors of the Revenue.....:;

Under Keepers of Richmond Park -

Officers of Waltham Forest

Keeper of the Water Engine at Windsor - - .

House-keeper and Wardrobe-keepar at Kensington -

House-keeper at Netomarket -

House-keeper at Westminster -

Keeper of the Paper Office -

Keeper of the Tennis Court -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower - -

Ditto for Three Clerks -

The chief Clerk there -

Mr. Borret, Solicitor to the Treasury -

Sir William Whitlock, Counsel at Law - -

Mr. Conyers, ditto -

First Serjeant at Law* ——

Messenger of the Press - -

Keeper and Guide, of the Roads -

Apothecary of the Houshold

Ditto to the Person - - - - ‘ - -

Master of the Barges

Heirs of Duke of Newcastle, for Keepers Wages, <§*c.

Baron Scrope -

Sir David Nairn, Secretary lo the Order of the Thistle Mr. Tarver, Queen’s Remembrancer in Scotland,' additional Salary' Mr. Tyas, Clerk of the Pipe in Scotland, ditto - -

Under Clerks of the Council -

Vol. 18. Z

85

Per Annum.

£. s. d. 926

50-----

340 — *-

20-----

400-----

163 6 8 *33 6 8 55 »7 4 8-----

7 *3 4 64 2 1

5-----

30 13 4 1 5 —

147 4 2 20-----

4 118 96 *3 4 40 — —

5 -

20-----

73-----

.260 3 4 200 — —

36 to —

20-----

50-----

172 6 8

*45 8 4

50-----

5 -

33 6 8 95-----

104 6 8

80-----

26 — — -

40-----

10-----

6 13 4 235 7 4

2-----

20-----

35 — — 60 16 8

20 — —

600-----

400-----

109 10 —

140 — —

69-----

» 270-----

40-----

300-----

200-----

q 2 6

- 160-----

132 3 4

500-----

- 150-----

too-----

500-----

40-----

40 -

41 6 to

60-----

97 6 8

- 53 6 8

- 115-----

30-----

- 1.000 — — 1

- 1.000-----

300-----

- too — -

- 100 — —

- 200 — —

Keeper

8 6 10° Matt. A. 1715.

Annum.

£. «. d.

Keeper of Bagshaw Park ----- 568

Ranger of Saulcy Forest - - - 40-----

Under Keepers of Cranburn Chace - - - - 20 — —

Conservator of Dean Forest - - - 210--

Officers of Hampton Court - - - 89 34

Deputy Ranger of fVindfor House Park - - - - . - - . - - 100--

Riding Forester, New Forest - - - 92

Mr. Weket - -- -- -- 400-----

Glerk of the Crown - - - 50 — —

The Decypherer ----- 100 — - —

Master of the Hawks - . - - - 1,372 10 —

Clerk of the Houfp of Commons - - - - 10 — —

Library-keeper at St James's - - - - - - 200--.

£ 80,196 14 3 Wm. Lowndes.

A LIST of PENSIONS and ANNUITIES payable out of the Civil Last Revenues of Queen Anne j viz-

At the Exchequer.

To the Duchess of Bucclugh -

To Prince Charles of Denmark -

To the Duke of St. Albans

To Robert Bertie, esquire, for Mrs. Cock -

To Jane Browning -

To the University of Cambridge - -

To ditto, for a Divinity Lecture -

To ditto, for a Physick Reader -

To ditto» for a Reader of Civil Law

To ditto, for Emanuel CoWege, there -

To University of Oxford, for a Divinity Lecture -

To ditto, for a Physick Reader -

To ditto, for a Reader of Civil Law - -

Mailer of Southwell School -

Matter of the Temple -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfeild Vicar of Litchfeild -

French Ministers in the Savoy -

Vicar of the Tower -

Ministers in the Isle of Man -

Governor of Christ' Hospital - -

Poor of St. Michael's, Cornhill -

Poor of St. Magnes, London -

Poor of St. Buttolph's - -

Poor of Walbroke Parish - -

Thomas Lane, esquire ——

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

Lady Wyndham’s Daughter -

Sir Francis Wyndham -

Sir Robert Cotton -

Heirs of Nicholas Yates -

A mi a s Hext ——

Corporation o i Lyme -

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Bridge -Corporation of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness -Eaton College -

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

4.000 — —

4.000 — —

1.000 — —

40-----

60-----

10-----

13 6 8

40-----

40-----

16 13 4

13 6 8

40-----

40-----

io-----

37 6 8

10 — —

15-----

6o — —

6 13 4

100-----

370 10 —

12 4 — 21 4 8

7 -

7 13 4

500-----

100 — —

200 -----.

600 -

5^8

IOO-----

IOO --- —

IOO — — IOO — — 40-----

42-----

11,858 15 4

At the Post Office-

To the Dukes of Northumberland and Grafton - * 4»7°® — ——

To Duke Schonberg, besides i,oqo/. by Mr. Nicholas *.....4,000-----

To the Duke of Leeds S»500 —

To the Duke of Marlborough - - - - 5>°°0 — —

To the Earl of Rochester ..... - —

To the Four Universities in Scotland, 210L per Annum eachf which are out of the Post Office at Edinburgh

21,200 -

840

22,040-----

At

i Geo. I.

to0 Matt,

At the Excise Office.

JO. s.

To the Duke of Northumberland - - - - - - 3,000-----

To the Duke of Southampton, now Duke of Cleaveland - ' r 3,000 — —

To the Duchefe of Grafton ----- - 1,000-----

To the Duke of Grafton, her Son ---'- 2,000-----

Jti *

9,006 — —

42,898 15 4

tVm. Lowndesk

A LIST of her late Majesty’s Queen Atm’s Pensioners, payable by Edward Nicholas, esquire.

To the Mayor and Churchwardens of Winifor, towards the support and mainteiiarice of the Church and Poor of New fV -

To the said Mayor and Churchwardens, towards the k>6 by them sustained in their Church and Poor Rates by Inclosures of Land laid into the Park, called Little Park -

— To the Corporation of fVindjor, for damage in their Bridge Toll and Lands, oh building Datchet Bridge - -

To the Vicar of Old fVindfor for the time being, in lieu of Tythes for Land laid into the Park, ealled fVindfor Great Park - -

To the Rector of the Church-of Ha, in lieu of Tythes for Land inclosed at Hampton Court Park - - - .

To the Churchwardens of the Parish-of Hampton, towards the support of the Poor of that Parish -

To the Churchwardens of St.-Margaret's, Westminster, towards the maintenance of the Poor there -.....-

To the- said Churchwardens, towards the support and maintenance of the Hospital in Tuttle-Jields ~ - -

To the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin's in the towards the maintenance of the Poor there -

To the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. James's, for the maintenance of the Poor there ——

To the Churchwardens of Kensington, towards the maintenance of the Poor there - - - . -

To the Bishop of London-for the time being, for a Minister in New England -

To George Sayers, esquire -

Since dead. To Henry Bulstrode, esquire ——

j F. To John Keraij de Mondgny, esquire - -

To Mr; Abraham Kemp- - - - - r

To Mrs. Martha Lockhart ——

To Mrs. Mary Lee ——

To Mrs. Dorothy Tor way - - - "

To Mrs. Mary Aibton ——

To Mrs. Mary Robins ——

To the Lady Prestwich ——

To Monsieur la Fountains, for Harman s Children - -

To Monsieur Baran de Nevill ——

To George Holder ——

To Mr. Richard Miller, for Brafley’s Children ——

To Mr. Richard Cawthome, for reading Prayers at Hampton Court -

To the Minister of the English Church at- the for the time being -

To Mrs. Claude de Vermevall ——

To Mrs. Charlott Justell -

To Mr. Michel deVaflore -

To Mrs. Anne Richbell -

1 F.

Dead.

F.

F.

F.

To Mrs. Alice King To Mrs. Aime Eden To Mrs. WHliamina Bunce To Mrs. Anne Fitzharry -To Mrs. Mary Michell -To Mrs. Martha Francvs -To Mrs. Isabella Gwillims To Mrs. Rabfey Smithiby To Mrs. Elizabeth Reynolds To Mrs. Elizabeth Disney To Mrs. Anne Disney To Mrs. Ursula Church To Mrs. Martha Bastine F. To Mrs. Hester de Civil!

To Mrs. Anne Head

Per Annutti

£ s. d.

50 — —

50 — —

20 — —

25 — —

36 3

50 — —

— —

50 — —

100 — —

3© — —

*5 — —

100 — —

500 — —

150 — —

150 — —

40 — —

300 T — —

5o

50

30

40

40

4o

so

22

44

50

30

69

60

60

40

100

100

50

50

20

50

20

20

10

20

20

40

20

30

10

_____y

IO —

Vol. 18.

To

88

i o° Mali. A. 1715-

To Mrs. Katharine Roberts - 2

To Mrs. Jone Launce ——

To Mrs. Katharine Tessin ——

To Margaret Jolliffe - -

To Mrs. Magdalen Thomas - -

F. To Mrs. Anne de Veil -

To Mrs. Margaret Abemathey ——

To Mrs. Jane Pigott -

To Mrs. Sarah HuiTey -

F. To Mrs. Mary Bamier ——

% F. To Mrs. Elizabeth Marmanda ——

F. To Susanne Petit - - - .

F. To Mrs. Mary de Alix ——

F. To Mrs. Magdalen de Alix ——

Dead. To Mrs. Ellin Morgan ——

To. Mrs. Susanne Foxton -

To Mrs. Sarah Miller ——

F. Tq Mr. Jacob de Blagny, for the Society of the French Gentlewomen at the Hague To Mrs. Elizabeth Bedford -

To Mrs. Margaret Whittle ——

To Mr. Thomas Smith ——

To Mr. Milborne Maddox - -

To Mr. Matthias Afcough - -

To Mrs. Frances Mackenzie -

To Mrs-. Sarah Matthews -

To Mr. Bernard Gates -

To Mr. Richard Bradley -.....-

To Mr. Rowland Peirce - -

To. Mrs. Susan Benson -

F. To Mr. Gregory Genuini ——

To Dame Jane Douglas and Daughter- - -

To the Lord Almoner, for private Pensions and Charities -To him, more, for the Arabick Professor at Oxford and Cambridge -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Grove ——

To Mr. Walter Butler -

To Theodore Ballins, esquire ——

To Mrs. Katharine Hildfley -

To Mrs. Mary Shelly ——

To Mrs. Elizabeth Tatterfall ——

To Mrs. Elizabeth Harris -

To John Edmonds ——

To Mr. Henry Quinn -

To Mrs. Teresa Wroughton -

To Mr. Richard Drury -

F- To Mr. Bernard de Vigneau -

To Mr. Samuel Pack -

To Mrs. Mary Simons -

To Mrs. Katharine Buck ——

To Mrs. Frances Otway ——

To Mrs. Mary St. Loe -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Atkinson ——

To Mrs. Dorothy Wanley - -

To Mrs. Hester Dawson - -

To Mrs. Ellinor Claufon ——

To Mrs. Mary Austen -

To Mrs. Sarah Wright -

F. To Susanna Duchess de la Force -

To Caftiliana Countess of Cavan -

To Mrs. Judith Sturton -

To Mr. John Goftlin ——

To Mrs. Elizabeth Ramsey ——

Dead. To Lady Margaret Mac Carty ——

F. To Lucrec. de Chavernay ——

F. To Claude Davenne ——

F. To Anne la Borde ——

F. To Kath. Mary de Hubac ——

F. To Ifabeau de Brafsley -

F. To Henritte de Hautcharmoy - , -

F. To Judith de Brugguire - -

F. To Elizabeth Vebron ——

F. To Mary Bondou -

F. To Mary Verveilon -

F. To Elizabeth Hautchelair -

F. To Mary Malleray -

F. To Blanch Tournier - - - a "

Per Annum, £. s. d.

- 10-----

- 10-----

10-----

20-----

- 10 — --

50---

- 20-----

20-----

20-----

- 20-----

- 20-----

40 — —

3°-----

30-----

JO-----

100-----

13 4-

- 200 -

40-----

40-----

30-----

30-----

3,-----

40-----

100-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

50-----

30-----

70-----

" 800 —

- 100-----

- 100-----

- 30-----

- 150-----

50-----

20-----

- 20 — —

- 20-----

20 -

- 60 — —

6-----

20-----

- 80-----

- 10-----

- 20 — —

15-----

10-----

- 10-----

70-----

70-----

30-----

8-----

8-----

20 — —

- 500 -

50-----

30-----

50-----

100 — —

200 -

50-----

40-----

1 2-----

20 — —

20-----

- 36-----

12 — — 12* — — 20 — —

12-----

25-----

12-----

25-----

F. To

Geo

f.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F.

Vet. 18,

I. 10° Maii.

Aimee Lamaugere

To LouUa Lamaugere To To To To To To

Mary Berault

Mary Dumont -

Si'.li Dumont - -

Louise de Launay -

Francis Marioge -

To John Marioge -

To Sulann (de Culan St. Menrte 1 - -

To Anne Benigne Difgrovais - -

To Mary Jolly de Chadignac To Charlotte Montguion -

To Susanna le Cercle -

To Mary de Champagne -

To Mary la Ferriere i

To Henriette Lovuigny -

To Mary Lovuigny -

To Judith Beconne - -

To Mary Champlauif -

To Susanne Champlair -

To Susanna Bette - -

To Bernadine Falquerolles -

To Anne Gabrielle Montmillan -

To Angelique Doudar -

To Franqoife Sarrete -

To Mary Dubreville -

To Mary Jouneau -

To Ester Longuevergue - -

To Lucrece Longuergue -

To Magdeline Dornaunt -

To Andre Pierre Laprimanday - -

To Anne Henritte Laprimanday - -

To Elizabeth Tourton -

To Susanna la Pennotier -

To Mary St Faufievicoufe -

To Sulanna Marolles -

To Mr. Emeraud le Grand -

To Susanna de Sarriers -

To Mary de Rozell -

To Helene de Murinein - -

To Elizabeth de la Bar -

To Henriette de Bellefond -

To Claude Duncan - -

To Kath. Sigcler -

To Jaquelin Godeau de la Roche -

To Elizabeth Perigoix -

To Charlotte Dangeau -

To Henritte Mary la Mucc -

To Mary de Lille -

To Vi6tory Pardaillon - -

To Katharine de Dollon 1

To Anne de Langrague -

To Anne de Boilzuiffeau -

To Frances Pluncket - -

To Peter Perfoode, esquire - -

To Mr. Peter de la Touch -

To Sir Wynwood Mowat -

To Matthew Clarke - -

To Thomas Chamberlain -

To Ofweld Fawn - t

To Anne Gourney - - - *

To Deborah Rolleston -

To Kath. Harlackenden -

To Sarah Okeover -

To Elizabeth Mackdonnell -

To Winifred Whaley - -

To Magdalen Cuningham -

To Elizabeth Machraken -

To the Duchess of Holeftin Bee - -

To Colonel Richard Bagot -

To Major Nathanael Hill - -

To William Fachin

To John Button

The Afternoon Preacher at Kensington for the time being To Alice Shipton - -

A a

89

Per An.

£. s. d.

15-----

15 -

is-----

15-----

15-----

20 — —

7 10 —

7 10 —

13 -

15-----

12-----

15-----

15-----

40-----

12-----

30-----

30-----

15-----

8 -

8-----

10-----

12 — —

15 -

12-----

12-----

12-----

10 — —

10 — —

10-----

30-----

7 10 —

7 10 —

16 10 —

25-----

12 — —

12-----

2-----

18-----

12 — —

70-----

27 10 —

25-----

20-----

50-----

17 -

20 — —

100 — —

30 -

50-----

30-----

30-----

50-----

30-----

30-----

ioo — —

50-----

40-----

20 — —

18 -

18-----

20 — —

30-----

40-----

30-----

30 — —

30-----

30-----

30-----

200 — —

200-----

50 — —

27 7 6 27 7 6

20-----

20 — —

Tor

9°

lo° M

A .1

7*5.

For the French Chapel at St, James's.

For the Dutch Chapel at St. James's.

To Mr. John Menard - -

To Ditto, or to the First Minister of the French chapel at St. James's for the time being, for providing of bread and wine for holy Communion -To Mr. Philip Menard -

To Mr. Peter Rivall -

To Mr. John Majou - -

To Mr. Frederick Furton - -

To Mr. John Peter Nueila - - - *-----

To Ditto, or the First Minister of the Dutch chapel at St. James's for the time being, for providing of bread and wine for the holy Communion, 8/. 12 s.; and for providing of candles, and other necessaries, 12/.-

To Mr. Sebastine Vander Eick - -

To Ditto ——

To Mr. Frederick Furton -

F. To Magdalen de la Chefney - -

F. To Mrs. Mary de la Chefney -

To Captain Roger Raven -

To Alice Vaughan -

F. To Mrs. Amelie de Stirum ——

F. To Mary Urleline de Stirum - -

F. To Mr. John Pellet -

F. To Constance de la Marie ——

F* To Anne de Cloux ——

F. To Bonne Green de Percour ——

To Tabitha Haughton ——

To Elizabeth Colvert ——

To Mary Marshall -

To Mrs. Charlotte Killigrew -

To Henry Foubert, esquire -

To Richard Sydenham ——

To Victory Slingsby ——

To Anne Goldlborough ——

To Elizabeth Hall....

To Jane Bell ——

To Mrs. Jane Berkely ——

To Mrs. Katharine Armstrong -

To Mrs. Mary Armstrong ——

To Mrs. Susanna Leighton ——

To Elizabeth Slingsby - - - -

To Anne Duke -

To Mary Hutton -

To Penelope Hutton ——

To Anne Ross -

To Magdalen Ross -

To Anne Collins -

F. To Abell Tallin d’AUonne, esquire -

To a Schoolmaster at lVapping for the time being -To Elizabeth Minlhall - -

To Thomas Hyde, and Elizabeth his wife, or to the longer liver To Elizabeth Wandsford -

To Judith Fkzharris ——

F. To Margaret Croifet ——

F. To Hester Gehin -

To Nehemiah Arnold, for the maintenance and education of Susanna Arnold F. To Sarah Browne - -----:

F. To Susanna de Mollien ——

F. To Margaret de Villeneuve -

F. To Magdalen Vaudiere -

F. To Elizabeth Sixty Dalem -

F. To Magdalen de la Martiner -

F. To Utefia Aftley ——

F. To Anne Daniel de Grangue ——

F. To Jane de la Salle ——

F. To Elizabeth Sallinanne - -

F. To Mary du Chail -

F. To Susanna de Cantiran -

F. To Judith Roux -

F. To Susanna de Blance -

F. To Magdalen de Chanicer - -

To Edward Purcell ——

Dead. To Mr. Richard Elford -

To Mrs. Frances Ralegh ——

To Rebecca Flower ——

F. To Susanna Pallier -

To Mrs. Anne Bing - -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Waggot -

Per Annum. o0. s. itio — . —

8 14 —

160-----

1C0-----

40-----

10-----

160-----

20 12

160-----

30-----

5-----,

20-----

20-----

27 7 6

20-----

50-----

50-----

60 — —

20-----

10-----

20-----

10 — —

30-----

30-----

200-----

250-----

20-----

so-----

20-----

20 — —

20-----

200-----

100-----

100 — —

100-----

20-----

45 12 6

12 3 4

12 3 4

30-----

30-----

20-----

300-----

20-----

50-----

50-----

50-----

20 — — 20-----'

15-----

30-----

11 -

40-----

40-----

30-----

30-----

30-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

10-----

40-----

20-----

30-----

25-----

20-----

100-----

60-----

20 — —

20-----

40-----

80-----

To

t

Geo. I. 10° Mail 9.1 Per Annum. £. s. d

To Dame Barbara Killigrew - - - 150

To Rebecca Pauldon A W ft m m 25

To Sir John Maclean «. m m 365

To Captain George Porter '260 — —

To Captain Richard Fisher ~ ft A ft 260 — —

156

To Thomas Bartrum ft - A 78

To Robert Imvood - - - - ft ft ft # 78 — —

To John Lunt - - - ft # 5a — —

To Edward Browne - - - m 26

To Mary Walter - A m 20 — —

F. To Katharine du Chail ft 10 -A

F. To Katharine de Bourbon - A ft 25

F. To Henritte de Pons Thors m 60

To Mrs. Francis Bew A m 40

To Elizabeth Lady Hay m m 200 — —

To Mrs. Katharine Stanhope - A . ft m 200 —

F. To Magdalen Errard - - - - A m ft 50 —

To Arthur Reynolds A A 27 7 6

F. To Rose Baricave - - - - m 25

F. To Margaret Lorin - A m 15

F. To Elizabeth Boucher A ft 60

F. To Mary de Ancour - ft ft 20

F. To Margaret Sarrau A A ft m 10

F. To Susanna Sarrau - A ft 10

To Mary M‘Neal ... m 20

F. To Charlott Tallemunt Marmande m - . J ft ft 40

F. To Claude M. de Neville - m 20 — —

F. Jane de Benne Louvigny - - 40

F. To Judith Ricaud - A m 15

F. To John Braguire - m 20

F. To Judith de Proiiy Debte de Tugny A n 30

F. To Margaret de Bar Montmillan A A a 15

F. To Francis Dallon ... 25

F. To Anne Maucler ... 30 — —

F. To Judith de Goify - - - A 36

F. To Louis Pignot - 12

F. To Mary Pignot ... A A 12 — —

F. To Mary du Barquet A m 20

F. To Mary de Blagny ... 25

F. To Elizabeth Veron ... 15 — —

F. To Frances Marie Renaud - A m 12 — —

F. To Charlotte Frotte - - - 15 — —

F. To Mary Anne la Motte Dufoux A A 30

F. To Anne Grosvenor - m 30

F. To Mary Boitout - - - A 30

To Windham Tomlbn 10 — —

To Clifton Tomfon - - - A A 20

F. To Judith Valentine ... mm 25 — —

F. To Frances de Guiraud A 40

F. To Aime Gabrielle Coflard . A 20 — —

To Dorothy Lady Falkland A A 200 — —

F. To Marie la Maria - - - A 30 — —

F. To Mary Gacherie - A A ft 20 — —

F. To Mary Beveridge - - - 30

F. To Angelique Legoux - m 20

F. To Jane Mouchard ... A A ft 12 — —

To Margaret Swintoun A . 50

F. To Ilypolite de Prechac - - A m 20

F. To Marie du Rozcll - - - A A ft 20 — —

F. To Mariana le Gudre A A 20 — —

F. To Louii'e de Foill’ac A A 20

F. To Isaac de Malleray A A ft 10

F. To Mary de St. Meiine A A 8

F. To Anne Guineband de la Milier A A 15 — —

F. To Frances de Grandry de Bete - A 15

F. To Ifdbella de Bacalen A A 15 — —

F. To Marie de Satnazan A A m 15

F. To Blanche de Satnazen 15 — —

F. To Ilcnritte de Samazen - A ft 15 — —

F. To Marianne de Court - A 15 — —

F. To Marie Pechulves A A -r ft 15

F. To Marie Yenier ... 15

F. To Olimpe de Longuevergue 20 — — -

F. To Edoui t and Jane Max Bourdiguc Vpi. 18. A' - - m A 30 F. To

9*

io’ Mail.

F.

F.

F.

F.

F. To Aime Guerin F. To Marie Jancourt F. To Marie de There

To Thomaife de la Court Vicoure To Peter Palmier - -

To Marie Frances St Paul

To Elizabeth Boucher - F. To Mary Boucher -F. To Martha de Ofranville -F. To Katharine Prat de la Deveze To Mrs. Joanna Revet To a School at Newmarket F. To Eliz. Cafarelli -

To Mr, Henry Wemdley -To the Bishop of London, for the time being, for maintaining of William Henry Giraud and John Giraud

To David Morris -

To Margaret Morriibn -

To Frances Ireland -

To Jane Ireland -

To Robert Paltock -

To Mrs. Lucy Howard To Elizabeth Sewell -

To Richard Hill, esquire, for Cyprian and Paul Appia, each 10/ per Annum -

To Margaret le Mar -

To Jane Walter -

To Margaret Simpson -

To Sarah Simpson -

F. To Mark Anthony Daveflein de Moncall, and Magdalen his wife To Isabella Counteis Dowager of Arlington -To Peter Flournoy, for the late Countess of Clancarty’s children To Mrs. Margaret Townsend -

To a French Minister at for the time being

Paidby Treasurer of the Chamber To the Sub-Almoner, for the time being* for the Lady Frances

Keightley - - /-

To the Minister at Album/, in New , for the time being To Isaac Crocker ——

To Mrs. Elizabeth Farthing -

To a Minister of the church at Amsterdam, for the time being ——

To Marmaduke Conway - -

F. To Michel de Montfegur - * - -

To Elizabeth Winstanley -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Killigrew -

To Mr. Timothy Poole -

To Cornelius de la Motte -

To Francis Groguet -

To David Earl of Wemyfe -

To Francis Rainsford -

To Richard Earl of Bellomont -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Doyley -

To John Jones and Richard Lloyd -

To Mr. Francis Sorrell -

To Mr. Francis Hewardin -

To Lady Mary Phillips -

To Charlotte Lady Lovelace -

To Mrs. Mary Pattillo -

To Captain Timothy Crow -

To Elizabeth Counteis of Orkney, for the late Colonel Henry Villiers’ children ——

To Mrs. Anne Villiers -

To Mary Counteis Dowager of Dalhoulie -F. To Mary I.apie - - /- - - - t

To Mary Tliornycroft - . V -

To Richard Hill, esquire, for the Vaudois ministers, &c. -To Charles Osborne, esquire -

To James Howard, esquire - - - - ,

To Mrs. Alice Grahme -

D. G. F. To Mr. Frederick la Penotiere

To F.lianor Goddard -

To Mary Hill....

To Elizabeth Barrow - - - /*

To Margaret Counteis Dowager of Caftills - / - .

To Katharine Duchess of Buckingham -

To a Minister of the English church at Rotterdam, for the time being -

To George Frederick 11endell, eftpiire -

A. 1715.

Per Annum. £. s. d.

- 3°-----

20 — —

30

30

ao

*5 20 20

25

20 200 50 20 100

60 20 40

50 50

40

60

20

F.

F.

20 — —

15 — —

15 — - —

15 — —

15 — —

100 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

100 — —

40 — —

400 — — -

50 1 2 —

100 —

100 — —

20 — —

91 5 —

100 — —

80 — —

to — —

30 — —

27 7 6

500 — —

100 — —

300 — —

100 — —

100 — —

400 — —

80 — —

150 — —

300 — —

40 — —

30 — —

200 —

100 — —

200 — —

60 —

555 — —

50 — —

120 — —

150 — —

100 — —

12 — —

40 — 1 — -

20 — —

200 — —

1,200 — —

100 _ —

200 — —

To

Geo. I.

t o° MaiL

To Benedi& Leonard Calvert, esquire -

To William Earl of Jersey - -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Battle -

To Mrs. Rebecca Fofter -

To Mr. Theodore Randue -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Belcheir -

To Mr. John Shaw -

His late Royal Highiless Prinee George of Denmark' Servants, 8$e.

To William Lord Byron -

To Thomas Earl of Westmorland ——

To Tho. Lord Howard of Effingham -

To Archibald Earl of Rofeberie - -

To Henry Earl of Lincoln -

To Christian Sigfried de Pleffin, esquire -

To John George Hugk, esquire -

To Mr. Nicholas Gutfuier ——

To Thomas Maul, esquire ——

To Mr. Peter Laroche ....

To Mr. Samuel Nalh ——

To Mr. John Custis -

To Mr. Carften Buckholt -

To Mr. Matthew Barrow ——

To Mr. Charles Lucas -

To Thomas Beverley, esquire ——

To John Layng, esquire -

To John Chamberlaine, esquire ——

To Michael Kinkaid, esquire ——

To John Christian Jacobi - -

To Elizabeth Towers -

To Scroop Earl of Bridgwater -

To Peter Wentworth, esquire - - - - -'-

To Benjamin Mildmay, esquire ——

To Henry Hawley, esquire ——

To John Chudleigh, esquire -

To Mr. George Curtis -

To Mr. James Herauld -

To Joseph Turner ——

To George Vaughan -

To John Philpot -

To Roger Williams ——

To Edward Sleyman -

To James Henderson -

To John Sheppard -

To Thomas Benn -

To Thomas Robinlon -

To Benjamin Godin -

To John Hawkins -

To ErafrtiuS Peterson -

To Richard Darlington -

To Robert Simcokx -

To Roger Webb -

To Mr. Peter Beaubifon ——

To Peter Kirke ——

To Charles Heather -

To John Dolloway -

To William Charlton -

To Henry Charlton -

To Edward Williams -

To Benjamin Randall -

To Abraham Carter -

To Richard Broadway -

To Daniel Barrow -

To Robert Dickenlbn -

To John Ball, esquire....

To Mr. Edward Godfrey -

To Mr. Charles Bint -

To Mr. Robert Young. -

To Sarah Young. ——

To Edward Earl of Sandwich -

To Sw Sewlter Peyton ——

To Dr. John Arbuthnot -

To Cort. Walkeling, esquire ——

To Mrs. Jane Kein -

To Mr. John Aubert -

To Stepheu Lefever -

To Mr. Humphry Denby ——

Vo t 18. B b

9i

Per Annum. £. s. d.

8oo -

too *-----

50-----

30-----

40-----

20-----

400 -

6do-----

600-----

600 — —

6do-----

600-----

400-----

600-----

40-----

400-----

140-----

80-----

80-----

140-----

50-----

40 -

150-----

150-----

100-----

100-----

30-----

46-----

1.000 -

300-----

300-----

300-----

150-----

130-----

120-----

50-----

18-----

41 1 —

41 1 —

41 1 —

41 1 —

41 1 — 41 1 —

4\ 1 —

50-----

50-----

50-----

20-----

20-----

20-----

loo-----

50-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

3-----

150-----

140-----

80-----

40-----

15-----

1.000 -

500-----

35o-----

20a-----

150-----

5*-----

56-----

55-----

To

94

io° Maii.

To Mr. James Graves - -

To Mr. William Smith -

To Mr. Charles Babell -

To Mr. Peter Letour -

To John Earmeft Galliard

To Mr. John Shore -

To Mr. James Pailible -

To Elizabeth Debnam

To Aves Wright -

To Katharine Cadick -

To Grace Hurry -

To Gabriel Mary Cabin -

To Edward Normand -

To Anthony Knight -

To James felliot -

To Richard Clark -

To Mary Helbig -

To Alice Beetham -

To Thomas Dawson -

To Anne llendcrfon -

To Love Burch -

To Henry Badger -

To Godfrey Wittick -

To Dorothy Millichamp

To Jans Saintlo -

To Anne Walthorp -

To Mary Barber -

To Mr. Peter Voyer Richauis -

To the Governors of School

To Mrs. Dove Cruiius -

To Richard Feilder -

To Richard Pittman

To Charity Booth -To the Treasurer of School

To Elizabeth Cloffe -

To Mary Peterson -

To Elenor Atkinson ——

To Martha Hilton -

To Frances Keyes -

To the Dean and Canons of Windsor

To Mr. Robert Westley, for ground rent for a house at the Cockpit -To Mr. Edmond Williamson, for Thames water for the said house -To Sarah Brats ——

To Jacob Edwards -

To the Minister of Greenwich, in lieu of tythes for the park -To Elizabeth Person -

To Andrew Pember -

To Peter Lawrenlon -

To Mary Hooper - -

To Jane Wright ——

To James Vernon, esquire -

To Mr. Geo. Andrew Ruperti -

To Charles Churchill, esquire -

To Charles Seymour, esquire -

To Benj. Godiri ——

To Anne Holt ——

To Martha Clarke -

To Mrs. Susanna Durell -

To John Hill, esquire -

Formerly paid out of his late Royal Highness’s Privy Purle.

To Cort. Walkcling, esquire - -

To Carlten Buckholt -

To Anthony Wm. Bohme -

To John Christian Jacobi -

To Mary Pletlen -

To Mary Elizabeth Smith -

To Mary Barrow ——

To Thomas Cross -

To John Geo. Lesser ——

To Chariot Countess de Altembourg ——

To Mr. Burchard Suhm ——

To Katharine Lutzau -

F. To Mary Monceau ——

To Sophia Schumacher -

To George Peterson - -

1715*

Per Annum. . s. d. 56-----

- 56-----

56-----

56-----

56-----

100-----

100-----

6-----

6-----

4 -

6-----

40-----

18-----

18-----

20-----

8-----

8-----

8-----

5 10 6

- 8-----

jo-----

15-----

60-----

- 20-----

20-----

8-----

8-----

200-----

30-----

70-----

20-----

12-----

8-----

3o-----

20-----

20-----

10-----

25-----

- 20-----

— 12 8 20 10 —

30-----

25-----

52

12-----

20-----

12-----

30 — —

: 600 n

- 200 —

400 — 400 —

10 — -20 — 18 — 300 — 400 —

330 —

200 — 30 — 52 — 30 — lb-----

5-----

125-----

125-----

250-----

50-----

100-----

25-----

50-----

Former

i Geo. I.

10° Maii.

95

Formerly paid out of the Poll Office.

To the Executors of the late James Duke of Queensberry Settled at Exchequer. To John Duke of Argyl -

To Maynard Duke of Shomberg -

To Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery - -

At the Exchequer. To James Earl of Findlater and Seal'eild -

To John Earl of Mar -

3,000l. at the Exchequer. To Hugh Earl of Loudoun -

To the Keeper of the Queen’s Privy Purse for the time being To Guy Palms, esquire

To Charles Osborne, esquire -

To William Brockett, esquire -

To Rebecca, relict of Dr. Titus Oates -

To Elizabeth Wood, administratrix of Samuel Johnson, clerk, deceased

Total

Besides the usual Allowance towards the relief of French Protestants,} which was paid by a distinct Warrant, to be distributed, according to > the directions of Trustees in that behalf, Annum, -j

May the 9th, 1715. Examined per Edward Godfrey,

Clerk to Edward Nicholas, esquire.

Several Peffons paid by Warrants of Bounty, from Michaelmas 1712 to Michaelmas 1713. October lft, 1712. To Lord Bellindine - -

11. --- To Lady Mary Mordington -

17. --- To Lord Bellindine -

28. — To Colonel Philip Howard -

29. --- To Margaret Fargui ar - -

November 19. - To William Lord Stawell -

27. --- To Rebecca Brudges - -

December 3. - To Mr. James Greenfhilds

To Mr. Thomas Parke 23. — To Cicilia Newberry, and others, bounty lift -

January 13. -To Lord Duffus - ....

To Colonel Philip Howard -

21. --- To Monsieur Behrendoff ——

To Solomon Blackman, esquire -

23. --- To Jane Steward ——

29. — To Samuel White -

19. —; — To Thomas Parke -

February 23. — To Ixird Duffus -

March 3. --To Lord Wifloby of Parham, in part of 400l. - -

13. --- To Rebecca Brudges -

16. — To John Signoret -

20. --- To Hester Walker - -

April3. 1713* To Colonel Philip Howard -

To Countess Dow ager of Marlborough -To Charles Douglass, esquire

£. s. d.

3.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

200-----

400-----

300-----

300-----

- 64,091 4 —

15,000-----

£. s.

100 — 10 — 100 — 100 — 10 — 1,000 — 20 — 50 — 150 — 460 — 100 — 100 — 200 — 600 — 4 11 10 — 150 — 100 — 100 — 20 — 100 — 10 — 100 —

25 —

70 —

15th. — — To Mr. Thomas Parkes -

May iff. — — To Mrs. Jane Walker

7- — — To Mrs. Elizabeth Erlkine -

18. — To Hugh Speke, esquire

22. — — To William Paterson, esquire

20. — — To Mrs. Kofamond Polexfen - 100

To Lady Anne Silvis -

26. — — To Mr. Richard Elford . --

June 3. — — To Mr. John Williams

23.----- To Rebecca Brudges -

26. ----- To James Vezian -

July 8. — To Cicilia Newberry, and others. Bounty Lift 9. ----- To Colonel-Philip Howard -

13. ----- To Mr. Thomas Parkes - -

August8. --- To Countess Dowager of Dalhouife

10. ----- To Mr. James Greenfhilds -

14. ----- To Lady Mary Cockrell -

To Jofina Lower -

September 9.----- To Elizabeth Gellot -

To Mary Mackay -

To Mrs. Rolamond Pollexfen -To Lady Mary Cockrell -

12. — To Hugh Speke, esquire - -

To Mrs. Anne Fielding - -

9. ----- To Margaret Robinl'on - -

19. ----- To Oliver Nicholas, esquire -

21. ----- To Lord Mordington -

18. ----- To Thomas I.acy, esquire - -

Vo l.T8.

20

50

250

100

150

50

100

100

20

5

5

100

100

20

62

5

200

100

700

10 —

19, To

95

10® Man.

15. - — To George Blacke, esquire

t8. ----- To Wm. Sykes, esquire

14. ----- To the Duchefe of Buckingham

A. 1715.

Jt. *. d.

500 — — 500 — — . 600 — —

Several Persons September 30th, 1713. October t.-----

16. -

20 — —

f Caffills - 100 —

too — —

100 — —

200

150 — —

50 — —

200

15

200 — . —

200 — —

50

20

- - - L - m 150 — —

I IOO —

39-

»3-

January 14. 29.

February 2.

16.

30.

25.

29-

April 13.

May the 9th, 1715. Examined per Edward Godfrey,

Clerk to Edward Nicholas, esquire.

paid by Warrants of Bounty, from Michaelmas 1713, to Michaelmas 1714. To Rebecca Brudges -To the Countefe Dowager of Caffills To Mr. Patrick Barklay To Colonel Philip Howard To Mrs. Mary Mordent To Mr. Thomas Parkes To Jermyn Wyche, esquire To John Snell, esquire To Hugh Speke, esquire To Lady Frances Keightley To George Mason, esquire To Mr. John Blayr -To Rebecca Brudges -To the Earl of Home To Mrs. Rosamond Polixfen To Cicilia Newberry, and others, bounty lift -To Hugh Hughs - 20'

To John Williams - - - - to

To Colonel Hugh Owen To Hugh Speke, esquire -To Colonel Philip Howard.

To Mrs. Anne Feilding -

To Hugh Speke, esquire - -

To Mr. Edmond Chaloner -To William Patterson, esquire -To the Earl of Dunbarton -To Mr. Thomas Parkes -To the Lord Duffus -To Charles Palmer -

To Solomon Blackman, esquire, in part of 600l.

To Hugh Hughs -

To Jane Dummer -

To the Lord Duffus -To Mr. James Greenlhilds

To Mr. Francis Bishop -

To Wm. Patterson, esquire -

To John Deffonfeca -

To Mrs. Anne Feilding -

To John Drummond, esquire -

To Mr. James Gray -To Mr. Edmond Burke -

To the Earl of Clarendon -

To Rebecca Brudges -To Colonel Philip Howard -

To Sir John Worden -

To Mr. Thomas Parkes -To the Lord Bellendine -

To Hatton Compton, esquire - -

To Mr. Augustine Oiborne -

To Mr. Hugh Hughs - -

To the Lord Viscount Mayo

To Wm. Patterson. esquire -

To Mrs. Anne Manley -

To Mr. John Tomafon -

To Captain Ferdinando Callhehan To William Dacers, esquire -

To Joffina Lower To the Earl of Home -

To Alexander Holden, esquire -

To Charles Albin, esquire -

To Hugh Hughs, esquire - -

To Charlott Lady Duffus - - *

To William Patterson, esquire -

To Richard Stone, esquire

To Charles Abbin, esquire -To Sir Andrew Kennedy -To James Garden, esquire -

M37 l S

i.

330

30

100

40

100

62

20

20

100

300

150

too

10

300

10

10

100

100

2

100

20

6a

5°

50

50

250

20

too

75

150

100

3,000

500

to

So

50

100

50

10

Coo

20

300

800

600

10

20

50

500

400

100

107

10

10

10 — -28. To

I GEO. I.

10° Mali.

May28. 1714. To Lady Charlott Lovelace 31. — To Mre. Elizabeth ENtab -

June 4. - To the Earl of Dunbarton

5. - — To Charlott Lady Duftus 8. Mrs. Arm* Whittle -

To Frances Manfell - £. 10}

To Rachel Maniell - - - 10

To Anne Manfell - - - 10)

12. ----- To John Gay, esquire -

15. — Tb William Grabme, esqa’nre To Atme Feildkrg -To Mr. Edward A(he -

18. ----- To Wm. Patterfotl, felquife - -

23. ----- To CiciHa Newberry, and other bounty lift

To Rebecca Brudges -

29. — !< To Mrs. Rosamond Polixfen

To Mr. Tho. Atterbury - 25)

To Mr. Geo. Simpson - - 5J

To Colonel Philip Howard -Jnkj *. ----- To Lady Anne Silvis.

- - 6. — To Archbishop of Thebais - -

8. ----- To Sir John Worden -

12. — - To Mr. Thomas Parkes -

13. — - To Mr. Jatnes Gray -

21. " To Mr. Tho. Brand

- — 23. — To Giles Bryanfon, esquire

*7. — To Henry BuMhodO, esquire

£. s i.

30 *5 — too — — 100 — — 30-----

IQ-----

30-----

100-----

200 -

62 10 —

50-----

50-----

195-----

20-----

100-----

100-----

100 -T-200 -

75-----

150-----

50-----

800-----

50-----

14,517 15 —

To Mr. Rkllard Pendrell ----- - 100-----

To Mr. Alexander Home - - 300-----

To Lady Mary Mordington - 10-----

To William Sloper, esquire - - ’ - - - - 1,800-----

To Matthew Prior, esquire - -- -- - 1,000-----

To Mr. Daniel Arthur, for Emanuel Manafies Gilligan, esquire - - 1,200 — . —

To James Cranefeild, esquire - -- -- - 400-----

To Mr. Adrian Drift, for Matthew Prior, esquire ----- 400-----

19,727 15 —

W" unsatisfied, as per a List thereof ----- 7,049 8 4

May the 9th, 1715. Examined Edw. Godfrey, £. 26,777 3 4

Clerk to Edward Nicholas, esquire. =a:

Her late Majesty's Warrants in Edward Nicholas, esquire’s Office, not paid by reason there was no Money directed

before the demile of the Queen; £.

July 6th, 1714. Mr. James Gray - - - 50-----

12. --The Duke of Shrewsbury - - 549 8 4

19. -- John Hill, esquire ----- - 2,000-----

Jeffrey Gibbons, esquire - 2,000-----

26. -- David Earl of Northelke - -- -- - 1,000-----

Mr. Thomas Paterson - -- 1,000 — —

27. — John Bourne, esquire - -- 300-----

William Phillips, esquire - ioo-----

Joseph Eyles, esquire - - - 50-----

May the 9th, 1715. Examined per Edw. Godfrey, Clerk to Edward Nicholas, esquire.

jC. 7,049 8 4

Pensions granted by Queen Anne, not comprehended in the Lifts which were payable by

Edward Nicholas, esquire; vtc.

Vol. 18.

To his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, out of the Post Office Revenue, T from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Two, to him and f his Heirs Male, during the Queen’s life; confirmed by Act of Par- f liament ----- -J

To the Duke of St. Alban’s, from Michaelmas One thousand Seven > hundred and Four, out of the Exchequer, during pleasure - - - J

To Prince Charles of Denmark, oat of the Exchequer, during the joint 1 lives of her late Majesty and the said Prince, in consideration of his f having relinquished his pretensions to the Bishoprick of com- C

tttenced Tenth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Six -

Per Annum.

5,000 — ' —

1,000-----

4,000-----

Wm. Lowndes,

10th May 1715.

Cc

10,000

Pensions

c>8

io° Mail.

A. i

Petitions granted by her late Majesty Queen Atme, in Scotland, since the Union;

Dates of "WaiTants.

.x 3JMarch1709. To Wm. Carmichael, late Solicitor General in Scotland, from 14th June 1709,

715.

Per Annan.

during pleasure

Ditto — To Sir William Sharp, and Dame Margaret his Wrife, and the longer liver}

of them, from Chri/hnas 1709, during pleasure; with a clause to pay so (

much as the said Pension, computed from lft May 1707, would have f . amounted to-----)

300 — __

Ditto----- To Sir James Stuart, late Advocate General, from Mhdjurrmer 1709,)

- during pleasure -.....-} *°° *"

.. 19th May 1710. To the Procurator for the Church, for defraying the charges of the Church}

Affairs in Scotland, and the Salaries of their Officers, from 24th of 500 — .__

1709, during pleasure ----- -J

23d July 1711. To the lat&Bishop of Edinburgh, from 25th March 1711, during pleasure 7U1 August — — To Margaret Cleland, relidt of David Lindley, from the time it was laity . paid-to her late husband, during pleasure -

12th October ----- Professors in the Universities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, each^ __ ___

too — 50-----

' University 210 /. per Annum 261I1 May 17J2. Ditto at Aberdeen and St. Andrew's, each 210/.

420-----

Also foe Charities to such indigent and necessitous Persons as should be ap-1 . proved of by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; to be diffributed > . quarterly, according to the direction contained in the establishment - J

840 — — -2,790 — — 2,000-----

Total per Annum - 4,790-----

Wm. Lowndes,

10th May 1715.

t'

Vol. 18. 17 John

Air ACCOUNT of PENSIONS which flood charged on the Civil List of Ireland, in February 1711,

PERSONS NAMES. Per Annum, Dates of Kings and Queen* Letters. Commencements.

Thomas Hughes -Duke of St. Albans -Captain Charles Hubeltborn - £. s. d. 25 800 100 V >9 March 1691. 8 December 1693. 5 October 1694. Christmas 1691. Michaelmas 1693. Lady-day 1694.

Baron de Virazell David Jervais, and his wife -James Jones Katharine Wynne Richard Earl Ranelagh Thomas Keightley 100 50 100 100 300 400 11 April 1695. 18 June 1696. 21 April 1697. 21 April 1697. 26 May 1699. 18 July 1701. Lady-day 1695. Lady-day 1696. Lady-day 1697. Lady-day 1697. Lady-day 1699. Midsummer 1701.

Edward Progers - 300 2 December 1701. 1 August 1701.

Airs. Waller - 200 17 April 1700. Lady-day 1700.

Marquis Montandre -Brigadier Belcastle Earl Granard - 200 — — 500 500 3 October 1701. 14 October 1701. 10 April 1703. i August 1701. 1 August 1701. Midsummer 1702.

Ulick Lord Roch Ellen Roch -Mary M‘ Carthyreagh too — — 50 100 js February 1702. 29 March 1704. Midsummer 1702. Midsummer 1703.

Daniel Dering - Frances Stopford Anne and Grace Blanchvill - Sarah Lady Device 'Eliz. Roufell Sir Geo. Barnwell 100 100 50 — — ' 50 —; 50 — j 100 } - - 19 December 1704. I 17 April 1705. 1 November 1704 Lady-day 1704. Michaelmas 1704. Lady-day 1705. Michaelmas 1704.

Henry Power -Eliz. Countess Thannet Mary Murry - - -John Outing - - Katharine Talbott 100 — — 300 91 - — 200 50 8 July 1706. 8 July 1706. 11 February 1706. 12 April 1707. 17 December 1706. Lady-day 1705. Lady-day 1706. 25 Dec. 1706. 25 Dec. 1706. Michaelmas 1706.

CONSIDERATI

ONS.

For what Time granted.

Was a Tide-waiter, and loft his Sight -Good and faithful Services -On account of 2001, per Annum, for life, granted to the said Charles, whose Father Lieutenant Colonel Hublethom was killed at sea, in the Dutch War -No Consideration mentioned -No Consideration mentioned -No Consideration mentioned -Widow of Brigadier Wynne, killed in Flanders -Long and faithful Services -

A former Patent granted to him by King Charles the Second, for life, of 400 /. per Annum -In lieu of a former Pension granted to him by King Charles the Second -

Two dwufand Pounds disbursed by Captain Waller, Lieutenant Governor of Kingsale Fort, for subsisting and transporting Prisoners during the Rebellion Good and faithful Services -Good and faithful Services -

Services performed, and to be performed

For their support, and to be bred Protestants

A former Pension granted by King Charles the lid to her husband Daniel Macartyreagh

These two came over on the Establishment by name -

Deplorable circumstances of their family -

Daughters of Baron Roufell, for their support -

A numerous and necessitousfamily, andiso/.per Arm.

granted to his family by King Charles the Second For his support -

No Consideration mentioned ----- For support of her and Children -No Consideration mentioned -Deplorable circumftaaces of her, and numerous family

During Pleasure. Patent for Life.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

To them, and the Survivors, during Pleasure. During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

For 21 Years.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

Until 2,oooo/. be paid at one intire payment. Patent for Life.

For 21 Years.

During joint lives of her Majesty and the Earl of

Granard. ‘

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasuret

>0

VO

t Geo. I.

Kathari/ic

fERSONS NAMES.

ng, widow

John Netterville-Earl of Roscomon John Walker

Benjamin Parry -

Antonnatta Mowal James King Jft'ancis Birmingham, now} Lord Athuree - -.5

Countefe Dunnegall -Mrs. Chantroll -Countefe of Cavan Harry Power Debo. Rolfton, widow -Faith Steel, widow John Whittle, clerk -Jane Camfy, widow Fra

Robert Fanning -Daniel Magwire -Kliz. Shalcross -James Roch Joanna Cutts Mrs. Caldwell -

Earl of Cavan

John Pratt, and>

John Bayly -j Earl of Grantham Lawrence Stanyan Wm. Fortescue -

Jane Cathcart, widow

John Wogan, and

Judith hi^ wile

PcyAnnttiB-

200 — 300 —

200 —

500 -

100 —

200 —

200 -

500 — 100 —

100 — 250 —

20 —

20 —

16 —

20 — lO —

10 --

10 —

12 —

Date* of J $inga wd Quws Letters. Conuaapcunwnt*.

29 March 1707. 7 September 1709. g September 1709, Miehaelqias 1706. Midsummer 1709. Midfwnwwr 1709-

26 April 1710. Lady-day 1708.

18 November 1708. 18 November 1708. Michaelmas 1708. Michaelmas 1708.

18 November 1708. Michaelmas 1708.

18 November 1708. 5 November 1708. Michaelmas 1708. Michaelmas 1708.

These. transferred" from the Concorfa-tum Fund, pursuant ,to the Government’s Order, dated the 6th of August 1709, ^Lady-day 1709.

grounded on a Clause in the Establishment

200 200 100 24 August 1709. 2 June 1710. to May 1710.. Midluxnmer 1709. Lady-day 1710. Lady-day 1710.

200 — — 10 May 1710.. Lady-day 1716.

300 10 May 1710. Lady-day 1710.

000 — — 100 182 10 — .5 March 1710. to April 1712. 15 March 17*J- Christmas 1710. Christmas 1711. Christmas 1711.

54 15 — 29 April 1712. 30 November 171K

O O f f 26 May 1712. Lady-day 1711,

Foe what Tima granted*

s

During Pleasure. During Pleasure.

COK8IBEIATIOH8.

Serviqes and sufferings of him and his family For support of him and family -

For fwpport of the children of Dofitar Walker, late Governor of Londonderry -

Addrefe of the House of Commons, in behalf of the publick Register - -

Circumstances of her family -

Services of his family -

For his education -

Services of her husband, killed at Barcelona Distreflbd condition of her and family -

Until 2,0001, be paid at one entire payment. For 11 years, and to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the 11 years.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleafar*.

During Pleafare.

Services at Londonderry -

Services and sufferings of her brother, the lord Cults -Services of her brother. Lieutenant Colonel killed in Flanders -

Services of his ancestors, and for support of him and family -

During Pleasure. During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

No consideration mentioned -

Great merits and services of die Lord

For his subsistence -

Services and sufferings, on an Address of the House of Commons - - - 1

Widow of Captain Cathcart, left with 14 chrildren, in deplorable circumstances -

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure, During Pleasure:

During Pleasure.

During Pleasure.

A former Pt nsion to Judith

.'nsion granted by King Charles the Second {Till an Arrear of 150/, per Amum Pension be Moore - - -; paid, and then to continue at 1501, per Annum,

jt till 2,0001, be paid at one payment.

io° Mail. A. 1715*

D

(a

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

o

h

GO

o

a*

PERSONS NAMES. Per Annum,

j£. s. d.

Katharine Codry 54 15 —

Ignatius Nugent Wm. Phillips -Duke of Ormond 146 200 5,000

Edward Conway Thomas Edwards Thomas Keightley Henry St. Piere -Lord Bellew - 1,200 800 1,000 500 300

Earl of Clarendon To the Duke of Ormond, in') lieu of the Treasury De- f dud ions, out of the Rent 1 for prizage - . - .,) Dame Katharine RuflTell Rebecca Holmes, widow 2,000 108 4 ni 200 10

Total of the Pensions £. *2,130 9 iij

Patel of Kings and Queem Letters.

12 April 1712.

30 July 1712.

31 July 1712. 10 July 1713.

15 July 1712.

18 July 1712.

10 July 1713.

20 OCisober 1713. 13 October 1713.

8 February 1713.

Commencement*, > CONSIDERATIONS, For what Time granted.

Lady-day 1712. Widow of Captain Codry, for Support of her and Family ----- During Pleasure;

Midsummer 1712. Services and Losses - - - - During Pleasure.

Midsummer 1711. No Confederation mentioned - - - - During Pleasure.

From such time as "J his Grace is re- I

moved from the V Great Merits and Services - - For 15 Years.

Government of 1 Ireland. J During Pleasure

Michaelmas 1711. No Consideration mentioned -

Midsummer 1711. No Consideration mentioned - During Pleasure.

Midsummer 1713. Long and faithful Services - , During Pleasure.

Michaelmas 1713 No Consideration mentioned - - - During Pleasure.

Michaelmas 1713. Renouncing the RomanCatholick Religion, and Debts on his Euate, and Support of him and Family

During Pleasure,

From Christmas 1713* No Consideration mentioned - V . For 30 Years.

1 Geo. t 1 6* Maiu

jo* ijD° Mail A. 1715-

31st 1713.

An A CC 0 UNT of the Pensions on the Military Lift.

Earl of Gallway — at 1,000 I.per Aby her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 29th of April 1704.

Lieutenant-General Steuart — at 730/. per Annum; by his late Majesty William the Third’s Letter, bearing date the ^-§-th of July 1701; in consideration of his good services performed unto his Majesty: This Pension to be paid during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Colonel Henry Luttrell — at 500l. per

Sir James Jeffryes — at 182/. 10s. per , in lieu of

a Company granted to him in 1696.

Captain Henry Thomas — at 80 Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 20th May 1706; in companion.to his great age, and the meannefe of his circumstances; and in consideration of his quitting his pretensions to a bounty of Fifty Pounds per Annum, which her Majestywas gra» ciously pleased to pay him in England: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Major-General Gust. Hamilton — at 182/. 10$. per Annum-, by her Majesty’s Letter, dated the 8th of July 1706; in consideration of his storming the Town of Athlone, at the head of the Grenadiers 5 and thereby obtained from his late Royal Majesty King William the Third the government thereof, with a salary of Fourteen Shillings a Day: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Lord Slane — at 500l. per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 7th of 1707: This

Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Colonel Wm. Cullyford — at 250/. per Annum; by her Majesty’s letter, bearing date the 3d of August 1706; upon consideration that he served the Crown very well for many Years; and being infirm: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s Pleasure.

Major Edmund Power — at 73/. per Annum;. by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 8th at July 1706; in regard to his services: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Captain Adam Blair — at 100l. per Annum; in consideration of the loss of his right leg, two wounds in his left thigh, and a wound in his face; all received at the siege of Alicant.

Captain John Claverie — at 45/. 1 is. 6d. per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 13th March 1709; upon consideration that he is a French Protestant, and quitted the French King’s service: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Owen — at 91/. 5s. per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 3d of July 1711; upon consideration of the wounds he received in Spain, at the battle of Stephens: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Captain Robert Phillips — at 50/.; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 3fl of July 1711; upon consideration of having served long with honour and fidelity, till disabled by his wounds; and that he is now very old, and in extreme want: This Pension to continue during her Majesty's pleasure.

Captain Cornelius Kennedy — at 200; by her Majesty's Letter, bearing date the 19th of August t713; upon consideration of a Report made to

her Majesty of the said Kennedy: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Marquis de Mirreraont — at 1,000 by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 20th of 1713: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Captain James Peltiere — at 91/. 5s. per; by her Majesty's Letter, bearing date the 7th of September 1709; in regard the Petitioner hath been a Captain of Horse; and in consideration of his services, and the indigent circumstances of his family: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Colonel Wm. Coward — at 182/. 10 per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 29th of September 1709; in consideration of his past services, and the hardships he hath laboured under: This Pe'nsion to continue during her Majesty’s Pleasure, or until such time as her Majesty shall otherwise provide for him.

Lord Blaney — at 182/. 10 s. per Anby her Majesty’*

Letter, bearing date the 12th of November 1707, at the request of the House of Commons of Ireland: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Monsieur Peter Poussin — at 27/. 7 6d. per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 31st of January 1709; in consideration of the Petitioner’s being reduced to a very deplorable condition, by the loss of one of his eyes, and of his hearing, by a misfortune which happened to him as he was doing his duty in the Castle of Dublin: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Captain George Lyndon — at 54/. 15 per Annum: by her Majesty’s Letters, bearing date the 13th of March 1709; in consideration of his not being able to attend the service; that he is a gentleman of a very good family, and of a very fair character; and having a wife and five children to maintain: This Pension to be paid during her Majesty’s pleasure.

Monfienr deTeudebeufe — at 91L 5$- per Annum; by her Majesty's Letters, bearing date the 2fth of April 1710; in consideration that there was an arrear of 500 Lor thereabouts, due to the Petitioner by Brigadier Belcastle’s Regiment; as also, he being in years, and a gentleman of a. good family: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure; but when the Money due to him for his said Agency shall be paid to him, then the said Allowance is from thence immediately to cease and determine.

Captain Peter l)elom — at 63/. 17 6d. per Annum; by

her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 13th of March 1709; in consideration of his former services, and the extreme poverty to which he is reduced; as also, of his great age, which disables him from making any other provision for himself and family: This Pension to continue during her Majesty’s pleasure

Earl of*Mountalexander — at 500l. per Annum; by her Majesty’s Letter, bearing date the 28th of August 1704.

Matt. P cm f

A LTST

i^-

Bat Peafim A 1,0001. tedjf granted.

i GeO. I. 40* Mali. IOJ

A List of Franck Petitions upon the Civil List, as they stand now;

Names. Per Diem. Names. Per Diem, s.

Jotias Vimdr 4 m 4- v. a. 15 ~ Jacob la Motte to - 3 —

Jacques Danbuftarques - - - 10 — Mare St Maurice - to - 3

lArmand de Miremont - . - - - 10 — Louis de Prez - m m - 3 —

(Farmer de Neuville - - io — Mene Lambert m - - 8 —

Jean de Varangle - - - 4 8 — Paul la Port s - 3 —

Paul de Blofiett - m 4 8 — Jean Chardeloup - - to - 3 —

Jean de la Coudriere - - 8 — Pierre Laval A to m 3 —

Abraham Mazers - - - 7 — Jean Thomas to 3 —

Jean de Sauvery - & m 4 7 — Francois du Roure - ‘ - - 3 —

Solomon de Loches - - - 6 — Guiil. Defpierres - - - - 3 —

Samuel du Boifrond - & 4 6 — Anrte la Perine - - 3 —

Rene de la Faucitle - - 4 6 — Jeremy Bancons - - - m 3 —

Jacques Montaut - - - - 6 — Ant Lamaria - - - 3 —

Francois Darcne to - A 6 — Jean Braisday - - - 3 —

Charles D’Albenas A - . 6 — Guiil. Poncet - - 3 —

Pierre de Pagez - - - . 6 — Charles Denroches - - 8

Daniel Dupetit Bose - a 4 6 — Judy le Coutiers - 3 —

Daniel Bernatre - - - A 5 — Charlotte de Lafpos - - - s —

Florence la Milliere - - 5 — Mary de Arzilliers Daniel de la Force > - - 3 —

Daniel Defcury - - - 5 — - 4 - 3 —

Caspar la Balme - - to 5 *- Jean Fontamier - - m 3 —

Guiil. Rientor - a A 5 ~ Jean Bayfe -Jaques Bernard to 3 —

Matthieu Gastine - *> - - - 5 — - - 3

Estienne Dampierre A a A 5 — Guiil. Guion - - - 3 —

Guiil. la Coudriere A A a to 5 — Ant. la Sautier 4 - - 3

Jaques Fontaine - - A 5 — Charles Vandiere - - - 2 6

Jean and Marie de Lauflac - a 5 — Ant. la Raques to - 2 6

Louis Fontjuliane - - - 5 — Claude Playfay ’ - A c 6

Philip Morel to - to 5 — Theodore la Caltiere - - 2 6

Jean la Barthe to 5 — Jaques Roux 4 - 2 6

Francois de Soligny to - - 5 — Ifaae Malleray A - - - ' 2 6

Richard Deferbiers - to to 5 — Simond du Fay Jean Constantine - to - 4 2 6

Jofue des Loires - - - 4 — - 2 6

Jean Fontanne - ~ 4 — Henry Druthon to 4 2 6

Hector de Cramache to 4 — Pierre Sifol to - 2 6

Charles la Cailtiere - - 4 — Pierre du Chelhe 4 to m 2 6

Louis la Malquiere - m 4 — Philip Constantine - 2 6

Isaac Chabriers - ' to 4 — Durand Therond - to to 2 6

Gallon St. Germain - - 4 — David Moncornet - to 2 6

Alexandre Dallon 4 — Charles du Majest - - 2 6

Francois Menivall to - to 4 — Aug. Duval to to - 2 6

Pierre Balandrie - to to 4 — Jean la RoUviere - - to 2 6

Ben Pascal to - to 4 ~ Jean la Raque to . - 2 6

Charles de Sailly - - 4 — Estienne de Guillon - 2 6

Samuel Marconnay - 4 — Pierre Monfort - to - 2 6

Gedion Fontjuliane - to 4 — Jacob Vincent - - 2 6

Albertine du Pally - - 4 — Jacques St Philbert - 2 6

Elizabeth le Conte - - - 4 — Louis D’Hannus - - 2 6

Pierre Durand - to 4 — Estienne St. Mefmin to 2 6

Elizabeth la Plagne - - to 4 — Cent, la Mottebelland - - 2 6

Jean la Bouviere - - - to 4 — Abraham Sandor - - . - 2 6

Jean Monlediere - - - 4 — Samuel Compte la Mule . - - - 2 6

Jean du Meny to - to 4 — Albert Deflandes - to 2 6

Silvie and Anne Montant to m 4 — Alexandre Dutorell to . - 2 6

Charles de Creflerons - 3 6 Jean Terrot - to - 2 6

Pierre des Maizeaux - - 3 6 Gabriel St. Gabriel to - - 2 6

Henry la Lande - - 3 — Jean Roffiers to - to 2 6

Margaret Combecrofe - - - 3 — Abel Marchenvitle - to - 2 6

Pierre Pinfun 3 — Francis la Lande - - - 2 6

Daniel du Coitambier - - - 3 — Anne Thouars to to 2 6

Ant. la Baftide - - - - 3 — Samuel la Boitionade to - - 2 6

Guy dc la Court - - to - 3 — Charles la Baulay - to m . 2 6

Paul Montigny - - 3 — Hanibal du Caulfe to - - 2 6

Louis de Rouflet - - - - 3 — Alexandre Millery m m - 2 6

Jacques la Ratnbliere - - - m 3 — Charles Vignolles - - to 2 6

Theop. Delbrifay - - - 3 — Haac Charrier - - - 2 6

Marie de Brufe - nm - 3 — Jean Gibeme m - 2 6

Gabriel Terrot - - m 3 — Louis du Perce - - to 2 6

Francis Pontreau - - m - 3 — Salomon Liger - 2 6

Jean la Elide - 3 — Arnold Prou - 2 6

Jean la Brouffe . - - 3 — Susanne Thenie m . to 2 6

Jean Dortoux - - 3 — Abraham Courteil to 2 6

Daniel de Virafel - - - 3 — Georges Piozet - . 2 6

Jaques Trenouillet Vol. 18. m 3 ~ Elizabeth Foucault , to 2 6 Anth.

io4

io° M

J. 1715.

Names.

Anth. Bernard Margaret Najac -Louis St. Lawrence Jean de Prades Cosine de Mimet -Andre Labatte Joseph St. Puy Pierre la Briffoniere Ben. Marchais Louis Fontalba Cezar Meflier Jean Lager Thomas Person Ant. Valogne Frances Cabrol Andrie Moncal Cezear la Fortelle -Jean Vaury Jean Dagoz Guill. Maret Mary O’Hara Mary la Mouline -David Lamecourt -Martha Mercier -Jaques Villemiflon Francis Dupare Isaac de Lorte Thomas Favier Ilaac Lcftrille Jean Jalaquier Alexandre des Forneaux Louis Darqnes Daniel Dabbadie -Michael Dubherae-Jaques Burnier Daniel Coutom -Ant de Mezerac -Charles de Loppre-Jaques Limareft -Jean Pa pot -Pierre Portal Jean Bigos -Nicholas Ferrand -David Clavairac -Noah Defclaux Jean Clavier Jaques Rochemont Francis Bafiidebarbut Pierre Goullion Ben. Gaunne Jean Laflerre Pierre Lamy Jean Boyer - -

Jean La Mestre -Vincent Leymerie -Philip Lloyd F.fticnne la Molliere Balthazar du Lac -Charles de Begat -Jean Ban cons Charles Bolleroy -Pierre Mambre Ant Bonneval Paul Pineau Mariane Sermant -Marie Lambermon Gabriel la Mottebrocas -Henry la Lande -Paul Longcliamp -Pierre Fraiflinft -Jean Maflilos Samuel la Motte Grindor Michael Brunville -Pierre Vignau Rene Lestablere -

Per Diem, s. d-2 6

- - 2 6

- - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- 2 6

- - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - + 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 0 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 6

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 * —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - - 2 —

- - 2 —

- - - 2 —

A - - 2 , —

2

a —

2 -2 -2 -2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 — 2 —

2 —

2 —

2 2 2

Names.

Jean Pepin -Jean Veftieux Isaac Bancons Aleide Maimauduc Jean la Beiflade -Philip Girard Jean Jaques Coulom Marie Bruneval Marie la Chapelle -Abel Amatis Theop. Dandre Marie Brugiere Martha la Garde -Maria de Lille Francis Sarter Margaret la Graviere Philipe, Bafoche -Pierre la Roullelicre Jean Surville Martel Monpinfon-Jean la Motte Louis Gallardy Claude Guiraudet -Pierre Mallie Jean Boyer Gabriel Farange -Pierre Chelar Jaques Michel Jean Boucherie Jean Cailhot Samuel du Fan Japhet Puychenin -Alexandre Pellat -Louis Papin Joseph Valada Jolias Villineuve -Francois Maffec -Jean Tauranac Joly Temac Jaques Croizat David Faijon Girard St. Pan Charles Dumas Jean Dulby Theodore Lautal -Jean Grandry Matthieu Briant -Michel la Maugiere Alexandre St Agnail Jean Deloraine -Daniel Fortenier -Bertrand Lailhe -Jean Faure -Louis le Petit Francois Damboix-Claude Belet Ant. de Loches - Jean le Chancellerie Lea de Beliaud Alexandre Lenfent-J udy de Coursey -Nicholas Caflell Magdlin DoJeville Charles la Touche -Jean Monpinfon -Olimpe la Motte - . Marquile de Pechels Francis Garripuy -Jean La (^olle Louis Pally Adam Glatigny Moyle Vernoux Daniel la Cherrois Louis Genellre Louis Rivals

Per D s. <L 2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 - —

2 — -2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —

2 —:

2 —

6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 '6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 ,

6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6

Jean

i Geo. I. I o' M 105

Names. Jean la Motte Champy . a Per Diem, s. d. - 1 6 Names, jaques Bontoux 4 & Per Diem. Sm dm - 1 —

Salomon Roux - - I 6 Jean Daraffus - - m m - 1 —

Jean la Salle - I 6 Ant St Juliane . 4 - 1 —

Simond Cliabert - - 1 6 Michel David - - 4 - 1 —

llaac Eftaunier - - - 1 6 Marie Dagar -Estienne Nifolle «- . 4 - 1 —

Louis Vigneut - - - 1 6 - m 1 —

Jaques D’Homct - 1 6 Anne Thermin - - - - 1 —

Paul Baignoux - - . 1 6 Pierre Guilhermin - - 4 - 1 —

Jonas Pavillard - - - 1 6 Jean Joy - - - 4 1 —

Jaques Melon - m - 1 6 Ant. Garrison - m - . 1 —

Francis Conron - , - 1 6 Jean La Fittc - m. - 1 — i

liaac la Capelle - - - 1 6 Centurion Augier - - - - 1 —

Chariot Mafquire - - 1 6 Francois Vigne Theop. LaCour - . 4 - 1

Paul Coiadon - 1 6 - - - 1 —

Elizabeth Beaucours - 1 6 Jean Teffier to tm 4 4 - 1 —

Henriette de Bette - - 1 6 Louis Armand - - - '4 - 1 -

Joseph Lange - - 1 6 Jaques Barry - - - - 1 —

Pierre Mercier - - 1 6 Joseph la Plagne - 1 —

Jean Alderbert - 1 6 Abrahain Roux - 4 - 1 —

Francis Malherbe - - 1 3 Paul Ville 1 —

Armand La Font - 1 Jean du Cross - - 1 —

Martha Molie - - - 1 — Jaques le Fort - . - 1

Jean Granee - - 1 — Elizabeth Falquier - 4 . - 4 1 —

Baltbiazer Farmel - 1 — Jaques Mongaud - - 4 - - 1 —

Charles Galliffian - - 1 — David Laval - - tm . - 1 —

Jaques Beauchamp 1 — Frederick du Menfill . - - - — 8

Jaques la Bruleray m - 1 — Charles Gaspar - - - 8

Jean Beffieres - - 1 Pierre Maffot - . - to - 6

Pierre Dennis - m - 1 — Estienne Gauberf - - - 4 - — 6

Jean Audat - - I — . David Longlade Pierre Clavier - 6

Jean Viallas - - 1 _ - — 6

Jean Pelliffier - - - 1 — Jaques Granier - - - — 6

Pierre Dumas - - - 1 __ David Bellegard - - 4 — 6

Mare Champlaurier to - 1 — Jaques Dalterac - - - — 6

Gedeon Briant - - - 1 — Jaques Guirot - - - to - 6

Henriette Ribault - ‘ - 1 — Mare la Motte Cercler . m 6

Jean Ribault Pierre Bareau - m 1 - 1 — Elizabeth Vebron, 20 /. per Annum.

Total of the French Petitioners f^er " " ~ 1 9-

Xper An - 10,793. 5. 5.

TVm. Lowndes,

ANNE R.

AN Establishment, or Lift, containing Payments to be made for Civil Affairs in that Part of our Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; which, our Pleasure is, shall commence, and be paid, from the respective Times

under mentioned; that is to say.

To commence from the lft Day of May 1707. Per Annum.

To the Receiver General of our Land Rent and Casualties, and Paymaster of all such Salaries and £. s. d.

Allowances to our Officers, Servants, and others, in Scotland, as are herein contained, and may hereafter be established by us; for himself 400l. and for a Deputy 50/. per Annum; in Con* lideration of his performing the several Services expressed in our Letters Patents in this behalf - 450 —

To commence from the 1 ft Day of May 1708.

To the Lord President of our Session 800 /. per Annum, and to each of the other 14 Lords of Session 3001, per Annum, as an Augmentation to their present Salaries, out of the Customs, and their Fund of Interest -- ----- - 5,000 — —

To the Lord Justice General - -- - 600 — —

Lord Justice Clerk ----- - 400 — —

Lord Advocate - -- -- - 600-

Lord Register ----- 444 1$ 8

To Sir Alexander Erikine, Lyon King at Arms - 300 — —

Hcraalds and Pursuivants - -- - 25° — —

Trumpeters ----- 100 — —

Presenter of Signatures - - - - . - - 52 15 6

To the Director of the Chancellary - - - 25 — —

Four Macers of the Session, each 10 /. per Annum - - 40-

The Clerk of the Justice Court - .- - - 100-

Three Macers of the Justice Court, each 10/. per Annum - 30-

The Housekeeper thereof, and for crying the hours to the Lords of Session - - - - 8 6 8

The Dempster thereof - -- -- 5 — —

Hereditary Usher thereof. Sir Archibald Cockbum - -- -- - 250 — —

Clerk of our Process before the Session ----- - 40-

W riter of Hornings - -- -- 20 — —

Lord Bellenden, Hereditary Ulher of the Exchequer - - 11 10 —

Three Macers of the Exchequer, each 50 /. per Annum ----- a 15°-

Vol. 18. E 9 On

io6 i o° Main A. I 715

Annum.

I- s. d.

Our Two Solicitors, for Salary, and in lieu of all Fees and Allowances from us, each 200l.

Annum - - - 4°° — —

Mr. David Blair, one of our Chaplains - - - - 50-

Mr. John Law, for Salary, and the Alms on our Birth-day - 150 — —

Under-keeper of the Palace of Holy Rood-house - - - 50 — - —

Porter thereof - -- -- - 37 15 6

Our Printer, for printing all publick Papers relating to the Government - - - 50 — —

Countess of Southerland, as Interest of 1,000l. due to her from the Crown, for tome Tenements in

Holy Rood-house ----- 60-----

Knight Marshal - 400 — —

Clerk of the Sheriffs Roll, Sir Robert Lauder - - - - ,- - - - - 50 — —

Clerk of the Borough Roll, Alexander Kirkwood - - 28-

Inroller of the Property Roll ...- 35-

Inroller of the Sheriffs Roll - - - - 10 — —

Doctor Thomas Dalrymple, our First Physician - - - 100--

Doctor Edward Eziat, our other Physician - - - 50-

Patrick Hepburnc, our Apothecary - - - - 40 — —

George Ogilvie, our Limner - - - 100-

Under Falconer - -- -- - 50 — - —

Matter of the Wardrobe - 55 11 4

Clerk of the Wardrobe ----- - 30 — —

Under-keeper thereof - - - - 40 — —

A Second Under-keeper thereof - - - -- -- 20 — - —

Two M afters of the Works, each 200l. per Annum - 400 — —

Clerk of the Stores, under the Matters of the Works ----- 30 — —

Under Clerk and Ext rafter of our Process before the Setfion - - - . - - - 20 ——

James Sutherland, Keeper of the Physick Garden - 50--

David Simpson, Keeper of the Library in Holy Rood-house - - - - 80 — —

To commence from the 25th Day of March 1709.

Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer »- - - - - 1,000 — —

Ditto, for the Person deputed by him to'keep the Exchequer Seal - - - - 100 — —

Four other Barons, each 500 /. per Annum - - - 2>oooo — —

Our Remembrancer, John Tarver and William Stewart, each 100 /. per , and the whole

200 L per Annum to the Survivor ----- - too — —

Treasurer’s Remembrancer - - - 100 — —

Clerk of the Pipe, John Tyas and Colin M'Kenfie, each 100l. per , and the whole 200 /.

per Annum to the Survivor ----- - 200 — —

The Solicitor appointed to attend our Court of Exchequer, and to take care of the Prosecutions for

bringing in the Debts owing to the Crown, for his Salary - 80--

And to be paid to his hands, for defraying the Charge of the said Prosecutions, and such petty Expences as the Barons of our Exchequer thall think necessary to direct for our Service; and for which he is to pass an Account yearly before them; a sum not exceeding - 250 — —

To the Marshal of the Court of Exchequer 80 — —

John Stephens, Deputy Uther of the Exchequer, 70/. per Annum, in recompence for his lots of Perquisites by the Union; and 130/. per Annum for Salary, and for providing and fumitliing Pens, Ink, Paper, Parchment, Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries, for the Court of Exchequer, and the Officers thereunto belonging ----- 200 — —

The Messenger of the Exchequer - - - 6134

Door-keepers of the Exchequer - - - -'- - - - - 30 — —

Two Attornies of our Court of Exchequer, each 50/. per Annum - - - - 100-

John Philps and Robert Arbuthnot, Auditors of all our Revenues in except our Revenue

of Excite, for which a particular Auditor is appointed, 150/. per Annum a-piece for Salary, and in lieu of all Fees and Allowances whatsoever from us, or the Accountants: And we do hereby declare, That, upon the death or removal of either of them, the said Office thall remain to be exercised and executed by one Person, at a Salary of 200 /. per Annum, to be reckoned, computed, and paid, from the day of such death or removal ----- 300 — —

For our Charities and Bounties to such indigent and necessitous Persons as shall be approved of by the Barons of our Exchequer, and to be distributed amongst them quarterly, in such proportions as our said Barons thall think fit; Litis of which Diiiributions are to be, from time to time, transmitted to our High Treasurer, or Commissioners of our Treasury, for the time being, in order to be laid before us----- - 2,000-

Total of the aforegoing Establishment, Seventeen thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-) m

Pounds Nine Stuffings.....- - -j £ 17>96° 9

Given at our Court at St. James'*, the 23d day of June 1709, in the 8th year of our Reign.

By her Majesty’s Command,

Godolphin.

Addition

i Geo. I. 10* Mail.

Additions made to the said Establishment by her late Majesty Queen Antic;

IO7

Per Ann

Dates of Warrants.

For the Lords of the Session and Judiciary, being claimed by them out of the Customs, pursuant to several A£L passed in the Parliament of Scotland before the Union - -- 2,166 13 4

17th January 1709. To William Allanlon, esquire, Treasurers Remembrancer, an additions.

Salary of 100 /. per Annum - - 00 —

13th March ----- William Carmichael, esquire, late Solicitor General, a pension, from 24th

June 1709, during pleasure ----- - 30b —

Ditto. To Sir William Sharpe and Dame Margaret his wife, and the longer liver

of them, from Christmas 1709, during her Majesty Y pleasure, with a clause to pay so much as the mid Pension, computed from lit May 1707, to Christmas 1709, would have amounted to - - - 300 — —

Ditto. To Sir James Stuart, late Advocate General, a Pension, from Midsummer

1709, during her Majesty’s pleasure ----- 700 — —

19th May 1710. To the Procurator of the Church, for defraying the Charges of the Church Affairs in Scotland, and the Salaries of their Officers, from 24th June 1709, during pleasure - -- -- - 500 — < —

9th April 1711. To the Earl of Ilay, Justice General, an addition to his Salary of 600 /. per

Annum, from 23d October 1710 - . - - - - 400-----

23d July----- To the late Bishop of Edinburgh, a Pension from 25th March 1711,

during pleasure - -- - 100-----

7th August----- To Margaret Cleland, reliQ. of David Lindsey, a Pension, from the time it

was last paid to her late husband, during pleasure - - - - 50 — —

12th October----- Professors in the University of Edinburgh - - - 210-----

Ditto. Professors at Glasgow- - - - 210 — —

26th May 1712. Ditto at Aberdeen ----- 210-----

Ditto. Ditto at St. Andrews - - - - 210-----

16th March 1712, To Sir Andrew Kennedy, Conservator of the Scots Privileges in the Netherlands -

27th June — - To Archibald Douglas, esquire, Receiver General, an addition to his Salary of 450/. per Annum -

1 ft April 1713. For the Charge of the JulHciary Court in Scotland, for which money had

before been issued upon account, byway of Imprest -

14th August----- To Lord Privy Seal in Scotland, before paid at the Exchequer in

18th September----- To Lord Chancellor of Scotland, the like - -

17th October 1709. John Hall, Examiner to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1709, during pleasure ——

Thomas Rogers, Clerk of the Port Bonds in the Exchequer, from Michaelmas 1712' -

840-----

100 — —

200-----

1,130-----

2.000 -

2.000 -

50-----

40-----

Total of the Additions to the Establishment The Amount of the First Establishment

- 10,976 13

- 17,960 9

In all

Memorandum: — There was further paid out of the Exchequer in England, in her late Majesty’s Reign, the several additional Sa-

- 28,937 2 4

laries under-mentioned; viz.

To Mr. Scrope, One of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, over and above 500 /. on the Establishment -To John Tyas, One of the Clerks of the Pipe there, over and above 100l. per Annum on the Establishment And to John Tarver, One of the Two Persons who execute the Office of King’s Remembrancer there, over and above 100l. per Annum on the Establishment -

Per Annum. £. s. d.

1,000-----

100-----

100-----

1,200-----

<£30,137 2 4

Note. — The Three last additional Salaries are removed from the Exchequer in England, and added to his Majesty’s Establishment of the Expence for the Civil Government in Scotland, commencing from 24th June 1714.

Wm. Lowndes.

GEORGE R.

10th May 1715.

AN Establishment, or Lift, containing Payments to be made for Civil Affairs in that part of our kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; which, our pleasure is, shall commence, and be paid, from Midfuntmer 1714; that is to say, Per Annum.

j JC. s.

To the Keeper of our Seal, used as our Great Seal of Scotland ----- 2,000-

To the Keeper of our Privy Seal there ----- 2,000-----

Vol. 18.

To

jo® Mail.

A. 1715.

To the Lords of Session, the Allowances which were payable to them before the Union, out of the Customs ——

To the lx>rds of the Judiciary, paid to them before the Union, out of the Customs -To the Lord -President of our Session, 800l. per Annum, and to each of the other 14 Lords 3001, per Annum, as an Augmentation to what was formerly allowed them out of the Customs, and their Fund of Interest ——

To the Lords of the Judiciary, and their Officers, for the Charge of the yearly Circuit; to be paid to such as go the said Circuit; viz. Per Annum.

d.

To the Justice General - - - 200-----

To the Justice Clerk, and Five other Lords of the said Judiciary, each 100l. per

Annum - -- - 600 «--

To Three Macers, each 10/. per Annum - - - - 30-----

To Six Trumpets, each 10 /. per Annum-' - - - - . 00-----

To Three Deputy Advocates, each 50 I. per Annum - - - - -150--

To Three Clerks of the Circuits, each 30/. per Annum - - - - -90--

To the Lord Justice General -

To the Lord Justice Clerk ——

To the Lord Register -

To the Lord Lyon King at Arms -

To John Smith, esquire, Lord Chief Baron of our Court of Exchequer in Scotland, who was, and is continued, One of the Barons of our Court of Exchequer in England -To the Person deputed by him to keep the Exchequer Seal

To John Scroope, esquire. One of the Barons of our Court of Exchequer there, 5001, per Annum, and an Addition of 1,000l. per Annum, allowed to him by our late Royal Sider Queen Anne, in consideration of his having left his practice at the Bar in j which, our will and pleasure

is, shall be paid to him during his continuance in that office -

To the Three other Barons, each 500 /. per Annum -

To John Tarver and William Stewart, esquires, who are appointed to execute the office of our Remembrancer, each 100 /. per Annum;but, in regard the said Tarver left his practice in England, we think fit to eJlow him a further sum of 100l. per Annum; he having had the same allowance formerly on that consideration: Nevertheless, when the said office shall happen to be veded in one person, we will, That the said additional 100l. per Annum shall cease To John Tyas and Colin Mackenzie, esquires, who are appointed to execute the office of Clerk of the Pipe, each 1001, per Annum; but, in regard the said John Tyas left his praftioe in England, we think fit to allow him a farther sum of 1001, per Annum; he having had the same allowance formerly on that consideration: Nevertheless, when the said office shall happen to be veded in one person, we will, That the said additional 100l. per Annum shall cease -To the Treasurer’s Remembrancer ——

To the Deputy Ulherof the Exchequer, 70 I. per Annum, in recompence for his loss of Perquisites by the Union; and 130/. per Annum, for Salary, and for providing and furnishing pens, ink, paper, parchment, coals, candles, and other necessaries, for the Court of Exchequer, and the Offices thereunto belonging ——

To the Two Attornies thereof each 50/.per Annum -

To the Solicitor appointed to attend our Court of Exchequer, and to take care of the Prosecutions for bringing in the Debts owing to the Crown -

And to be paid to his hands, for defraying the Charge of the said Prosecutions, and such petty Expences as the Barons of pur Exchequer shall think necessary to direct for our service; and for which he is to pals an account yearly before them, a sum not exceeding -

To the Marshal of our Court of Exchequer -

To the Messengers of the Exchequer -

To the Door-keepers of the Exchequer ——

To John Philps and Robert Arbuthnot, Auditors of all our Revenues in Scotland, except 01.tr Revenue of Exrife, for which a particular Auditor is appointed, 150 a-piece for salary,

and in lieu of all fees and allowances whatsoever from us, or the Accountants: And we do hereby declare, That, upon the death or removal of either of them, the said office shall remain to be executed and exercised by one person, at a salary of 2001, per Annum, to be reckoned, computed, and paid, from the day of such death, or removal -

To the Examiner of the Court of Exchequer -

To the Clerk of the Port Bonds in the Exchequer -

To the Heraulds and Pursuivants ——

To Six Trumpets ——

To the Presenter of Signatures ——

To the Director of the Chancellary ——

To the Lord Advocate -

To the Two Solicitors, for salary, in lieu of all fees and allowances from us, each 200l. per Annum ——

To the Four Macers of Session, each 10/. per Annum -

To the Clerk of the Justice Court -

To the Three Macers of the Justice Court, each 10/. per Annum -

To the House-keeper thereof -

To the D emptier thereof -

Ter Annum. £. s. d.

1,666 13 4 500-----

5,000-----

1,130-----

1.000 -

400 -

444 16 8

300 -r —

1.000 -

100 — - — '

1.500 -

1.500 — —

300 — —

300-----

200-----

200 — — 100-----

80-----

250 -

80-----

613 4

30-----

300-----

50-----

40-----

250-----

100-----

52 15 6

25-----

600-----

400-----

40-----

100-----

30-----

8 6 8

5-----

To

1 Geo. I.

*o 'Ma

To the Clerk of our Process before the Session

To the Writer of Homings -

To the Keeper of the Register of Homings ——

To the Hereditary Ulher of the Exchequer ——

To the Hereditary Ulher of the Court of Session -

To the Three Macers of Exchequer, each 50 /. per Annum -

To the Knights Marshal *....

To the Clerk to the Borough-Roll -

To the Inroller of the Property-Roll -

To the Under-Clerk of the Process -

To the Extraffcer of the Process ——

To the Receiver-General of our Land-Rents and Casualties, and Paymaster of all such Salaries and Allowances to our Officers, Servants, and others, in , as are herein contained, and may

hereafter be established by us, for himself and Clerks - - - - -

To our Almoner, for Salary, and the Alms on our Birth-day -

To Mr. David Blair, one of our Chaplains -

To our Limner ——

To the Mailer of our Wardrobe ——

To the Clerk thereof- ——

To the Under-keeper thereof ——

To the Second Under-keeper thereof ——

To the Duchels of Hamilton, Heretable Housekeeper of in lieu and satisfaction of

all Allowances formerly made to the said Housekeeper, both in Money and Victuals -

To the Under-keeper of the Palace of Holy-rood-house -

To the Countess of Southerland, as the Interest of 1,000l. due to her from the Crown, for some Tenements in Holy-rood-house -

To our First Physician

To our other Physician -

To our Apothecary ——

' To the Under-Falconer ——

To the Two Matters of our Works, each too I per Annum -

" To the Clerk of the Stores under the Mailer of our Works -

To the Keeper of the Physick-Garden ——

' To our Charities and Bounlies to such indigent and necessitous Persons as shall be approved of by the Barons of our Exchequer; and to be distributed amongst them quarterly, in such proportions as our laid Barons shall think lit; Lists of which Distributions are to be, from time to time, transmitted to the Commissioners of our Treasury, or High Treasurer, for the time being, in order to be laid before us ——

To the Procurator for the Church, for defraying the Charge of the Church-Affairs in Scotland, and the Salaries of their Officers -

To the Conservator of the Privileges of Scotland in the NetN&Hands -

To Wm. Carmichael, late Solicitor-General, a Pension of To Margaret Sharp, Relict of Sir William Sharp, deceased, a Pension of

To Alexander late JBiHiop of Edinburgh -To Margaret Clellan, Widow of David Lihdlay, deceased -

109

Four Universities, a 10 /. per Annum each; University of Edinburgh, for their Professors -University of Glafgmv, for their Professors -

University of St. Andrews, for their Professors -University of Aberdeen, for their Professors -

Per Ann

fj. s. d.

40-----

50-----

20 — —

11 10 - —

250-----

150-----

400-----

28-----

35-----

10-----

10-----

650

150

50

100

55

30

40

20

11

46

50

60

100

50

40

50

400

30

50

2,000-----

500-----

100 — -

300-----

300-----

100-----

50-----

Per Annum.

210-----

210-----

210 — — 210-----

840-----

Amounting in all to - - - 29,293 2 4

And our further pleasure is, and we do hereby allb establidi an Allowance to be made to the Four Messengers of the Receipt of our Exchequer, at the Rate of 18/. for each Proclamation, and Order of Council, directed to be distributed through Scotland. Dated at our Palace at St. James's, the 23d day of December 1714, in the first year Of our Reign.

By his Majesty s Command, Halifax,

Wm. Lozcndts. JVm. St. Quint in,

EdicardfVorttey.

v. Xot. 18. F As

no

to0 Mali,

a. 171:5,

Am ACCOUNT of what Pensions have been granted, and also what Warrants for beneficial Grants have bcert directed to the Lords of the Treasury, since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne;

Dates of Warrants.

Pensions, or Additional Salaries;

Per Annum.

4th February

28th February

500-----

500-----

600-----

28 February 1714.

9 March -

19.

20 December 1714.

19th November 1714. For Letters-Patents for settling the Salaries of the Judges in the three Courts, £. s. d.

whereby there is an Increase to the Chief Justice of the King’s Bench i,ooooi.; the three other Justices of the said Court, 500l. each; the Chief Justice of the Common-Pleas, i,oooo/.; and the three other Justices of the said Court, each 500l.; also to the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer 1,000l.; and to three other Barons of the said Court, each 500l.; commencing from the end of Trinity Term 1714, and payable to them,

and their Successors, during their continuance in their respective Offices - 7,500-

Both December - - For a Grant under the Great Seal to John Duke of Argyll, from 24th June,

1714, during his Majesty’s pleasure ----- -3,000-----

- For a Grant to Daniel Earl of Nottingham, from 2ad September 1714, during

pleasure - - 3,500 — —

Fora Grant to John Lord Somers, from Chrijhnas 1714, during pleasure - 2,000 — —

- For a Grant to Judith Hawley, from Chrijhnas 1714, during pleasure; not

passed under Seal - 300 -

For a Grant to Charlott Lady Fretchville, from 1714, during

pleasure - -

For a Grant to # Lord Fitzwalter, from Chrijhnas 1714, during pleasure; not passed under Seal -

For a Grant to Sir Philip Meadows, senior, from 1714, during

pleasure -

For a Grant to Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, from 1714, during

pleasure; not passed under Seal - - - -3,000

For a Grant to Peter Flournois, for the late Countess of Clancarty’s Children,

from Christmas 1714, during his Majesty’s pleasure ... -1,000

For a Grant to William Earl of Dartmouth, from Christmas 1714, during pleasure; not passed under Seal - - - -2,000

- Fora Grant to Thomas Marquis of Wharton, since deceased, from the 22d

September 1714, during pleasure; not passed under Seal - - -2,000

- For a Grant to Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, from Christmas

J 714, during pleasure - -- -- - -2,000

For a Grant under the Privy-Seal to the respective Persons under-mentioned, the several yearly sums following, from Christmas 1714, during pleasure; viz.

To Charles Marquis of Tweddale'* - -

To John Earl of Southerland - -....

To David Earl of Buchan ——

To Patrick Earl of Marchmo0i -

To James Earl of Bute - -....

To Henry Earl of Delorain - -

To Charles Arefkine, esquire

To John Haldane, of Glenagles, esquire - -To Thomas Kenedy, esquire -

- For a Grant under the Great Seal to James Earl of Findlater and Seafeild, from Christmas 1714, during his Majesty’s pleasure -

For a Grant to Hugh Earl of Loudoun, from Chrijhnas 1714, during pleasure 2,000 For a Grant under the Privy Seal to the respective Persons under-mentioned, the several yearly sums following, from Christmas 1714, during pleasure; viz.

To John Earl of Crawford - - - - 300-----

To Alexander Earl of Caithness - 200-----

To Alexander Earl of Hume.....* 200-----

To William Earl of Kilmarnock - ----- - 200-----

To George Earl of Dunbarton - - * - - - - 300 — - —

To Alexander Earl of Kincardine - 300 — —

To James Earl of Hyndford - - 300 — — r

To John Earl of Cromartie - 200----- r

To John Lord Forbes - - -- 200 — —

To John Lord Grey - - - -100-----

To Francis Lord Sempell - - 200 ——

To John Lord Elphifton - - 100 — - —

To Patrick Lord Oliphant - -- 200-----

To James Lord Torphicon ----- - 200-----

To David Lord Lindores - - too-----

To George Lord Rea ----- - 200-----

To George Lord Forester - -- 200-----

To John Lord Napier ----- - 200-----

To Lord Frafer - - - -100-----

To Alexander Lord Elibank ----- 200 — , —

To Robert Lord Hollo - - -- 200 — —

To John Lord Ballenden 200-----

To Allen Lord Cathcart -.....- -100-----

To Major Aikman - - - - - - -100-----

To

27th

1,200-----

800 — —

800 ——

800 — —

800-----

800-----

400-----

'400-----

' '400 ~ —

- 1,000 — —

19th January 171

-filial-.....:

i Geo. 1

23 January 1714. 7 April 1715.

Dates of Warrants.

30th September 1714. .11 November. —

6 Jan.1714.

6 Jan. - - , -8 February. - -

23 -

*8. - -

3 Afay 1715.

6 -

7- -

8. -

15 December 1714,

20 December 1714, and 13 April 1715.

30 December 1714.

13 April 1715. Vol. 18.

io° A/tf/Vl

To Captain John Campbell

To William Maxwell, of Caithness, esquire - -

A Warrant ligned by the King, directed to the Treasurer of the Chamber for the time being, for paying to the Sub Almoner for the time being, for the use of the Lady Frances Keightley, from Christmas 1714, during his Majesty’s pleasure -

For Letters of Privy-Seal to issue to Mr. Blagny, a yearly sum of 7,200l. for divers French Pensioners, and others, from lft August 1714, during his Majesty’s Pleasure; not yet passed under Seal -

III

s.

loo ____.

100 _.__,

400 — —

" 7,2oo______-

£ 49»6oo — __

Bounties.

A Warrant signed by the King, for payingto Charlott Lady Duffus - " -

A like Warrant, for paying to the Lady Anne Morgan A like Warrant, For paying to Sir' Robert Breedon and Randolph Knipe, knights, Sheriffs of the City of Lond, as of his Majesty’s Bounty, towards the relief and discharge of poor Prisoners for debt -A like Warrant, for payingto Richard Steel, esquire, now Sir Richard Steel A like Warrant, for paying to Charlott Lady Lovelace -A like Warrant, for paying to Mrs. Jane Kingdon, one of the Maids of Honour to her late Majesty, as a Bounty to her for her Marriage-portion A like W arrant, for paying to Mrs. Mary Foreller, another of the Maids of Honour to her laid late Majesty, as a Bounty for her Marriage-portion A like Warrant, directed to the Treasurer of the Chamber, for paying to the Sub-Almoner, for the use of the Lady Frances Keightley, as of his Majesty’s Bounty ——

A like Warrant, directed to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for paying to Sir Wm. Fazakerly, knight, Chamberlain of the City of as of his Majesty’s charity and benevolence to the Poor inhabiting within the parishes in and about the said city -

A like Warrant, for paying to Henry D’Avenant, esquire - - - Y -

A like Warrant, for paying to the Duke of Montroffe -A like Warrant, for a Bounty to the Marquis Dulmaffes -A like Warrant, for paying to the Earl of Rothes, by way of Bounty -A like Warrant, for paying to the said Earl, as High Commissioner of the Assembly in Scotland ——

A like Warrant, for paying to Judith Hawley, widow, by way of Bounty Duke of Montroife, a ;d Principal Secretary of State, for secret Services, 3,000l.; whereof issued in part -

Paid by the hands of Mr. Thomas Lowther, out of 2,000l. issued to him,

To Mon' D’Elorme To Mr. Greenlheilds -

To Mrs. Mackenzie -

To John Butts -To Edith Colledge To William Powell

To Mr. Cornwallis To John Dwyre -

To Ann Whittle

To Mrs. Newbery

To Anne' Kerlke -To Jane Dickinson , -

To Francis and Racbell Manfell To Thomas Tagg To Elizabeth Newman -To Elianor Conway To Judith North -To Uriah Ironmonger -

To ('harlot Rvcaut

«£ s. d.

53 15 — loo_______

J,000 __

500 — loo __.

3.000

3.000 — -

To Elizabeth Kofington -To Charles Palmer

To Mrs. Griffith -

To Lady Artfkine

To Ann Christian

To Lady Duffus -

To John Dwyre -

To Edward Williams

To Lord Willoughby of Parham

For a Sea Atlas -

To Mrs. Griffith -

To Mrs. Colledge

£ s. d.

200 - — — ,

100 — —

20 — —

10 — —

20 — —

10 — —

100 — —

10 — —

10 — —

20 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

5 10 — —

10 — —

20 — —

10 —

50 — —

43 — —

20 — — -

100 — —

10 — —

15 — —

100 — ——

‘ —

300 -

1.000 — -

1.000 -- —

317 10 —

215-----

300-----»

700 — — - 150 — —

- 2*000 — < —

107

50

20

10 —

T#

lit

io® Mail.

- - ----- ^.1715-

To Jane Dickenson - 10-----

To Anne Manfell - - - - 5 — —

To Anne Kerike - 10-----

To Judith North - - - «. - 10-----

To Mrs. Newbery - - - - 20 — —

To Mrs. Bruges, alias Pride - ... - - - 20-----

To Anne Whittle - - 10 — —

To Win. Powell - - 10-----

To John Butts - 10-----

To Elianor Conway - 5-----

To Mrs. Rycaut - - 20-----

To Uriah Ironmonger - 10-----

To Lady Newport - - - 50-----

-----1,425 *0 —

13 and 30 September Also paid, pursuant to his Majesty’s pleasure, by the hands .1714, 17 November, of William Borret* esquire, on account of the distempered

24 February. cattle 6,774 1 t

2«,93A 1

Mcnprandum: Note, There have been no Payments out of secret Service Monies at the Treasury since his Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, as was usual in former Reigns.

fVm. Lowndes. loth May 1715.

A STATE

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

o

oo

?r

o

tfQ

A STATE of her late Majesty’s Revenues at the Tune of her Death; distinguistring the Money that tvas at that Time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government; what paid into the Exchequer since on that Account j and how it has been applied; what remains in Money, or other Effects, to discharge the Debts of her Majesty’s Civil Government; and what those Debts are; viz.

To Cadi remaining in the Exchequer on the lft August 1714; viz*

Of the 500,000l. Lottery-money -

Of other Money of the Civil List Funds -

To Money received at the Exchequer between the id August 1714, and the 6th

Day of May 1715; viz*

Hereditary and Temporary Excise -

Additional Tonage and Poundage -

Letter-money - -

Small Branches -

16, H3 15 72

i,35 2

65,529 13 iof 41,392 6 6 15,29a a 10 4,439 4*

£ *' d i7»493 17

1*6,653 7i

144>147 9 6

To Money remaining in the Exchequer the 6th May 1715, as per contra

There is further expected to be brought into the Exchequer, on the said several Branches above-mentioned, about -

And for the Value of Tin unfold, by Eftinmtion, about

£ *- d

18,996 10 3J

43,000 — — 317,452 -

£ 379^448 10 3i

By paid towards clearing the Debts to her J^le Majesty’s Civil Government; viz.

To the Cofferer, to clear to Christmas 1713 -

To the Treasurer of the Chamber, the like -

To the Master of the Great Wardrobe, the like -

For a Surplus on the lall Account of the Robes, whilst the Duchess of Marlborough was Mistress thereof ——

To foreign Ministers, to Christmas 1713 ——

To Fees and Salaries at the Exchequer, to same time -

To Pensions and Annuities payable there, to D° ——

To Pensions, Bounties, 4*c. including 13,500l. for French Protestants, per Mr. Nichotos To the Band of Gentlemen Pehlioners, to Christmas 1713

To Mr. Scobell, to pay for Tin ——

To her late Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate ——

To divers Contingencies -

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 6th May 1715; viz Of the 500,000l. Lottery-money -

Of other Civil List-money -

£ * d.

i6, H3 15 7

2,853 14

£ d

9*339 U 7,080 18 11,800 16 6's

1,050 — 3

16,859 17 6

7.283 19 5 3,093 n 30,080 10 — 2,512-----

28»3>7

2,823

4

11

1H 11

4.908

6 7i

iis.iso >9 H 18,096 10 3i

144.147 9 6

By Sums owing to clear her late Majesty’s Debts to the Time of her Demise; viz. To the Cofferer of the Houshold, to lft August 1714

To the Treasurer of the Chamber, yearly Payments to 24th June 1714 j J To the Master of the Great Wardrobe, to lft August 1714 To the Works to lft August 1714 -

To Mr. Wife, for Works at Windsor, to D°

To foreign Ministers, to same time, about -To Fees and Salaries at the Exchequer, to same time - -

To Pensions and Annuities payable there, to same time -To annual Pensions, by the hands of Mr. Nicholas, to Midsummer 1714 To Extraordinaries of the Stables, to ill August 1714 -

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, Half a Year to Midsummer 1714 To divers Contingencies9 per Estimation ....

11s to 1st August

K Total, by way of Estimate -

And there is owing, for Loans undischarged, upon the Register for Tin, according to a Certificate thereof from the Exchequer, this 9th May 1715 -

35,884

15*364

3,289

4°,454

1,722

30,261

25,929

5,168

54,606

18,697

3,000

15,091

Sm J.

17

1

16 si

18 5* 14 11

2 n| 10 10 6 5

13 4*

249,470 17 5 96,44* 9 7

345,9*2 7 —

Memorandum: There is likewise a Petition of the French Protestants for the Arrears of 15,000l. per Annum formerly paid to them.

And also a Petition of the Workmen employed at Blenh6m} demanding about 42,000/, whilst that Building was carrying on at her Majesty’s Expence,

WO

1 Geo. I.

iia io °Maii. 1715.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS, in or about the Month of November 1711, we did, by Commission under our Seal appointed to be kept in place of our Great Seal of nomi-

nate and constitute our Right Trusty and Well-beloved John Lord Balmerino, and several others therein named, during our Pleasure only, to be Commissioners for executing die Office of High Chamberlain of Scotland, with such Powers and Authorities, and in such Manner, as by the said Commission, Relation being the reunto had, may appear: And whereas we are graciously pleased to allow unto the said Lord Balmerino, in Confederation thereof, a Sum of 1,000l.: Our Will and Pleasure now is, and we do hereby direct, authorize, and command, That, out of the Sum of 5,040/. lately paid to your Hands by die Representatives of Sir George Hume, and others, for the Causes mentioned in our Letters of Privy Seal in that behalf, you forthwith pay over to the said John Lord Bat-merino, or his Assigns, the said Sum of 1,000l. without any Account, Imprest, or other Charge, to be set upon him in our Exchequer, for the fame: And this shall be, as well to you for Payment, as to the Auditors, and all others concerned, for Allowing thereof, upon your Account, a sufficient Warrant. Given at our Court at St. James's, the 14th Day of May 1714, in the Thirteenth Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command,

To our Trusty and Well-beloved

Archibald Douglas, of Cavers,

Esquire, Receiver General of our Land Rents, and Casualties in Scotland.

Alexander Earl of Eglington, David Earl of Wm. Lord Haddo, the like Warrants, mutatis mutandis.

27th July 1714. Andrew Cockburn, Merchant, a like Warrant for 1,000l.: mentioned to be in Satisfaction of Money expended by him for her late Majesty’s Service.

24th July 1714. A Warrant signed by her late Majesty, directed to Mr. Nicholas, for paying 1,000l. to David Earl of Northesk, as of her Majesty’s Bounty.

etith July 1714. A like Warrant, directed to Mr. Nicholas, for paying to Thomas Paterson j,oooo/. as of like Bounty.

ANNER.

WHEREAS we directed you, our High Treasurer, to signify our Commands to the Commissioners for managing our Revenues of Excise in Scotland to advance and pay to our Trusty and Well-beloved Henry Maule Esquire, a Sum of 4,000l. out of that Part of our Revenue of Excise applicable to the Ufesof our Civil Government: And whereas you our said High Treasurer have laid before us the annexed Acquittance of the said Henry Maule, given to our said Commissioners, acknowledging the Receipt of the said Sum; and we being fully satisfied, not only that the said Sum hath been paid to the said Henry Maule, but also with the Expenditure thereof by him for such our Service, as we had directed: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and we do hereby direct, authorize, and command, That, in pursuance of our Letters of Privy Seal in this behalf, you, and every of you, and all others herein concerned, do make and give full and plenary Allowance and Discharge to the said Commissioners of Excise, in their Accounts of that Part of the Excise which is applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government, of the said Sum of 4,000l. paid to the said Henry Maule, without setting him the said Maule insuper for the fame, or any Part thereof: And for so doing, this shall be your Warrant Given at our Court at Kensington, the 27th July 1714, in the 13th Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty’s Command,

To our Right Trusty and Right Well- OXFORD. beloved Cousin and Counsellor Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, our High Treasurer now being, and to our High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and to the Barons of our Court of Exchequer in Scotland, now, and for the time being.

The Receipt.

I do hereby acknowlege to have received, of the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of 4,000l. being Money arising out of such Part of the Revenue of Excise, under their Management, as is applicable to the Uses of her Majesty’s Civil Government, pursuant to her Majesty’s Pleasure, and the Commands of the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, signified by Lowndes, Esquire,

in his Letter dated the 19th of September last. Witness my Hand, the 4th Day of November 1713.

(Signed)

Witness ColinAlifon,

Louis Groeme. Lorcndes.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Lifts, Papers, Establishments, State, Eftiraate, and Warrants, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members *of the House.

But the said Book containing an Account of all the Payments which have been directed out of the 500,000l. appropriated towards clearing Debts and Arrears owing by Jier late Majesty to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, at or before Midsummer .1713, being too large to be entered, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they w ere read j and are as follow; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Five hundred Seventy-four Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Half Pay to the Sea Officers for the Year 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seventy Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-seven thousand Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, Rebuilding of Ships, and other extraordinary Works; as also completing the Furniture and Stores of the Ships in Repair, and to be repaired; in the Year 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety thousand Seven hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year .1715.

The laid Resolutions, being fevferally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon-, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel examined several Witnesses, to justify several other of the Votes whom the Petitioner’s Cdunfel had objected against; and afterward* to add One to the Sitting Member’s Poll, and to disqualify several of the Persons who had voted for the Petitioner; and also to examine Witnesses, as to Bribery on the Petitioner s behalf.

And then the Sitting Member’s Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel replied.

After which, the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And Mr. Strangwayes was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put, That John Strangwayes Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dor set-,

The

K

Supply.

Bridport

Election

i Geo. I.

io° — 11® Mali.

Ii5

The House divided. The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Y eas, Tellers for the Noes,

f Mr. Conyers,

I Mr. D

f Mr. H

\ Mr. Bridges:

9>-

>54-

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Peter Walter Esquire, is duly elected a Burgcis

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bridport;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

154-

87.

Mr. Jessop,

Mr.

Mr. Corrance,

Mr. Snell:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of by

rating out the Name of John Esquire, and

infecting the Name of Peter Walter Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported, from the BeAlating-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the p0erc##> better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Monmouth rough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, which was appointed to be heard Tomorrow, be heard at the e l0u‘ Bar of this House upon Saturday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Persons w ho were ordered to attend this House, in relation to the said Election, To-inorrow, do attend upon Saturday come Sevennight.

Hertford Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Election. Borough of Hertford be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Newcastle Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bounder Lino rough of Newcastle under Line, in the C 'ounty of Stafford,

Election, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, ii° die Maii\

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

All Soul* \ BILL for vesting in the Warden and College of

College ff\ All Souls, in Oxford, and their Successors, certain

Houses and Grounds belonging to the Parish of Mary in Oxford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Sir IVm. Whitelock, General Rosse, Colonel Grahme, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr Mr. Bladen, Sir Edward

Stradling, Mr. Inge, Mr. Conyers, Sir Geo.

Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Eden, Mr. Bland, Mr. Car far, Mr.

Curzon, Sir Just. Isham, Sir Wil/o. Hickman, Sir Tho. CroJJe, Mr. Bramston; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxford and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bridport The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to

Return Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Bridport,

*mended- in the County of Dorset.

Civil List. Sir John Walter presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, several Establishments in the Time of King Charles the Second, King James the Second, King William and Queen Mary, and Queen Anne.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishments do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Establilliments are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Gery and

Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Ixrnls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax; for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, without any Amendment

Vol. 18.

The House being informed, That a Person from the Civil List. Treasurer of the Chamber attended;

He wa^ called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Annual Payments in the Treasure rof the Chamber’s Office, as they stood in the Year 1667:

A Draught of the late King James Establishment of the Payments in the Treasurer of the Chamber’s Office; but never was signed:

A Copy of the late King William's Establishment of the Payments on the Treasurer of the Chamber’s Office:

A Copy of the Establiilunent of Payment on the Treasurer of the Chamber’s Office in her late Majesty Queen Ann's Reign.

And the Titles of the said F.stabliffiments were read.

Oi dered, That the said Establishments do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishments are bound up with the other Papeis of this Session.

Ordered, That Thomas Chapman Esquire, be at liberty Buckingham to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- Borough tion and Return for the Borough of Buckingham, in the Ele^1011’ County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be difehurged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Imprison-Blackbom, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to act’affi- ,ent"f nate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William &cac or"’ the Third, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Royal Assent Gentleman-Uffier of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick and Two private Bills;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1715;

A»

i i6 ii° — 12° Maii. . 1715.

An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, and Luke King Gentleman, the usual Oaths for the due execution of their Office of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland:

An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the usual Oaths for the doe Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin.

Hackney A Petition of the Seven hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen. Coachmen, on behalf of themselves, their Widows and Children, &c. was offered to the House; desiring their Number may be reduced to Seven hundred, paying the whole present Rent; and that they may have a certain Interest for Fifty-two Years, without being liable to be deprived of their Licences, on Complaint to the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches.

And a Motion being made, and the Question befog put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day, being read;

Way* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. wjj0je House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, pefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Soppjy. The House refolded itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had dtfeSed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of foe Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Maii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pkayehs.

Imprison- rp h £ Orders of the Day befog read;

Blackborn The House resolved itself into a Committee of

i(fc "* the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackboand others, for the horrid Conspiracy to afiaffinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made One Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer reported, from the Committee of the whole Wty% House, to whom it was referred to consider further of 611(1 Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Rjfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance till the 24th Day of June 1715, be further continued and charged upon all Afalt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of Jutie 1715, to the 24th Day of June 1716.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Alalt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance till the 24th Day of June

1715, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of Jur.e 3715, to foe 24th Day of June

1716.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General,

Air. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, foe lame.

A Petition of Robert Blackborn, John Bemardy, Robert Petition frw Cafjils, Robert Meldrum, and James Chambers, was offered Blacktop,

to the House: &c*

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfortbeNoe,.! }"*

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Thomas Parr Gentleman, and Arthur Kem*t Waite)', for and on the behalf of themselves, and their Navigaiit*. Wives, and Lyford Kent an Infant, was prefeuted to foe House, and read j setting forth, That foe Petitioners are Owners of certain Wharfs at Reading, in the County of Berks-, and, by the Bill, now depending, for making the River Kennet navigable, find themselves in a peculiar manner aggrieved: These Wharfs are held by Leases, of which there are long Terms of Years to come, at foe Rent of 10 I. per Annum; and there is chargeable on them,

during foe Life of an Annuitant, 40/. per; and

on taking those Leases, large Fines were paid, and great Sums of Money afterwards laid out in improving the said Wharfs; so that now, and for many Years lait past, they have been lett at, and produced, 150 I.Atnncm; and are foe only Fund, or Estate, out of which the Portions and Provisions intended the Petitioners Wives, and foe laid Lyford Kent, by their Father’s Will, are now to be raised; but, by making the said River navigable from or beyond these Wharfe, or present Landing-places, the Value of foe laid Wharfe will not only be totally loft, and those Portions and Provisions intended the said Children be defeated; but the Annuitant mult ,lose her 40/. per Annum, or your Petitioners be bound to pay the said Rent ami

17 Annuity

I Geo. 1. . i a0--

Annuity (full 50/. pet Annum), without having wherewithal to do it: And praying to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and relieve them accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Privilege-- A Petition of William Under Sheriff of the

a Person in County of Leicester, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, tttfons for* was presented to the House, and read, iifeharge. And the same was, by the Leave of the House, with-.

drawn, in regard his particular Offences, for which he was committed, were not acknowledged #by him in the said Petition.

Civil list. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Establishment of the Houshold and Family for his Royal Highness Prince Henry, eldest Son of King James the First, or any subsequent Establishment of the Houshold and Family for any Prince of Wales.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the Incomes and Revenues of the late King James, when Duke of York.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Call of the The other Orders of the Day being read;

House. Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

until this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House:

130 Matt. 117

A Petition of the People called Quakers, in behalf of Quaker many of their Friends in South Britain, and of their Affirm*Uon' Friends in general in North Britain, who conscientiously scruple the taking the present Affirmation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1696, King William, and the then Parliament, were pleased to grant us a solemn Affirmation, instead of an Oath; whereby many of us have been delivered and defended from Imprisonments, vexatious Suits, Lois of Goods and Estates, as well as enabled to serve our Country, and piomote the Trade and Wealth of it; though many of our Friends, ferupling to attest the sacred Name of God, and all other his divine Attributes, hive, by means thereof, been deprived of its intended Benefit; and have been, and still are, if not relieved, liable tq great Sufferings and Discouragements in their lawful Callings, and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying to make such an Alteration in the present Bill before the House, that our Affirmation may be in these Words; " I do fin-

" cerely declare and aftirm which, on Inquiry, we find will be generally easy to our Friends; and which, we humbly conceive, will very well answer the Intent of the Law, and Justice, since the Penalties in case of Falshood carry the same legal Security as in Perjury.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 130 Man;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Quaker* A Bill to continue the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Affirmation. Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An A&, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in thte usual Form, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. den, Mr. Merice, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir

ling> Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Heysham, Sir John Ward, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Mr. Sir

Hanmer, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Eyles,

Mr. Ward, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Wild, Sir Wm. Humphreys, Mr. Mr. Earl, Sir

Richard Farington, Colonel Stuart, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Ash, Sir Gregory Page, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Deacle, Sir Robert Furneffe, Mr. Travers, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Sir Willo. Hickman, Colonel Grant, Mr. Mr.

Poulteney, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Barington Mr.

Trenchard, Sir DavidDaMr.Plump-

tree, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Pitt, Lord Coningsby, Sir Nicholas Carat), Mr. Piwg', Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. General Rofje, Mr.

Freman, Mr. Curing ham, Mr. Mr. Farrcr,

Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Foster, Mr. Hill, Mr. Diston, Mr. Wortley, Sir Mr

Sir Char. Turner, Mr. Molesworth, Lord Wm. Pori left, Lord Guernsey, Dr. PajkMr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Read,

Mr. Cocks, serjeant Mead, Mr. Add Jon, Mr. Evelyn, Dr. Oliphant, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Smith, Lord Pugett, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Erie, Mr. Fitz Williams, Mr. Moun Mr. Coventry, Mr. Attorney General: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at live a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide, that the Clause for the Payment of Tythes and Churchw’ardens Dues, in the Act of the 7th and 8th Years of King William, lie made more effectual.

Vot.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Mayor, Jurats, and Com- Importing monalty, of the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of SuJJe.v, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Years, divers Persons trading in English Vessels have made it their Employ to buy fresh Fish off at Sea, that is caught by Foreigners in Strangers Vessels and Bottoms, and expose the same to Sale at the Markets in this Kingdom; to the great Detriment of his Majesty’s Subjects, and to the great Discouragement of the English Fishery and Navigation, and tending to the Encouragement and Advantage of the Fishery of foreign Parts; and have evaded Cveral Laws that have been made for encouraging the Fishery and Trade: That the French Fishery haveo? late Years been numerous on the Coasts of Sussex and Kent;and, at all times of the Year, fish

close into the English Shore, and especially at the Headlands, with unlawful Nets and Engines; whereby the Persons employed in the Fishery of this Kingdom are prevented from following their Employ; and the Breed and Fry of Fish has been by them, and other Persons using Nets of too small a Scale or Melh, and other illegal Practices, greatly prejudiced and destroyed: And praying, That Provision may be made to prevent the like Inconvenience, and ill Practices, from atte nding the Fishery for the future.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Fishermen, and other DUt*. Inhabitants, of Folkstone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Tow n depends very much upon the Trade of Fishing, whereby many Families in the said Town, and in the Parts adjacent thereunto, get their Living: That, of late, divers Persons, for their own private Gain, have bought, and imported into England in Smacks, and other Vessels, great Quantities of lrefh Herrings, fresh Cod,

Whitings, Pilchards, Plaice, Soles, Mackarel, and Congers, and other fresh Fish, which w ere caught by Foreigners, and not by Englishmen; to the great Detriment, Damage.

H h ana

Importing

Fish.

Imprison- _ ment of Blaekborn, Iri.

118 Mail, A. 1715.

end Discouragement, not only of the said Town, and ported into this Kingdom; and also for prohibiting Parts adjacent, but also of the Fishing Trade and Navi- Foreigners from foiling within such a limited Distance of gation of the whole Kingdom in general: That such Per- the Coast.

fons importing such frefo Fish in English Ships or Vessels

are not within the Penalties of any former Laws, which, A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, as they pretend, do only prohibit the Importation of such and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of , frefo Fifo in foreign Ships: And praying, That this ho, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and nourable House will please to order such Pill to be brought read; setting forth, That the said Town, in a great rnea-in, for the effectual prohibiting and preventing the Im- fore, depends upon the Trade of Fifoing, whereby several portation into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick Families get their Living: That, of late, divers Persons, upon Tweed, in any Ship or Vessel, either English-built, for their own Gain and Advantage, have bought, and im-or otherwise, any Inch frefo Fifo, as aforesaid, caught by ported into England, in Smacks, and other Vessels, great Foreigners, upon such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Quantities of frefo Herrings, frefo Cod, Whitings, Pil-as this honourable House, in their great Wisdom, foall chards, Plaice, fife, and other frefo Fish, which were think fit and proper. caught by Foreigners, and not by; to the great Damage, Detriment, and Discouragement, not only A Petition of the Masters of Fifoing Coats of the of the said Town, and Parts adjacent, but of the Fishing Town and Port of Dover, in behalf of themselves, and Trade and Navigation: And such Persons pretend, that other Fifoennen, 'Inhabitants of the said Town, was pre- they, importing the same in English Ships or Vessels, are fented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the not within the Penalties of any former Laws, which, as Fifoennen are a great Part of the Inhabitants of the they pretend, do only prohibit the Importation of such. Coast of Kent and Suffix, and particularly of this Port, frefo Fifo in foreign Ships or Vessels: And praying, That being of late Years, grown more numerous than for- this honourable House will be pleased to order such Pill to merly, on account of die general Decay of Trade under be brought in, for the effectual prohibiting and prevent-which these Pails labour; inso much that a Multitude of ing the Importation into England, Wales, or the Town Families wholly fobfilt as well by making Nets, Lines, of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Vessll, either and other Fishing Tackle, as by Fishing, chiefly in the built or otherwise, any such fresh Fish, as afore-

Herring, Mackerel, and Whiting Seasons; which serves laid, caught by Foreigners, under such Penalties and For-not only for the Supply of the Ports and Places adjacent, feitures as this honourable House, in their great WilUom,

but also of the City of London, with frefo Fifo, being, foall think fit.

for the mod: part, sold by the Takers, at Sea, to Smacks, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac* to be ^carried thither: That the said Fifoery has been cording to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Mr.

greatly prejudiced and discouraged, especially since the , Mr. Fane, Anmiral Aylmer, Sir Samuel Lcn-

Conclufton of the Peace, by a Practice, much uled of late nard, Mr. Gibbon, and Mr. do prepare, and

by the Smacks, of buying up great Quantities of Fish at bring in, the fame.

Sea, out of French and Flanders Milling Boats, and importing the ftme to London, and other Markets, under Mr. Lowndes presented to tire House, pursuant to their* Colour of being caught by English, to the great Damage Address to his Majesty lor that Purpose, an Abstract of and Impoveriftment of the Petitioners: That, by Li- the Produce of the Revenue of his Royal Highness James cence from the Kings of England, as Sovereigns of the Duke of Yoi'k for the Year One thousand Six hundred Sea...is now constandy taken by very great Numbers, and Seventy-eight.

to the Destruction of the Fry and Breed of Fish, occa- Mr. Lowndes, at the same time, acquainted tire House, fioned by their using Nets 01 unfized Mefoes, and other That there 16 no Establishment for Prince Henry, when Engines not allowed by the Laws of this Realm: And Prince of Wales, in the Treasury, or any Footfteps of it,; praying this honourable House to order a Bill to be The Title of the said Abstract was read, brought in, to be passed into a Law, for the effectual And the said Abstract is as followed!; ,

Preventing of frefo Fish taken by Foreigners being im-

An ABSTRACT of the Produce of the Revenue of his Royal Highness James Duke of York, for One whole

Year, ended at Michaelmas 1678.

£. s. d.

Money received out of the Profits of the Pod Office - ----- 55,865 3 4

The Rents and Profits of forfeited Estates in England ----- 1,799 11 11

The Rents of Fen Lands - -- - 1,419 19 10

The Rents and Profits of forfeited Estates in Ireland - 7,519 16 10

Money received out of the Exchequer upon the Hereditary Excise, in lieu of the Profits of

die Wine Licence Office -- ----- - 24,000 — —

D* upon an Annuity of 3,000l. per Annum allowed by his Majesty King Charles the Second

to his Royal Highness, for Maintenance of his Royal Highnefe’s Children - - - - 3,000 ——

Money received from the Cofferer of his Majesty’s Houshold, for defraying the Charges of his Royal Highness’s Diet, and Incidents thereto belonging, at 800 /. per Month, 28 Days to the

Month ----- - 10,400-----

Money received of the Matter and Wardens, Xo. of Trinity House, for a Year’s Rent, issuing

out of the Ball aft Office - - - - r - - - - 400 — — -

£. 104,404 11 11#

Importing

k'ittu

Civil List:

This Abstract is made from a declared Account of the late Treasurers to his R. H. for the Year abovesaid.

Lowndes, 13 May 171J.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, eo be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackborn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate die 19

Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third, was committed, the Amendment they had made to die Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put there* upon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

ii9

Woollen Ma-nuiatiur*.

Kennett

"Navigation.

Answer to Addrtfe.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Paterson's Claims on Equivalent.

Malden

Ele&on*

t

i Geo. I. 13* — 146

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofied.

Mr. Heyjhant presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging* of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RefoLved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday next come Sevennight.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Great Bedayn, in the County of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and* read; letting forth, That being informed, that there is at this time a Bill depending in this honourable House, for making the River Kennett navigable from Newbury to Reading, in the County of Berks, which, when effected, will tend very much to the Benefit of this County, by the more cheap and ealy carrying the Produce and Manufactures of it to the City of London, our common Market; which the extreme Bad-nefe of the Roads between Nex and Reading make impracticable, unless at much greater Expence, for several Months in the Year, to the great Discouragement of the Woollen Manufacture; by which great Numbers of the Poor, both of this and the neighbouring Counties, are principally subsisted: And praying, That Bill may have your Honours Consent, to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Establishment for his Royal Highness Prince Henry, eldest Son of King James the First, qr any subsequent Establrfbrnent for any Prince of Wales, of their Houshold or Family; and that his Majesty had given Directions to the several Officers to inquire after such an Establishinentj but that none other can be found, but an old Book, intituled, " Anno Nono Regis *s Jaeebi; A Book ef Diet, Wages, 8$c. of the Prince’s " HouseWhich he presented to the House:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be rend a Second time.

Mr. Broderick acquainted the House, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterson Esquire, was referred, had come to ft Resolution not to report to the House the Substance of a Certificate from the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, annexed to the Petition; on which Certificate the Proofs relating to the Petitioner’s Claim do depend.

Ordered, That the said Committee be directed to report the Substance of the Certificate of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, annexed to the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Merits of the Election for tire Borough of Malden, in the County of be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parrel"took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. 3peaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. barrer reported from the said Committee, That they found it necessary that several Accounts, and other Papers, which had been presented to the House, should be referred to the said Committee; and that they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Establishments, Accounts, Abstracts, States, Estimates, Lifts, and other Papers, relating to the Matter of the Civil List; and also the Abstract of the Produce of the Revenue of his Royal Highness James Duke of York for the Year 1678; and the Book, intituled, " Anno Nono Regis Jacobi; A Book " of Diet, Wages, <§‘C. of the Prince's Housewhich have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself again into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report; when the House w ill pfeafo to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report' be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit-again.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 140 die Malt;

Annp r Ceorgij Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

O IJl Charles Turner, from the Board of Admiralty, O presented to the House an Account of the Men borne aboard his Majesty’s Ships for the Years 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714; with their Wages, and the Charges of Wear and 1 ear; as also what was voted for the Ordinary of the Navy for the said Four Years; and how much has been supplied to the Navy, in Money or Credit, on the aforesaid Heads: AHo,

An Account of the Charge of the Four Ships employed in the Service of the South Sea Company, from the Times they were assigned to that Service:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as follows;

Navy

Supply.

Committee*.

Number of £$4men, and Naval Expenditure

Navy-Office, Y\n ABSTRACT of the Number of Men borne aboard his Majesty’s Ships, for the Years 17ft, 1712> 1713, and 1714, commencing the 1 ft of January, and ending W 9th May 1715.3 the last of December; and what the Wages of those Men, after the Rate of £ 1. 105. per Man per for those Years, amounts to; with the Charge of Wear ana

Tear for the aforesaid Number of Men, according to the Proportion of £. 1. 75. per Man per; as alto what was voted by the honourable House of Commons for the Ordina ry of O the Navy for the said Four Years; and how much has been supplied, in Money or Credit, upon the aforesaid Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary: Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the 3d instant.

1 Their Charge of i Voted by the honourable

' YEARS. Number of Men borne. r Wage*, at £. 1. lot. per Man per Menfem. Wear and Tear, at £. i. 71 per Man per Menfem. House of Commons for the Ordinary of the Navy.

' \ 1711 " 1712 ----- 17»3 1714 - 46,735 38,106 21,636 13.098 £. s. d. 911,332 10 — 743.067 421,902 255,4U £. s. d. 820,199 5 — 668,760 6 — 379,711 16 — 229,869 18 — £. s. d. 120.000 1 So,000 200.000 245,700 — 3

Add the Ordinary ----- 2,331,712 10 — 2,098,541 5 — "7A r 700 <2 07 1 O O N *7 1

Total - - 2,331,712 10 — 2,844,241 5 3

Cha. Sergifon, D.

Ja. Acxorth,

J. Fowler.

o

to'

N

CD

Q_

CT

And also,

An ACCOUNT of what has been certified by the Treasurers of the Navy to be received of what was voted by the honourable House of Commons, for the Service of the Navy, on the Heads

under-mentioned, for the said Four Years of 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714;

HEADS of the NAVAL SERVICES. What ha* been certified by the Treasurers of the Navy to be received for tie Years TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary - - - Seamens Wages - - -(Including therein what was received for the Marine Regiments) Victualling - -- - -Transports - -- 5 . \ 17 11. 17 12. i?i3- 1714.

L s. d. 742,109 19 5i 745,5/0 12 ioi 577,673 8 8£ L- s. d. 627,406 8 8{ 795,282 1 i{ 474,h8 4 l — £. s. d. 244,205 19 8| 506,952 8 6{ 219,073 12 2 1 s. d. 280,371 7 7. 597,004 16 8i 132,323 15 Hi 30,000 £. d. 1,900,093 15 5i 2,644.809 19 2 1,403,189 1 8 30,000

2,065,354 1 — I 1,896,806 14 7 970,232 — 5i b045,700 — 3 , 5,978,092 16

tn

HEADS of the NAVAL SERVICES, What has bean certified by the TretTurers of the Navy to be received for the Years total.

r 1711. 1 71 2. 1713. 1 1714.

More received in Tallies unapplied to any particular Head; and are reserved in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands, for such Uses thereof as the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall please to direct; viz. Tallies on Hops ----- Ditto, whereof 1,400l. is intended for the Wear and Tear, when Money shall be £ * d. 3,000 £ t. d. 5,000 1 1 0 1 1 £ t. d. I £ *. d.

rafeid on the same - -- --South Sea Stock, to be received back by the Treasurer, of what he had issued to the Undertakers, for raffing Money thereon ----- ar - w- 2,789 5 7 m* m 11,400 ’ ’ ' 22,189 5 7

Total - - - £ 2,071,143 6 7 1,901,806 14 7 981,63* — 51 J,045,700 — 3 6,000,282 1 10 j

Ja. Acworth, Cha. Cornwall,

Cha. Sergifon, A. Burton, Fowler.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CJ

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Four Ships under-mentioned, from the Times they were respectively ordered to be fitted for the Service of the South Sea Company, to 9th May 1715. the 30th April last, for Wear and Tear, Wages and Victuals; the Wear and Tear computed by their lowed Complements; the Wages, according to the Number of Men borne; and the Victuals, at the Rate of 8d. a Man a Day, according to the Number of Men mustered: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the 3d Inltant.

SHIPS NAMES.

Ar.glefea Want ick -Bedford Elizabeth -

When ordered to be fitted for the abovesaid Service. Charge of Total.

t Wear and Tear. Wages. Victuals.

17 October 1712 D* - 24 July 1713 11 August ~ £ s. d. 8.259 11 7 8.259 11 7 9,966 17 — 9,689 2 9 £ * d- 6,393 6,017 7.437 5. >47 ~ — £ .' d. 3,786 18 — 3.579 >4 8 . 4,349 4 8 2,648 4 — £ 3. d. 18,439 9 7 J 7.856 6 3 21,753 1 8 17,484 6 9

36,175 2 11 24,994 14,364 1 4 75,533 4 3

Cha. Sergifon, D. LyddeU, A. Burton,

Ja. Acworth, Cha. Cornwall, J. Fowler. hh

1 Geo. I. 14° Mail.

tSttebell's

Nat.

tGauging \>f Matu

Hertford

Eletiion.

Chichester

Eltflion,

Regulating the Land Eorce*.

tbi *4* — i6° Mail. 1715:

Ordered, That the said Accounts dd lie upon the 'Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to naturalise Florian Goebell Merchant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Maltsters within the Cities of Oxford, Winton, Sarum, and the Towns of

Wallingford, Henly, Reading, Newbury, Andover, Kings Cleer, Warminster, and and of

many other Places adjacent, within the several Counties of Oxon, Berks, and Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of the Licence given to the Officer to gauge Malt in the Couch, and on the Floof, as in the Cistern, are very much damaged, by the Officers bruising the Malt in the Couch and Floor; and tends to incapacitate the Petitioners to discharge the Duty on Malt: And praying to confine the Gauge to the Cistern, or otherwise.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for charging and continuing the Duties Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715, be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford {

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, were read’:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined several Witnesses as to the partial Proceedings of the Mayor; and also to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Members.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Hertford be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Liunay 16° die Mali;

Annoi*, Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pr a vers.

/ORDERED, That William Elfon Esquire, be at liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Chichester.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from' proceeding upon the said Petition.

f - , 1

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was read the Third time.

The Amendments’ following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prel's 5. L.* To leave out " fairly," and insert " falsly Press 23. L. 20. To leave out " Five," and insert " Twenty

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House And the Bill was amended at the Clerk’s Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.. ‘ '

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the I.oi ds, and desire their Concurrence.

20

Sir David Dalrymple presented to the HoUfe, accord- YuleVacam ing to Order, a Bill for Shortening the Time of the Yule IB Scotland* Vacance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the same was received.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant ta the Army Delia. Address of the last Parliament to her late Majesty, That the proper Officers might ekamirie and state the Debts of the Army, in order to their being laid before this Housej a Report of the R'efcrrees concerning the Debts of the Army:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers, of this Session.

The House being moved, That the several Orders Orders, made at the Beginning of this Session against Strangers against being in the House, or Gallery, while the House is fitting; and for the Serjeant at Arms clearing the Speaker's Chamber; might be read;

The feme were read accordingly: And all Strangers withdrew.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Suppl;. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That itis the- Opinion- of this Committee,

That it appears to this House, That the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds per Annum was settled upon, his late Majesty King William, during.his Life, for the Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and other his necessary Occasions; and, at the time of his Majesty’s Demise, after the Deduction of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Week that was applied to the publick Uies, was the Produce of the Civil Revenues that were continued and settled upon her late Majesty Queen Annt, during her Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this; Committee,

That, to enable his Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable Provision for the Royal Family, there be grartted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve), an additional Revenue, which, together with the net Produce of the Civil List Branches, may make up the clear yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Popnds, fqr the Service of his Majesty’s Houshold and Family, and for other his necessary Expences and Occasions.

The first Resolution being fead a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds per Annum was settled upon his late Majesty King William, during his Life, for the Support of his Majesty’s Houfhpld, and other his necessary Occasions; and, at the time of his Majesty’s Demise, after the Deduction of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Week that was applied to the publick Uses, was the Produce of the Civil Revenues that were continued and settled upon her late Majesty Queen Anne, during her Life;

The House divided.

The N oes go forth.

Teller, for the

Teller, for the Noe,} }-37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Secqnd time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, to enable his Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable

i Geo. t. 16° — if

nourable Provision for the Royal Family, there be granted to his Majesty, daring his Life (which God long pre-lerve), an additional Revenue, which, together with the net Produce of the Civil List Branches, may make up the clear yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty’s Houshold and Family, and for other his necessary Expences and Occasions.

Grants of Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ptniion*, Ac. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Lifts and Accounts of Annuities* Pensions, and Bounties, granted by her late Majesty, or by his present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said several Lifts and Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Rtfoboed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning and Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Suppty. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 170 Mali;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

TfLORIAN Goebell took the Oaths appointed, id A order to his Naturalization.

Kennett Ordered, That Thomas , and others, Petitioners

Navigation, against the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Near bury, in the County of Berks, be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, if they think fit.

Endowing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for IW Rec- making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds ones, &«. jj part of Great Britain called England, for endowing

poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers: And that Sir Arthur , Kay, Mr. Freeman, Mr. and Mr. Drew, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege — > A Petition of William Gentleman, in Custody

Person in Gf the Serjeant at Arms, was offered to the House. Sunuffor Ordered, That the Petition be brought up.

difclwrge. And the same was brought up accordingly:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be read upon ' Morning next, in a full House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for he Jg*, } 53-

Tellers for the Noes, JJj; Yfudi; } 9°'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be now’ read.

The same was read accordingly; setting forth, That he, having incurred the Displeasure of this House, for having neglected to return Two Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Leicester, was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for such Offence the Eleventh of April last; and that he was heartily sorry for such his great Offence; and begged Pardon for the fame: And praying to be discharged out of Custody, on paying his Fees.

Vql. 18.

1 — 18° Mail, I2J

A Motion being made, add the Question being put,

That the said Witttam Baresby be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tete, for the Y«s,{ } 140.

Teller, for the Noes j } ,i.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Committee Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed on of Privilege*, any more of the Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections, after the case of Alboivugh, in the County of Suffolk, is heard.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Malden Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the El,a,00‘ Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the fur- Hertford ther Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough Ele&lon* of Hertford i And the Counsel fof both Sides were called in .*

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses for the disqualifying of other Voters for the Sitting Members; and also, for adding Persons to the Petitioners Poll, who offered to vote for them, but were refused; and allb, touching a Witness who was summoned to attend, but was prevailed upon by one John Brand to keep away, in contempt of the Order he was served withal; and also, touching Bribery by the Agents of the Sitting Members: After which, the Petitioners Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Hertford be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Brand do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Newcastle rough of Newcastle wider Line be heard, at the Bar of this ";,der Line. House, upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock. Section.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Bewdiy rough of Bewdiy, in the County of Worcester, be heard £lettlwv at the Bar of this House upon this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

n . ----- -..- ... 1.. —

Mercurti, 18® diMaii j

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Hutchinjott presented to the House, according to Importing Order, a Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh fish-Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Pynfent Chttnock Baronet, be at Bedford

liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an Bleftina.

undue Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Beds ord.

Ordered That the hearing of the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House be discharged.

Ordered, That Richard Bigg Esquire, be at liberty to Wallingford, withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election

for

18° Mail.

124

A. tjig.

for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of . Berks.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Goeb«U’> A Bill to naturalize Flo Goebell Merchant, was read

Wat. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. London, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Earl, Sir Richard Harrington, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Otijlow, Mr. Weaver: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Yule Vft-cancein Scotland.

A Bill for shortening the Time of the Yule Vacance in that part »f Great Britain called Scotland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Quakers The House beinjr moved, That the last Section of the Affirmation. Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain; and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland; and for die further Regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; maybe read, relating to the People called

Quakers declaring the Effect of the Abjuration Oath....

Ordered, lhat it be an Instruction to the Committee,

' to whom the Bill to continue the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, prescribing a Form of the solemn Declaration to be taken by the People called Qualters, instead of the Abjuration Oath.

Chichester Ordered, That the honourable James Brudenel Esquire, Election. be at liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Chichester.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Army Debts. A Petition of Francis Beaumont, Undertaker for Forage, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner entered into a Contraft with his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and afterwards with Lieutenant General Cadogan, for delivering Forage to the Troops in the Pay of her late Majesty serving in Flanders, in their Winter Quarters l yfi, and the Spring following, upon express Condition, That he iliould forthwith receive the Advance-money, and his intire Payment in a Month after the Delivery of the Forage; and, upon the repeated Assurances of a punctual Payment, he furnished the Forage cheaper than any former Contractors had done, or even than the States General allowed their Undertaker for the same time: The Petitioner, having performed his Part of the Contraft to the intire Satisfaction of all the General Officers of the Army, had Reason to hope for a punctual Payment, the Parliament having provided, in the Sessions 17if, for the greatest part of this Service; but that Money, as the Petitioner has -been informed, being applied to other Uses, he is lb far from receiving the Satisfaction he expected, that, after Three Years continual Solicitation, he has not yet received the Advance-money: The Petitioner’s Account has passed several Examinations, and has always been reported in his Favour: It was first referred to Mr. Watkins in Flanders; then to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; afterwards to Mr. Bridges, now Earl of Caernarvon; then to Mr. Watkins again, who had a particular Commission from her late Majesty for that Purpose; whole Report, being laid before the select Committee of the House of Commons in the lall Parliament, was there approved of, and reported

to the House as a Debt amounting to 54,750/. 2 8

Sterling: The said Parliament having granted 300,000l.

Sterling upon Account of the Debts of the Army, the Petitioner had Reason to hope, that he should have been speedily paid; but, instead thereof, his Account was ordered to be re-examined by the Right honourable Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Pulteney, and the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army j who do not only report, That the said Debt appears to be justly due; but, also, that it defences to be paid preferably to others; and do therefore propose, that it shall be paid out of the Remainder of the said 300,000l.: The Petitioner humbly hopes, that this honourable House will consider the irreparable Damages he has suffered by this long delay; the Interest and Charges of what is so justly due to him having more than funk the Profit he proposed to make by the said Undertaking, having been obliged to fell the greatest Part of his Effects to support his Credit; and, by his long Attendance at London to solicit this Business, has loft the belt Employment he had at Maestricht, and is in Danger of being

thrown into a Gaol for the Debts he has contracted for the Service of the Crown of England: And praying. That this honourable House will be pleased to give Leave to insert a Clause in such Bill as they shall think proper, that he may be paid out of the Remainder of the said 300,000l. granted by Parliament upon Account of the Debts of the Army; without which, the Petitioner is in Danger of being still postponed from time to time, to the intire Ruin of himself, and numerous Family, as well as many more in Holland, Flanders, and Brabant, who are engaged with him in this great Undertaking.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report of the Referrees concerning the Debts of the Army, be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Frederick Tilney Esquire, be at liberty Whitdmrtk to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- Ele&o*. tion and Return for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Malt Doty Majesty, That he will be pleased to give directions to tile *u Jicotlan<1-proper Officer to lay before this House, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duty upon Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report of the Election for the Malden Borough of Malden be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Grants of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to P4nfions, Ac. consider of the several Lifts and Accounts of Annuities,

Penfioris, and Bounties, granted by her late Majesty, or his present Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Ralph Freman Esquire, do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

1 Geo. 1. 18° — 19* Mail, 125

[* Privilege - Person in custidy to be brought to **/* bar.]

Ordered, That Mr. William Baresby, in Custody of Ref That an humble Address be presented to his Ship* out* the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the ward bound, to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order :n' " "

to his Discharge.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Maii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers

---

[Debtors Petitions.]

A PETITION of many poor Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, in behalf of themselves and several Thousands, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been great Traders both by Sea and Land, and paid great Customs and Taxes; meeting with Misfortunes by Trading in so long and tedious War, are become insolvent; not capable of making Satisfaction to their Creditors, are willing to surrender their All, for the Relief of their Bodies: And praying, That this honourable House will give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Relief of the Petitioners.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty's Prison in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and many Thousands poor distressed Debtors, in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did most humbly represent their sad deplorable Conditions and long Confinements, in Gaol, the last Parliament, with such good Effect, that the then honourable House ordered a Bill to be brought in, and passed it, for the Relief of the Petitioners; which was sent up to the House of Peers, read there a First time, and ordered a Second Reading; but, by the sudden and unexpected Prorogation of that Parliament, the Bill was dropped, and lost; to the great Disappointment and Mortification of all the Petitioners: That the Petitioners, with Hearts filled with Gratitude, and a true Sense of the charitable and good Intentions of this honourable House, the last Sessions of her late Majesty’s Reign, are thereby encouraged to present themselves again to this honourable House; most humbly imploring your Honours Aid and Assistance for; what is most desired and dear to all the World, their Liberty, upon the same just and equitable Considerations as the former Bill; they being willing and ready to make the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of at present, by surrendering up their All to their Creditors, and upon the feverell Penalties: And praying, that your Honours win be pleased to take the distressed and deplorable Condition of so many Thousand poor Prisoners into your Honours Considerations; To the End that a Bill may be ordered to be brought into this House, for their Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Mr. Bracebridge and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the same.

---

Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of all Ships that have passed into any Ports beyond the Seas, from any Ports of England, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen; distinguishing till Tomorrow the Number of Ships departed each Year respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Seamen in Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Merchant proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in Merchant-

Ships-, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, to Christmas One thousand Seved hundred and Fourteen; distinguishing each Year respectively.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of hit

Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

A Petition of Hemy Boult Esquire, Thomas Constable Kennet Merchant, and John Sylvester Gentleman, Proprietors of Navigation, the Water-works for supplying the Inahbitants of the Borough of Reading with Water, for their necessary Uses,

was presented to the House, and read; setting, forth, That *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, is committed: And that

the petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

William Baresby, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, Privilege — was, according to Order, brought to the Bar of this a Person re-House: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri- ded

mand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Jji.

Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of Henry Graham was presented to the Scotch House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner African served in the Expedition to Darien', and very profitable CotnPan3r' Privileges were promised, by the Directors of the Scotch African Company, to the First Undertakers to settle that Colony; and, the Miscarriage of that Expedition arising from no Doubt of the Petitioner, he humbly conceives himself Entitled to a Consideration on that Account; but he hath not only been disappointed of the Rewards and Profits arising from that dangerous Undertaking; but also was at a considerable Charge in fitting himself out for lb long a Voyage: That his Sicknest, for 15 Months after his Return, rendered him unfit for all other Business for Three Years: And, by Proclamation of the Council of Darien, each Man was to be compensated for the short Allowance of Provisions, and drinking only Water j There are only Five Officers alive who went upon this Expedition; and Three of them, upon petitioning the according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Union-Parliament in Scotland, relieved; when the Petitioner also had, no doubt, been provided for, if he had not been absent, attending the Service, with the Regiment: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterson Esquire, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

The House proceeded to the further hearing the Merits Hertford of the Election for the Borough of Hertford: Election.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members examined several Witnesses, to qualify the Voters the Petitioners Counsel had objected to; and also to disqualify several of the Voters for the Petitioners.

After which, the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Hertford be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

K k Ordered,

A Petition of Samuel Newton Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Friends, is in Treaty for his Marriage, suitable to his Fortune: That; by reason of the Petitioner’s being not of full Age, he cannot make a Jointure and Settlement upon the said intended Marriage: And praying, That this honourable House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as he ihja.ll marry, and make a Settlement of his Estate, as if he were of full Age.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vernon and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the -feme.

VOL 18.

j^ew Sarom Election.

Bedford

Election.

XV Souls

College

Estate.

Kennet

Navigation.

Aldborough

Elc&ion.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

126 10° — . 1715.

Ordered, That John Brand do atttend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the City of New Sarumbe heard at the Bar of this House upon

Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Ele6iion for the County of Bedford, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Maii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PRAYERS.

MR. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in the Warden and College of All Souls in Oxford, and their Successors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of St.Mary in Oxford, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments w’ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of George Blagrave Esquire, Owner of Two several Mills, called St.Giles and Minster Mills, both within the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, Handing upon the River Kennet, and also One other Mill, called Calcat Mill, in the Parish of Tilehurst, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's aforesaid Mills are ancient Corn-Mills, and were lately new-built, which cost at least 3,000l.; and are now let at 300 annum’, and grind at least ninety Load of Wheat per Week for London Market, more than what is ground for the Neighbourhood; and in case the said River should be made navigable, the Water will be so much diverted, that the Petitioner's said Mills will not have Water enough to grind for the Families of the Inhabitants of the said Borough; to the great Damage of the Petitioner: And praying to take such effectual Care, that the Petitioner may, in case such Bill shall pass, have a Clause inserted in the said Bill, That all Damages which shall at any time or times hereafter happen, as aforesaid, shall be made good to the Petitioner, in such Manner as to your Honours, in your great Wifi-dom, shall seem meet: And that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the River Ketmet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in

the County of Berks, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon, by his Counsel, if he think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, upon Wednesday the First Day of June next.

A Bill for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackborn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct the propet Officer to lay before this House an Account at what Time, and by what Warrant,# Counter was released, who was continued in Prison, during her late Majesty’s Piea-sure, by an Act, of the First: Year of her said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Malden in the County of E and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir William Jolly ffe Knight, and Samuel Tuffnell Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Corny ns Serjeant at Law, and Thomas Bramston Esquire, for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex;

That the Poll stood thus;

For Serjeant Comyns, 215: Sir William Jolly ffe, 128:

Mr. Bramston, 215: Mr. Tuffnell, 168.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freemen not receiving Alms.

The Question was, touching the Qualifications of the Freemen:

It was agreed, That Persons are intitled to Freedom, by Birth after their Father’s Freedom; or by Marriage with the Daughter of a FreemanTo born; or by Seven Years Servitude as Apprentices to Freemen; and the Difference was, Whether Freemen by Redemption have a Right-to vote?

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, This is a Borough by Prescription; and that Freemen by Redemption had no Right.

That the Sitting Members Counsel alleged, This is a Borough, and a Corporation, by Prescription; and that all Freemen had a Right to vote.

That, to prove this to be a Borough by Prescription, the Petitioners Counsel produced the following Returns to Parliament;

33® H. 6. A Return, per burgesses villa:

7. Ed. 4. A Return, per burgesses burgi.

The Petitioners Counsel alleged, The Incorporation began subsequent to these Returns, when their Name was changed: In Evidence of which they produced a

Return,

17 Ed. 4. per balivos burgi 8$ cmnburgenfes: And, 12

and 16 of Ric. 2. and 9 H.4. Three several Grants, from the Crown, of Exemptions, burgenfbus villa, for repairing their Bridge:

26 Eliz. A Return, per balivos, aldermanms, capitales burgesses, fif conrnunitatem burgi.

The Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That this was a Borough, and a Corporation, by Prescription; but

whether

Imprisonment of Black born, &c.

Liberation d Counter.

Maiden

Ekdiuo.

r Geo. I. 20° Mail 127

whether it was a Corporation by Prescription, or not, yet that they had. Time out of Mind, admitted Freemen by Redemption; and that such Freemen had a Right to vote in Elections to Parliament.

To prove which, they produced the following Journals of the House of Commons;

iS# Jan. 1693. In the then controverted Election between Mr. Hutchinson and Sir when a Copy

was produced of an Inspeximusof a Charter from Henry

a. Bur gen ft bus de Malden; whereby their ancient Liberties and Privileges, which they had in the Time of the King’s Grandfather, were confirmed to them: And it was testified by Sir John Bramston, who had known the Corporation many Years, and was High Steward thereof, That honorary Freemen had always voted in Elections to Parliament; many of which were controverted, but those Freemen never disputed; which was also confirmed by William Carr, the Town-Clerk.

, 14 Dec. 1699. The Journal in the then controverted Election between Mr. Fytche and Mr. Mounlague; when the Right of Election was agreed to be in the free Burgesses, and Persons were admitted free Burgesses ’upon Three several Rights; viz. by being the Son of a free Burgess, by Apprenticeship, and by Election: And,

27 Jan. 1701. The Journal in the then controverted Election between Mr. Mountague and Mr. when

the Right of Election was agreed in the Freemen not receiving Alms or Charity.

That, to prove the ancient Usage of admitting honorary Freemen, the Town-Books were produced, and 75 Instances were read of Admissions to Freedom for Fines, or gratis, in the several Reigns of R. 2. H. 4, 5, and 6. Ed. 4. H. 7. Ph. and M. Eliz. and J. 1.: And the Petitioners Counsel admitted there were Inffances of the same Nature in all subsequent Reigns.

From whence the Sitting Members Counsel inferred this to be a Corporation by Prescription; or that, at lealt, they had, Time out of Mind, admitted honorary Freemen, which was what they contended for.

And, to prove farther, that such Freemen had always voted in Elections, they called,

Mr. Richard Freeman, the Town-Clerk; who laid. That honorary Freemen had voted in all Elections for Ten Years past; and produced the Polls taken in 93, and 95, and another without Date, when several honorary Freemen voted.

And that the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, is in such Freemen only as do not receive Alms, and are infilled to Freedom by Birth, Marriage, or Servitude.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to 113 of the Sitting Members Voters; viz.96 asdifqualified Freemen;

whole Admissions to Freedom since 1663 were read; of which 21 are admitted gratis; 47, by Purchase; and 28, jure hereditario, as Children or Apprentices of Free-

men, who had been admitted gratis, or by Purchase: 14 others were objected to for Bribery; Two for receiving Alms j and One for being disfranchised.

In Evidence of which Bribery, the Petitioners Counsel produced,

Articles of Agreement between Anthony Esquire, and the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Head Burgesses, and Commonalty, of this Town, dated 27th of August 1714; whereby the said Mr. Bramston agrees to make up 30 Guineas, already advanced by the hands of Esquire, £ 600 for building the Bridge at Malden: And,

A Letter dated September ill, 1714, from the said Mr. Anthony Bramston, directed to the Bailiff, Aldermen, -and capital Burgesses of Malden; wherein he takes Notice of Mr. Tujnel's Intention to stand, and what himself

had done, and was willing to do, for the Corporation;

Vol. 18.

and desires them to exert their utmost Endeavours in behalf of Serjeant Comyns, and hisCoufin Bramston:

1 September 1714. A Letter from the Corporation, in

Answer to Mr. Bramston, signed by the Bailiff, and 16 of the chief Burgesses; 14 whereof voted for the Sitting-Members; wherein they return him Thanks for his Steadiness in the Proceeding he had already made in the Aflair of their Bridge; which, they say, they esteem a very great Service to their Corporation, and shall always be ready to (make a due Acknowledgment; and allure him of their Votes and Interest, as he desired.

James Stevens, being called, said, That he heard James Lawrence, Matthew Whittaker, and Thomas Kemp, Three of those 16, ow n, they voted for the Sitting-Members, upon Account of the Bridge; and that, Ten Days before the Election, James Beckxcorth told him, That Roger Budey, who acted for the Sitting-Members, gave him Ten Shillings for Three Mugs of Beer.

Samuel Mayfant said, That Abraham Bartlet and Robert Chad, Two others of the Sixteen, told him, They voted on the Account of the Bridge.

Abraham Chinery said, That Jojias Bogard, an Agent for the Sitting-Members, gave him Eight Half Crowns to vote for them; but said, He intended to vote for them if he had not had the Money.

Michael Corder said, That Wall Reary told him, He had a broad Piece of Gold.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected against Abraham Francis and William Pollard, upon the Account of receiving Alms: And it was proved by Wm. Morris and Ellis Clarke, That those Two Voters received Parish j Charity before and since the Election.

John Cook, another of the Sitting-Members Voters, was objected to, upon Account of Disfranchisement:

And there is an Order entered in the Town-Book, of the 9th July 1711; whereby he is disfranchised of the Freedoms and Liberties of the Borough, and removed from all the Privileges and Immunities of a Head Burgess.

Then the Petitioners Counsel infilled, That the Election and Return of Mr. Serjeant Comyns is void, by his Refusal to take the Oath of Qualification: Touching which, the Evidence on both Sides was as follows;

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

James Stevens:Who said, That Mr. Coe and Mayfant,

Two of the Voters, declared, Before the Election, That the Two Candidates, the now Sitting-Members, should make good their Qualifications: That Coe said so to both those Candidates in particular; and that Mr. the

Bailiff, took no Notice of it; but proceeded to the Poll.

Mr. Coe said, That he demanded the Qualifications of Mr. Serjeant Comyns and Mr. Bramston, at the Election before the Poll began: That Serjeant Comyns replied, He did not think himself obliged to give it then:

That Mr. Mayfant, another Voter, seconded him in this' Demand; and while they were talking, the Bailiff went on with the Poll:

Being cross-examined, he owned, That Serjeant Comyns gave him a Particular of his Qualification in the Time of the Poll; which being Five hundred Pounds, he said. That he thought liirely the Serjeant was qualified; but that, the others insisting on his Qualification, and again demanding the Oath, the Serjeant replied. An Oath was a weighty Thing; and that he would not take- a false Oath for all the World, much less for that Election:

Mr. Coe said farther. That he staid till the Poll was over; and then they again demanded the Qualification; and that Sir William Jollyjfe demanded the same thing: That he did not remember the Serjeant named any Time to take the Oath, but he refused to take it then:

Mr. Coe being farther examined, owned, That, when he first received the Particular from Serjeant Comyns, he promised to deliver it back again; but carried it away with him; and that night, after the Court was adjoumea, he returned the Particular to the Bailiff, at whole House the Serjeant was to lie.

Sam.

Maldea

Eledioa.

Maiden

Ek&on*

128 ao8 Mali. A. 1715.

Sam. Meyfant fuid, That the Petitioners defined him,

and others, to demand the Qualifications of the other Candidates, the now Sitting-Members; and that they did accordingly demand the same before the Poll began; but those Candidates did not then take the Oath: That the Bailiff went on with the Poll; and, just as the Court was Over, they again demanded the Qualification; and then Serjeant Cornyns replied, That an Oath was a sacred thing;

and that he would not take a false Oath for all the World, much lets to qualify him for this Corporation: But Mr. Bramjion, before he was declared, did take the Oath. That the Sitting-Members Counsel called, to this Point,

Mr. Henry Edwards: Who said, that lie was at the beginning of the Election; and that, after a Poll was demanded, Mr. Coe flood up, and said to the Sitting-Members, " Gentlemen, Your Qualifications, your QualificatiousTo which Mr. Bramjion answered, He was ready to do it; and that he expected the Petitioners should do so too: Serjeant Cornyns said, He believed, very few questioned his Qualification; but, to save the Time of the Court, he thought it better to go on with the Poll; and said he would do it afterwards: Then they proceeded in the Poll; and after it was over, Mr. Coe came into the Court, with a Paper in his Hand, and said, They had seen the Serjeant’s Qualification, and were la-tisfied with it; but demanded Mr.; and he

produced it: That, after the Proclamation was made, there was no Demand of the Serjeant's Qualification, or any Refusal by him:

The Witness said, He was at the Table, and should have heard if there had been any Refusal: What Serjeant Cornyns said, was, That he \v;as ready to make Oath of his Qualification; which he would not do for all the World, unless he was qualified.

Mr. Richard Cornyns said, He was present during the

Time of the Poll; and that, before it began, Mr. iddrefiing himself to the now Sitting-Members, said, " Gentlemen, Your Qualifications, your Qualifications Mr. Bramfion replied, His was ready: Another Person laid. There was more Reason to doubt the Qualifications on the other Side: Upon which, a Dispute arising* the Serjeant laid. They need not dispute about that; he was ready to take the Oath when they desired it: Then and the others with him, said. Go on with the Poll; and they did so: That, after the Poll was over, Coe came into Court, with a Paper in his Hand, and said, they inlisted only on Mr. Bramjion & taking the Qualification-Oath: This Witness said, He heard no Demand of the Qualification in any other Manner than Coe crying out at the first, " Your Qualifications, Gentlemen, your Qualifica-"tkms:" Nor did he hear the Serjeant once refuse it; but, on the contrary, said, he would be ready to take it, when desired.

Mr. Cha. Tyrrel said, That when the Poll was ended, Coe declared, They were very wall satisfied with the Qualification of Serjeant Cornyns: That they demanded Mr. Bramjion s; which he gave them, and said, He was ready to take the Oath: That he did not hear any body require the Serjeant to take the Oath, nor he refuse it.

Mr. R. Freeman said, That there was a great Croud and Hurry at the Election: That he had the Care of the Poll, and heard but little of the Qualifications: He saw Serjeant Cornyns give a Particular of his Estate to Mr. Coe; who made Answer, Very well, and that he was very well satisfied; or to that Purpose: That he did not hear any body in particular demand the Serjeant’s Oath; and believes, the Serjeant was gone off the Bench when Mr. Bramjion took the Oath: That he was present all the while, and did not hear any tiling laid to the Bailiff about the Serjeant’s taking the Oath, nor any Complaint for want of it

Mr. The. Gibson, the Bailiff said, That Mr. y at the beginning of the Poll, moved for the Qualifications; and, thereupon, Serjeant Comytts gave him a Paper, and bid him peruse it: That Coe afterwards answered. He »5

was well Satisfied with his Qualification: That Serjeant Cornyns was not well, and went off the Bench; and, after he was gone, it was inlisted on, that he should take the Oath; but there was no Complaint to the Witness of his not taking it; nor did he remember that it was infilled on, or that Sir William JollyJJ'e said any tiling about it till after the Serjeant was gone: That Coe was a Manager for the Petitioners, and l’poke for the rest; and was the only Person that started the Question about the Qualifications.

That, in Answer to the Petitioners Objections to the 96, as disqualified Freemen, the Sitting-Members Counsel infilled, That the Sons and Apprentices of honorary Freemen had a Right to Freedom; and, being admitted, had a Right to vote: Which was denied by the Petitioners Counsel.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Persons who derive their Right to Freedom from honorary Freemen of the Borough of , in

the County of Essex, have not a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Then the Sitting-Members Counsel insisted, That although several of the 96 Persons objected to had purchased their Freedom, yet, in respect of their lieing Tradesmen, and resident in the Borough, such Freemen out to be admitted to vote:

Which was denied by the Petitioners Counsel; who admitted, such Freedom entitled them to all Privileges of the Corporation, except that of voting in Ele&ious to Parliament.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons claiming their Freedom by Purchase, and exercising Trades within the Borough of Malden, in the County of EfJ'cx, have not a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Four of the 96 Persons before objected to having served as Members of Parliament, the Sitting-Members Counsel infilled. That was a good Qualification.

Then the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to 58 of the Petitioners Voters, disqualified as being honorary Freemen, or by Redemption, or claiming under such: And they appeared to be so by the Entries of their Ad-millions in the Town-Books.

The Sitting-Members Counsel alleged, That the Affair of the Bridge was a Transefition between the Corporation and- Mr. Anthony Bramjion, their High Steward; and that the Sitting-Members were no way concerned in it,

They proceeded to justify the 14 Voters, objected to on that Head; and produced.

An Order in the Town-Book, dated 13 Ja. 1. for rating the Inhabitants to repair the Bridge: And,

21 April 1714, a Letter from the Corporation to Win.

Fytche Esquire, deling an Act of Parliament might bs obtained for building their Bridge, by a Duty of 12 d. per Chaldron on Coals, and id. per Quarter on all Grain and Meal flopped off there: And,

A Petition under the Corporation-Seal, intended to be preferred to the House of Commons, for that Purpose: Also,

A Letter, dated 30th Attguji 1714, from Mr. Coe, to Mr. Anthony Bramjion; taking Notice of his being that Day to sign Writings for the Bridge, and of Mr. TufneWs Encouragement to stand; and proposing. That the Sitting-Member, Mr. Thomas Bramjion, should decline the Election; and Serjeant Cornyns join with Mr. Tufnell, as a Person that would do more for the Town than ever any other had done.

Mr. Coe said. That, a Year ago, feme of the Aldermen bought Timber for building the Bridge; and that Mr. Fytche and Mr. Anthony Bramjion undertook it before May 1714.

Ja. Lawrence said, That, in the end of May or the

» Geo. I.

46° Mail.

Beginning of June 1714) he laid in 80 Pounds worth of Timber, by Order of Mr. Fytche and Mr. Anthony Bramston, for repairing the Bridge.

That, to prove Bribery and Corruption on the Peti-

tioners^?art,

John Bowes was called: Who named Eight of the Petitioners Voters; and said. They were treated at the White Horse at Chelmsford, the Night before the Election, with Beer and Wine: Mr. Tufnell, who was there, left Word, The Reckoning was paid; and went from thence next Morning to the Election: He also named ten other of the Petitioner’s Voters who were treated at Mr. Coe’s on the Day of Election; and their Votes aiked for the Petitioners.

The Witness, being crofe examined as to these Treats, laid, He did not fee any of the Reckoning paid, or hear any Order by any of the Candidates for that Purpose:

That Joseph Sams gave him 7 4to take up his

Freedom, and vote for Mr.. Tufnell; which he did accordingly.

Joseph New bold said, That James Stevens, who appeared at the Publick-houses, and paid the Charge for Mr. Tufnell, declared, some time before the Election, That, if they would come in with Mr. ,they

would lay out Money enough to repair the Bridge; would also build some Alms-houses; and said, That Mr. was a Merchant, and would take off their Goods.

Wm. Cholmly laid. That Mr. Tufnell, a little after the Queen’s Death, and before the Articles for building the Bridge, expressed to him his Desire to serve the Corporation; and declared, He would himself give 300l. towards building the Bridge; and if Mr. Serjeant Comyns would add 3001, more, it was well; if not, be would recommend a Friend that should make it up 6001.; and said, The Money should be paid within 14 Days after his Return to Parliament.

Robert Batrum said. That Mr. Leeper gave him 6j. 6d. to take up his Freedom, and vote for Mr. and

16 Shillings more for his Expences; otherwise, he would have voted for the Sitting-Members: And that Mr. Leeper gave Thomas Waters os. 6d. to take up his Freedom, and vote for Mr. Tufnell, and aoj. more for his Lois of Time, and Expences.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thiie Resolutions;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Comyns, Serjeant at Law, having, at the late

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of wilfully refused to take the Oath of Qualification, as is directed by an Act of Parliament, of the 9th Year of the late Queen, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of - Commons, though duly required so to do; and not having at any time before the Meeting of this Parliament taken the said Oath; his Election is thereby void.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That Thomas Bramston Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of - den, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Samuel Tufnell Esquire, is duly elected a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Malden.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Members to . serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, is in such Freemen only as do not receive Alms, and are intitledto Freedom by Birth, Marriage, or Servitude;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Voi. 18.

put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That such Persons' who derive their Right to Freedom from honorary Freemen of the Borough of Malden, in the County of have not a

Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Persons claiming their Freedom by Purchase, and exercising Trades within the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, have not a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And Mr. Serjeant Comyns was heard in his Place; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Comyns, Serjeant at Law, having, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, wilfully refused to take the Oath of Qualification, as is directed by an Act of Parliament, of the gth Year of the late Queen, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, though duly required so to do; and not having at any time before the Meeting of this Parliament taken the said Oath; his Election is thereby void.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Bramston Esquire* is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Samuel Tufnell Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Malden;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } .».

Tellers fur the Noes, } 106.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, by rafing out the Name of John Comyns, Serjeant at Law, and inferring the Name of Samuel Tufnell Esquire, instead thereof.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Offered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LI

Malden

Eledioo.

Way* and Means*

Supply,

Committees*

Naval

Ordnance.

Yule Va-canoe in Scotland.

Sea

Chaplains.

Ditto.

21* Matt.

Sabbati> 21* die Mali;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, >715-Praters.

MR. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to

the House an Account of the Charge of the Ordnance paid for Sea-Service for the Years 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Ordnance paid for Sea-Service for the Years 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714.

For the Year 1711 For the Year 1712 For the Year 1713 For the Year 1714

3- d.

66,405 9 — f

111,867 13 4i 56,496 4 ui 33,713 8 n*

Tho. Erse.

£.268,482 16 4

Wind for,

Edw. Ashe,

John Armstrong. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the house.

A Bill for shortening the Time of the Yule Vacance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir David Dairy mple, Mr. Guy dot, Mr. Mr.

Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Tho. Cross, Mr. Ash, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Sir Richard Farrington, Lord Coningsby, Sir Richard Satidford, Mr.

York, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Booth, Sir Mr. Johnson, Mr. Travers, Mr. Je/fup; and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Sea-Chaplains, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Brethren unprovided for in time of Peace, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap, 8$c. for raising the Sum of 1,400,000l. by way of Lottery, there is a Clause inserted in these Words, Page 322.; " And any further Sum, not exceeding 3,000l. to be equally distributed among the " Chaplains that served in the Fleet during the late War, and are not otherwise provided for That the Petitioners, pursuant to the Advertisements of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, did lay in their several Claims; and were in Hopes to have had a Distribution of the said Sum at the time fixed, by their last Advertiso-ment, for receiving any further Claims; but, after several Applications to their Lordships, they were at length pleased to declare themselves unable to determine the Import of the general Terms in which the said Act, with regard to the Petitioners, is conceived; and therefore are resolved to make no Distribution of the said Sum among the aforesaid Chaplains, without a more full Explication of the Words of the said Act, from "this honourable House: And praying to take into Consideration the hard Circumstances of the Petitioners; and, by giving a more full Explanation of the Import of the said Act, to enable their Lordships to make a speedy Distribution of the above-mentioned Sum among such Chaplains as are unprovided for.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

House an Account how the Three thousand Pounds given, the last Parliament, to the Chaplains of the Fleet unprovided for, hath been distributed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of what Quantities of Wool have been imported into this Kingdom from Spain, from Christmas 1708 to

Christmas 1714; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Year respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of what Quantities of Cochineal have been imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1708 1714,

and from thence to the 1 ft of May 1715,5 distinguishing

the Places from whence the find Cochineal catuc, and the Quantities imported in each Year, respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of what Quantities of Wines have been imported into this Kingdom from France or Spain, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Year, together with the

Amount of the Duties of fitch Frenc and Spanish Wines,

respectively, in each of those Years.

Ordered, That the said Addrefics be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy-Council.

The House proceeded to the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Sitting Members Counsel examined several other Witnesses, to disqualify Voters for the Petitioners, and as to Threatenings and Bribery.

After which, the Silting Members Counsel infilled.

That Mr. Boteler, one of the Petitioners, was not qualified according to the Act of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons.

And the Particular of the said Mr. 3 Qualifica-

tion, delivered in to the Clerk of the House, pursuant to the Order of the Twenty-third of March last, was read: and also the Will of Philip Boteler Esquire.

And the Sitting Members Counsel examined several Witnesses, touching the Matter of the said Mr. s

Qualification.

And then the Counsel were ordered to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Hertford be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Brand, who was ordered to attend the House this Day, do attend upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Newcaft!# rough of Newcastle under Line be heard at the Bar of under Lind this House upon Tuesday Sevennight, at Twelve of the auction. Clock.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Andrews Monmouth Windsor Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Borough Return for the Borough of Monmouth, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Persons who were ordered to attend the House this Day, in relation to the said Election and Return, do attend this House upon Thursday Sevennight

Wool

imported

Cochineal

imported.

Wines

import*4

Hertford

Lle&ioa.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to lay before this

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 Geo. I. 23® Maii. 131

Lunae, 23* die Maii;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

[Debtors Petitions.]

PETITION of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of York, which is the Prison for the County thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reafoti of great Losses and Disappointment in Trade, and otherwise, are become incapable of paying their full Debts; although their Creditors do well kfiow, and are convinced of, the Truth thereof; yet, out of an uncharitable and unchristian Temper, they have more Satisfaction in keeping the Petitioners under Confinement, to the utter Ruin of themselves and Families, than to accept such Part of their Debts as their Debtors are able to give them, or allow Time for Payment of the same: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Discharge of insolvent Debtors, with such Restrictions and Conditions as to your Honours Wisdom shall I’eem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt on OuJe-Bridge, in the City of , was presented to

the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses and Disappointments in Trade, and otherwise, are become incapable of paying their full Debts; though their Creditors do well know, and are convinced of, the Truth thereof; yet, out of an uncharitable and unchristian Temper, they have more Satisfaction in keeping the Petitioners under Confinement, to the utter Ruin of themselves and Families, than to accept such Part of their Debts as their Debtors are able to give them, or allow Time for the Payment of the fame: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Discharge of insolvent Debtors, with such Restriction and Conditions as to your Honours Wisdom shall feein meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of Norwich, for the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was prefonted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses, and unavoidable Misfortunes in Trade, and otherwise, are thereby uncapable of paying their Creditors their respcClive Debts; but the Petitioners are ready and willing to make them the utmost Satisfaction they are capable, by delivering up unto them, or their Use, upon Oath, all the Petitioners Substance and Effects, without Fraud or Concealment, under the feverdt Penalties, so as they may be discharged from their Imprisonments: And praying, That this honourable House will be pleased to give Leave for the bringing in a Bill for so pious and compassionate an End.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Sheriff's Ward, or Prison, at the Parish of St.Thomas the Apofile, in and for the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said poor distressed Prisoners, being about 107 in Number, being in a very dismal and despicable Estate and Condition by Imprisonment, occasioned chiefly through the malicious Prosecutions of our Creditors; for some of us have been, in some measure, able to satisfy our Creditors, and have offered so to do; which they would not accept of/in such reasonable manner as we were able to do; and others of us, who would have satisfied our Creditors, if we might have had reasonable Time from them so to do; and others of us, who, through Losses, and Impoverishments by long absconding for Debts (who, in that time of such Abfeonding, we endeavoured with the utmost Diligence to reconcile ourselves to our Creditors), long Voj.. 18.

Imprisonment, and rigorous Prosecutions, our Estates are either wasted, wholly gone, ourselves almost starved, and our Families in a perishing Condition; and all of us utterly disabled to make Satisfaction of our Debts: And praying your Honours to consider our miserable Condition, and to give us your Assistance in procuring an Act of Parliament for our Relief, and Freedom from Imprisonment, as to your Honours shall think meet and convenient

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of Lincoln was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by great Losses and Disappointments in Trade, and otherwise, are become incapable of paying their respective Creditors full Debts; but the Petitioners are ready and willing to make them the utmost satisfaCHon they are capable of, by delivering up unto each respective Creditor, or to their Use, upon Oath, all the Petitioners Substance or EffeCls, without Fraud or Concealment, under the severest Penalties that can be inflicted upon them, so as they may be discharged of their Imprisonments: And praying your Honours will not stop your Ears at the Cry of the Poor, but, as it is in your Powers, will undo the heavy Burden many of us having so long groaned under.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of above Four hundred insolvent Debtors in the Alarshalfea, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Insolvency is chiefly by Badness of Trade, occasioned by a long, though neceifery War: That the Petitioners, to obtain their Liberty, are willing to give their respective Creditors the utmost Satisfaction they are able, by delivering up their All, on the strictest Oaths and Obligations; which Terms are humbly conceived to be agreeable to Religion, Reason, and Humanity: That a great Number of miserable Debtors have been starved to Death in the said Prison; on which account poor Insolvents have reason to envy the Condition of Felons, and other Criminals, who are either punished, or discharged, soon after their Commitment and, in the mean time, supported with Bread; which your unhappy Petitioners want: And praying, That a new Bill may be brought in for their Relief this happy Juncture, now the Crown is demised on a Prince endued with so much Justice, Mercy, and Clemency, whom God grant long to reign.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Sheriflf1 Ward, and County-Prison, in , in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That your poor Petitioners, or most of us; have been several Years in Prison, occasioned by many Loffe$ and Disappointments; and, by reason of the Largenefil of our Debts, could not take the Benefit of the late Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, which was restrained to the Sum of Fifty Pounds; whereby Two-thirds of us were incapable of being dise charged; ourselves and Families are likely to starve, and suffer inevitable Ruin, unless timely relieved: Some of us have served in the late War several Years, and most of us largely contributed towards the carrying on of the fame, which was so very expensive, long, and tedious: And praying your Honours to take our miserable Condition into your most serious Consideration; and bQ pleased to grant us such an Act for our Relealemen^ as in your great WiiUom shall think meet; we being ready to deliver up to our Creditors all that we have in the World, that we may be freed from the heavy Misery of Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr Broderick reported, from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Wm. Paterson Esquire, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the

Debtoit

Petition*

PaterfWe Claims on Equivalent

LA "

Pateribn’s Claims on Equivalent.

134 33®

,the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read $ and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Paterson Esquire;

The Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters of the said Petition, it appeared;

That, by the Fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union, it is agreed, That, in the First place, out of the aforesaid Sum, what Consideration shall be found necessary to be had for any Losses which private Persons may sustain by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, may be made good: In the next place, That the capital Stock, or Fund, of th and

Indian Company of Scotland, advanced, together with the Interest for the said capital Stock, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the respective Times of the Payment thereof shall be paid; upon Payment of which capital Stock and Interest, it is agreed the said Company be dissolved, and cease: And also, That, from the time of passing the said Act of Parliament in England, for raising the said Sum of 398,085/. 10s. the said Company shall neither trade, nor grant Licence to trade; providing, That if the said Stock and Interest shall not be paid in Twelve months after the Commencement of the Union, that then the said Company may from thenceforward trade, or give Licence to trade, until the said whole capital Stock, and Interest, shall be pud.

That, soon after passing the Treaty of Union by the Parliaments of both Kingdoms, the Parliament of Scotland, by an Act, intituled. Act concerning the Payment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to the African Company, did, among other Things, limit and restrict the Payment of such Interest of 51, per Centum per Annum to the 1 ft Day of May 1707 then next following; and the whole Sums of Principal and Interest to be paid to the Creditors and Proprietors of the Joint-Stock of the said Company, to the gross Sum of 232,884 /. 5 s. o^d. only; appointing the Directors of the said Company, or any Five of them, with their Secretary, to; stato the Account of such Debts and Stock advanced of the said Company j butfo as, in the Whole, not to exceed the said grofe Sum of 232,884/. 5 s. 0\d. on or before the said First Day of May, on Pain of Letters of Homing; in which Proceedings, the Petitioner’s Claim and Demand upon the said Company was omitted.

That, upon the Petitioner’s humble Application to the First Parliament of Great Britain, it was by an Act thereof, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, particularly declared and enacted as follows; viz.

" And whereas it appears, That the Accounts of the " Stock advanced, and Debts due, by the African and *' Indian Company in Scotland, have been made up without Regard to the Claim of William Paterson Esquire, " for his Expences, Pains, and Losses, on Account, and " at the Instance, of the said Company; Be it Enacted, " by the Authority aforesaid, That no Omission or Neg-u left of the Directors of the said Company, or of others " concerned in stating, adjusting, or certifying, the Claims " or Demands upon the Equivalent, shall prejudice the " Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand, of the said William Paterson in and upon the said Company; but that the <( several Sums due to him by the said Company shall " be certified, and thereupon fully satisfied and paid in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, as the same shall be " proved before the aforesaid Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

" And in regard that, since the making of the First " Contra6ts and Agreements, the said William Paterson " hath been at further Expences, and sustained other

*’Losses and Damages, for and on account of the said " Company; Be it therefore further Enacted, That the " said JudgQS of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland 4t shall, and are hereby required to take an Account of 21

Mali. A. 1715.

" those his Expences ind Losses, and likewise of his good " Services and publick Cares; and make a full and fair " Representafion thereof to her Majesty.

" And to the end that the more full and free Inquiries may be made, and Information had, of the Premises, the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in " Scotland shall and may from time to time, direct their " Commission or Commissions to any Commissioner or " Commissioners within this Kingdom of Great Britain, "or Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, for " taking the requisite Examinations or Informations to the " Purposes aforesaid; and for reporting the same to the " laid Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.'

That by a Certificate firom the said Judges, bearing Date at Edinburgh the 16th Day of February 171$, it appears;

That after passing the said Act of Parliament, viz. in the Months of June and July 1708, the Petitioner made his humble Application to that Court; upon which, the Court was pleased to give their Orders and Directions;

That, upon such Order, James Dunlop and John Sym-mer, Accountants to the said Company, did, on the 2d Day of July 1708, lay before that Court a State of the Petitioner’s Account of Debt and Credit; which was, by the said James Dunlop and John Syrnmer, sworn unto, before Mr. Baron Maitland, upon the 5th Day of August then next following:

That Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, late Secretary to the said Company, did, by like Order, on the 23d Day of the same Month of July, lay before that Court a Report, with Extracts out of the Register-Books of the said Company, relating to the Petitioner’s Claim; which were sworn unto before Mr. Baron Scrope, on the 29th Day of the said Month of July.

The which original Account of Debt and Credit, and Report, with Extracts, are now in the Hands of the Clerk of this House.

That, towards being still the better enabled to examine Witnesses, and bring his Proofs together, the Petitioner did, in Michaelmas Term 1710, exhibit a Bill in that Court against the Commissioners of the Equivalent, her then Majesty’s Lord Advocate, and Lord Clerk Register: That, upon Interrogatories in relation to the Matter of the said Bill, the Depositions of Mr, Roderick Mackenzie were taken on or about the 30th Day of December following, together with the like Extracts directly from the said Company’s original Register-Books.

That it appears from the before-mentioned Proofs, that the Petitioner hath been at great Expence and Pains, and sustained very considerable Losses, in the Service of the late African and Indian Company of Scotland; and that it doth not appear, that lie hath received the Two Pounds per Cent.- Premium stipulated in the Preamble or Conditions of Subscriptions, marked N° 1. in the above-mentioned Extracts out of the Register-Books of the said Company; or had other Satisfaction for his laid Expences, Pains and Losses; only that the Sum of 435/. 1 \^d.

with the Interest thereon from the 7th Day of November 1.701, remains in his Hands:

Upon Consideration whereof, and of the Proofs made in that Court upon the Matter therein set forth;

" Since both at the time when the Company was beginning to be formed, and alter it was carried into a " Settlement, it was intended by those interested therein, " that the Petitioner should have a considerable Recompence for his extraordinary Services, jn projecting the " laid Company, and carrying on the Interests thereof; " as by the particular Proposals made for that Purpose fully appears, though they were never perfected, or " carried into an Execution; the said Judges are of Opinion, That the Petitioner had a just Right to have had " the said intended Recompence made good to him out " of the Equivalent-money appointed to make good " the Losses of the Persons concerned in the said " Company.

" And since he hath been excluded from any Share " thereof; and also in regard that he hath been very in-

" strument.il

i Geo. I.

230 Maii.

*33

" strumental irt carrying on other Matters of a publick " Nature, which feein to them to have been very much " to his Country’s Service; "

" The said Judges think it just and reasonable >that some Way should be found out to give him that Recompei ce for his laid Services, which he appears to have merited, and of which he hath hitherto been " disappointed of "

That by the before-mentioned Report, and Extracts out of the Register-Books of the said Company, and Depositions of Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, their late Secretary, it particularly appears;

That in regard the Petitioner, and others concerned with him, had been at great Pains and Expence in making several considerable Discoveries of Trade, and Improvements in and to both Indies-, and like wife, in procuring ‘ needful Powers and Privileges for a Company of Commerce from several sovereign Princes and States; and for which, he and they had contrived, suited, and designed, the said Company; in Consideration whereof, by the Preamble, or Conditions of Subscriptions, bearing Date at London, the 6th Day of November 1695, it was agreed That the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should, out of the First Payment, have and receive Two per Cent, of the Money to be subscribed to the capital Stock of the said Company; which was to con-lift of 600,000l. Sterling; as also 3 per Cent, of the Issues, Profits, and Product, of the said Fund, for the Space of Twenty-one Years; which was to be redeemable for 2 per Cent, more of the said capital Fund any time in Five Years:

That, afterwards, it was principally by the Petitioner’s Interest that the Sum of 300,000l. was first, in the said Month of November 169.5, subscribed to the capital Stock of the said Company at London; and that One Fourth-part thereof was at the Time of Subscription paid, either in Money, Bank-Notes, or Notes payable on Demand to the Company’s Order and Use:

That, after the Proceedings in Parliament against the Subscriptions taken at London, the Petitioner was prevailed upon to leave his Effects and Business in London, then very considerable, and to goto Scotland; where, by his Countenance and Influence, the Subscriptions to the feud capital Stock of 600,000/ was completed on or before the First Day of August 1696:

That, the Sums subscribed in London, and those in Scotland, were always understood and reputed to be Parts of the same Joint-Stock, and subjefit to the same Rules and Conditions:

That, after the Subscriptions in Scotland were completed, the Petitioner did not only continue very much to support and promote the Company’s Affairs at home; hut was further prevailed upon to go to Holland and Hamburgh, to negotiate the Transferring of such Subscriptions, as, by reason of the before mentioned Opposition, were relinquished:

That the Petitioner was still further prevailed upon to embark in the said Company’s Expedition to Darien; where, by his Condufit and Credit, he contributed much to the Support of that Colony whilst it subsisted:

That at his Return, he gave aparticular Journal, or Report, of his Negotiations and Traniafilions there: That the Petitioner hath often expressed his Concern for foe Lolfes and Misfortunes of foe said Company, and was very instrumental in having them made good out of the Equivalent-money, as stipulated in the 15th Article of foe Treaty of Union.

That the said Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, according to PaterWa Order, attended the Committee i

Whereupon a Copy of a Release from the Petitioner of the aforesaid Contraft for Two per Cent. Premium, and Three per Cent. Profits, as delivered by him the said Mackenzie to a Committee of the then House of Commons, during the Time of the Parliamentary Inquiry into, and Proceedings against, the said Subscriptions taken at London, in the Journal of this House of the 21st Day of January 1695, was read:

And the said Mackenzie, being thereon examined by the Committee, declared;

That the aforesaid Copy of a Release, by him delivered to a Committee of the then House of Commons, was not by him, the said Mackenzie, taken or collated from any Original; but only from foe Copy of a, Copy written by one Andrew Johnston:

And he further informed foe Committee, and is latis-fied. That foe said Release was not intended to operate in Bar of the Petitioner's Claim; but intended only to silence Reports then raised, That foe said 2 per Cent, was not . really for the Petitioner’s Use, but designed for other Purposes:

That he, foe said Mackenzie, had Occasion to be lo thoroughly versed in all the Transafctions relating to that Company, as having been foie Secretary thereto, both in England and Scotland, from the Time of its Institution, in the Year 1695, to its Dissolution, by the Union, in the Year 1707; that he dares confidently aver, it will always be found, upon the ftriQeft Examination that can be made, that, as the Petitioner had no Equivalent, or valuable Consideration, given him before, or at the Time of making such Release; so it was originally, according to his Apprehension, and the best Information he ever had, only a Contrivance towards defeating foe said invidious Calumny, as aforesaid.

The Recommendation of foe Petitioner to her late Majesty by foe last Parliament of Scotland, on the 25th Day of March 1707, in foe Minutes of foe Proceedings of foe laid Parliament, was read, as follows; viz.

" It being moved to recommend Mr. Paterson to her Majesty, for his good Services; after some Reasoning " thereon, it was put to the Vote, Recommend him to " her Majesty, or not ? And it carried, Recommend. "

The Resolution of this House, in foe First Parliament of Great Britain, relating to the Petitioner, in the Journal of this House of the 18th Day of March 170^-, was likewise read; and is as follows; viz.

" Resolved, That the Petitioner, Mr. William Jon, ought to be satisfied and paid all the several Sums " owing to him by foe African and Indian Company in " Scotland, pursuant to the several Agreements made " between him and the said Company, in the Terms of " the Treaty of Union, lb far as the same shall be proved before foe Commissioners that shall be appointed for " Stating of the publick Debts; and likewise that such " a Recompence be given to him, as may be suitable to " his Services, Expences, Lolfes, and publick Cares. "

The Petitioner delivered to foe Committee the following State of his Claim and Demand upon foe laid Company:

Vox- 18.

Mm A STATE

Cfihns rti Equrvaleat,

*34

1^95*

November 6. To a Premium of 2 per Cent.

on the Company’s Stock

as* Matt.

A STATE of Mr. Patersons Claim upon the Equivalent

The African and Indian Company of Scotland.

L>'

£.s. d.

A. 1715.

1707. May 4.

of 600,000 /.

-12,000-----

Tolntereftof 12,000l. from the ift of August 1696, the Time when the Subscriptions to the Company’s capital Stock were completed, to the ift of May 1707, the Time of the Commencement of the Union; to which the other Demands of the Company have been stated and paid, at 5 per Cent, as allowed by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union - - 6,450 ——

- 6,68$ 2 6

18,450-----

17M.

August i. To like Interest on 18,450/.

from the said lft of May i 707, to this Day To his Expences in the Company’s Service, from the said ift Day of 1696, to the 1 ft May 1707, the Time of the Dilfolu-tion thereof by the Union, amounting to at least 500l. per Annum - -

To Interest of 5,375 /. from the said 1 ft of May 1707, to this Day

5,375 -

- 1,948 9 —

A). 32,461 h 6

1701.

November 7. By Balance of his Account, as stated in the Company’s Books of Accounts, and proved before the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, by Meilieurs Dunlop and Symmer, the Company’s Accountants

1707.

May 1. By Interest of 435/. 15 s.

1*<Z. to this Day, at 5 perCent.

435 *5

121

£.556 *7 10*

1714.

August 1. By like Interest of 556/.

17*. 10 -fd.from the said lft of May 1707, to this Day - 201 17 6

By Balance, he claims -31,702 16 if

£.32,461 11 6

ftefictes his Proportion of 3 per Cent, of the Interest, allowed by theflVeaty of Union, on the Company’s capital Slock advanced, amounting to about 2,160/. principal Money; his great Losses, occasioned by his Absence, and Circumftahdes in the Company’s Service; particularly of his Interest in that then hopeful Constitution of the Orphans Fund, being 5 per Cent. of the Profits of the capital Stock thereof, consisting of 600,000 /. settled upon

him for Twenty-one Years.

It Appeared to the Committee;

That the before-mentioned Premium of Two per Cent, on the said Company’s capital Stock of 600,000 /. by them stipulated to be paid in the Conditions of the Subscriptions thereto, which were completed on the ift Day of August 1696, amounting to 12,000l. principal Money, remains still due to the Petitioner ----- 12,000 — —

That 6,450/..being the Interest of the said principal Sum of 12,000l. at 5 Cent, per Annum, from the said lit Day of August' 1696, to the First of May 1707, the Commencement of the Union, to which time the other Demands of that Company have been stated and paid, is also due to the Petitioner.....- 6,450----- r

£ *&45o

That 6,688/. 2 s.6d. being the Interest of 18,450/. from the said First Day of May 1707, to the ift Day of August 1714, is also due to the Petitioner -

6,688 2 <6

Which, in all, amounts to - - - - £. 23,138 a 6

That there is charged on the Petitioner, in the said Company’s Books of Accounts,

the 7th Day of November 1701, a Sum of ----- 435 15 1*

That the Interest thereof, at 5 per Cent, from the said 7th of November 1701, to

the First of May 1707,is - -121 29

£.556 17 10*

That the Interest of 55 61. 17 s. 10* d.from the said First Day of May 1707, to

the ift Day of August 1714, is - -- -- - 201 17 6

The whole Charge upon him will then be ——

758 15 4*

That the said Sum of 758/. 15s. 44 d.ought to be deduced out of the above) Sum of 25,138/. 2 s. 6d. and there will remain due to the Petitioner -

£ 24,379 7 a.

Upon

i Geo.

43 — *4°Maiu

*35

All Soul*

College

(date.

Seyply.

Upon Consideration of the whole Maher, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eighteen thousand Two hundred Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings Ten Pence and Two-thirds of a Peny, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of 5 per Cent, per Annum, from the £5th Day of be discharged.

March 1713, is due to the Petitioner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be. moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for Payment of the said Sum, with Interest for the same accordingly, in Debentures upon the Equivalent, payable

Ordered, That the Bailiff arid Burgesses of the ancient Corporation of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, be at liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of the said Election and Return.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of at the Bar of this House,

discharged.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Fiorian Goebell, Merchant, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had directed him to report the Bill to the in Course after those already issued, or which ought to House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the have been iil'ued, for the Debts stated thereon; and, in the same in at the Clerk’s Table, mean time, the Interest upon such Debentures be paid in Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted, the same manner, as in case of other Debentures.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , A Bill for the effectual preventing fresh Fish taken by relieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent- Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, was read money for what is due to him: And that the Lord Wxl- a Second time.

Goebell’t

Nat.

Importing

Ftfh.

Hew*'

Shorthorn

Elt&wn.

Ham Powlet and Mr. Broderick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for vesting in the Warden and Col* lege of All Souls in O.xford, and their Succefi’ors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of St. Mary, in Oxford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in the Warden and College of All 'Souls, in Oxford, and their Successors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of Mary, in Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Francis Esquire, be at

Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New-Shoreham, in the County of

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding on the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolulion; which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Cambridge Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-Election. vileges and Elections, touching the Elefition for the Town of Cambridge, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Delawn,

Mr. Onjlorn, Mr. Packer, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Nevill,

Air. liyld, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Lee, Mr. Gybbon, Air.

JMfovery, Sir John Cope, Mr. Swift f Air. Jennings, Air.

Deacle, Mr. Travers, Sir Edward Erne, Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Jeffcryes, Sir Richard Far-ington, Mr. London, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Northex/, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Distort, Mr. Vernon,

Colonel Grahme, Mr. Freman, Lord Mr.

Eyles, Sir J(f. Jekyll; and all that serve for the Counties of Suffix, Kertt, London, Westminster, and the Sea-Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal lb much of the Act, of the 10th and 11th Years of King William, intituled, An Act for making Billings-

gate a free Market, as prohibits the Importation of Lobsters in foreign Vessels.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better Preservation of the foiling in the River of Severn.

Air. Broderick presented to the House, according to Paterson’* Order, a Bill for relieving William Paterson Esquire, out Claims on of the Equivalent: And the same was received; and *1UIVJent* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BH1 for Limiting securing the Freedom of Parliament, by limiting the Officers in Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons: ^oufe*

And that Sir John Cope, Mr. Onslow, Air.

Mr. Freman, and Sir Arthur Key, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bewdley

Election.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relblution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards' delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, to enable his Majesty to support the Dignity of the Crown, and to make an honourable Provision for the Royal Family, there be granted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve), an additional Revenue of 120,0001, per Annum-, which, together with the net Produce of the Civil List Branches, may make up the clear yearly Sum of 700,000 /. for the Service of his Majesty’s Houshold and Family* and other his necessary Expences and Occasions.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, to enable his Majesty of an undue Election and Return for foe Borough of to support foe Dignity of the Crow n, and to make an Betvdiey, in foe County of Worcester. honourable Proviuon for -the Royal Family, there be

Vol. 18. granted

Supply.

Mart is, 240 die Maii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

F a AT IAS.

/ORDERED, That Solway JVhinington Esquire, *he at liberty to withdraw his Petition* complaining

Debtors Petition.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Publick

Mournings;

Imprisonment of Blackbora, Uc.

Hertford

flection.

13^ 24° Mail. A. 1715.

granted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God lolig Aftef which, the Petitioners Counsel summed up their preserve), an additional Revenue of 120,000 I.per Jin- Evidence. tmm‘, which, together with the net Produce of the Civih- And the Sitting Members Counsel replied, as to the Lift Branches, may make up the clear yearly Sum of Matter of the Qualification, and the new Evidence which 70,000l. for the Service of his Majesty’s Houshold and had been given.

Family, and other his uecefl'ary Expences and Occasions. And then the Counsel withdrew.

A Petition of the Poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in JBury Gaol, in the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses and Disappointments in Trade, and otherwise, are become incapable of paying their re-fpcftive Creditors their full Debts; but are ready and willing to make them the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, by delivering up unto them, or to their Use, upon Oath, all the Petitioners Substance and Effects, without Fraud or Concealment; so as they may be discharged of their Iinprisonments, and be it liberty to follow their respective Trades and Employments, for the Subsistence of themselves, and their Families: And praying, That this honourable House will be pleased to give Leave for the bringing in a Bill for so pious and compassionate an End.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom ♦he Bill to continue the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King , intituled, an Act,

That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ftiortening the Time for future publick Mournings: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Heysham, and Mr. Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackbom, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy

to aftaffinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Hertford:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses to justify several Voters, which the Sitting Members Counsel had objected against:

And one Thomas Webb being offered to be examined as a Witness;

The Sitting Members Counsel objected against his being examined; for that he was charged, by the Sitting-Members Evidence, to have endeavoured to procure a Vote for the Petitioners by Corruption, at the last Election; and had reflected on the Justice of this House:

The Counsel w ere heard in relation to that Matter.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the Petitioners Counsel be admitted to examine Thomas Webb, in relation to John Bowles's being an Inhabitant of the Borough of Hertford at the time of his being made firee.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Reiblution:

And the said Thomas Webb, and other Witnessfcs, were examined.

And then the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to justify the Petitioner Mr. Boteler % Qualification.

And Mr. Coefar was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew'.

And the Question being put, ThsXCharles Cafar Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea, W

Teller, for the Noes, {{£; } .66.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Goulston was heard in his Place.

And withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Richard Goulston Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hertford',

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for to }ro.

Tellers for to Noes, j } >«3-

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Thomas Clerk Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hertford',

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for to Yeas, Grafton,

Telle for to Noe, J .<*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

' A Motion being made, and the Question being put,-That John Boteler Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hertford:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for to Noes, } 49-

Tellers for to Yeas, gfegSL, S.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, by rafing out the Names of Charles Cafar and Richard Goulston, Esquires, and inserting the Names of Sir Thomas Clerk Knight, and John Boteler, Esquire.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for to Noes, }

Tellers for to Yeas,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That Joseph Calton, Mayor of the Borough of Hertford, is guilty of acting in an illegal and arbitrary Manner in the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in Contempt of the Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to

15 serve

Adjwnxoat

Candle*.

Hertford

Elefhon-

NewSarum

Eie&ion.

Weobly

Klt&ion.

Debtors Petitions.

i Geo. I.

24* — 25° Mau.

*31

serve in Parliament, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said JofepCalton be, for the said

Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the City of New Sarum be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hertford, be heard

at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Sixteenth Day of June next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die Mail \

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

your Honours will assist us; add hope no Creditor will oppose the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Clerk of the 'Clown attended; and, according to Hertford Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Hert- Return ford. "ttended-

A Petition of John Kent, for and on behalf of him- Rennet self, and of Elizabeth Attwater Widow, and her Children, Navigation was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That John Rolle Esquire, have Leave to go of into the Country, for Two Months, upon extraordinary Abfonc*. Occasions.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors confined in the Prison at Anger, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas the Number of poor insolvent Debtors daily increasing, even to a prodigious Number, some of which is of long Standing, and in a very perishing and miserable Condition, in the said Prison: And whereas the Misfortunes of those who are not Traders, and others who owe but small Sums, are greater than those of large Extent, inasmuch as the Act concerning Bankrupts do, at once, on surrendering what they have, or are possessed of, free them from Confinement; but, on the other hand, those to whom the said Act do not extend itself, and others who owe smaller Sums, are wholly left to perish in Confinement: And praying your Honours to grant us Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Prison of Gloucester, for the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the poor Petitioners, by reason of great Losses and Misfortunes in Trading, and by Fire, Lois of Cattle, bad Debts, and by Water, are become uncapable of paying their respective Creditors their full Demauds... the one Moiety thereof; by reason our Creditors have run us up to such a great and large Expence of Law-Proceedings; but the Petitioners, under their deplorable Condition, are ready and willing to make our Creditors our utmost Satisfaction, by delivering up our Substance and Effects, without Fraud or Concealment, so as we may be discharged of our Imprisonment, and to be at Liberty to exercise our respective Trades, for the Maintenance of ourselves, Wives, and Families: And praying your Honours will be pleased to take into your tender Considerations our submissive Suit and Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Prison of the City of Lincoln was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by great Losses and Disappointments in Trade, and otherwise, are become incapable of paying their respective Creditors their full Debts; but the Petitioners are ready and willing to make them the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, by delivering up unto each respective Creditor, jpr to their ule, upon Oath, all the Petitioners Substance, or Effects, without Fraud or Concealment, under the severest Penalties that can be inflicted upon them, so as they may be discharged of their Imprilbnments, and at Liberty to exercise their respective Trades, for the Subsistence of themselves, and their Families: And praying Vol. 18.

The House being acquainted, That some Persons from the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, Mr. Burnett, Woolka Comptroller of the Customs, brefented to the House, pur- Manufoc-suant to an Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an tur#*» Account of the grols and net Produce of the Customs, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen:

And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Customs for Wines and Brandy, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen: And,

Mr. Martin, Inspector-General of the Imports and Exports, presented to the House, pursuant to the said Act-dress, an Account shewing the Quantities of all Woollen Manufactures, and of all Lead, Tin, and Fish, that have been exported from England in the several Years from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, to , Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, respectively; to what Places, and in what Shipping: Alfoy

An Account of all Woollen Manufactures exported from England, from Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-seven, to Christmas One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-tune; and to what Places: And,

An Account of what Logwood, Fustick, Indico, and other Materials or Drugs for Dyeing, have been font from England to France, since the late Peace concluded at Utrecht, up to Christinas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by tire Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Bufgeffes, and Af- cUndeftih* fistants, together with the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, Export of and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Tiverton, in Wool. Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the uncommon Difficulties, with which the Woollen Trade of the Country hath for some time been, and still is, oppressed, appear chiefly to proceed from the Lois of our Wool, which has been sent out of his Majesty’s Dominions to France in great Quantities; by which the French have been enabled to supply foreign Markets with their Woollen Manufactures, on easier Terms than his Majesty’s British Subjects, who are obliged to pay a considerable Duty for all the Wool they receive out of Ireland; from which the Clandestine Traders with France exempt themselves: And praying, That a Law may be made, more effectually to restrain that pernicious Trade -chiefly practised in Ireland; to the great

N n Prejudice

u£° Mail. A. 17^5.

CUtMfcft'yA

Ifrejurikedjf tire jfcftlbk Rreeaues ttf tint Kingdom; and to preserve to your Petitioners their Alendfanures; My Mhich theiValuex>f>our iLands.is chiefly supported,*and our Poor almost universally employed.

A petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, "Common-Couneil, and also the Merchants, 'Fullers, Clothiers, and others, trading in the Woollen Manufacture, within the City of Exon, was prefepted to the House, vaad read; setting ford), That the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties, by reason of the v^d Quantities of Wool and Yam 'being continually carried to , and other foreign

Poito, (frptp this Kingdom; apd more especially from Ireland, where several bhips of Wool, bound to -France, have, of late been seized; and where the clandestine iRun-npr /aves the Duty, which is at least Twenty per Cent. which the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay; tty means whereof the Woollen Manufacture of this Nation in general, and of this City, and Country adjoining, in a foore particular Manner, suffers under the greatest Herd* ffiip, and, is in Danger of being loft: The many Thousands of poor Families who were subsisted by their Labour so that Manufacture alone, mult fall a grievous Charge to the Parishes where they dwell; and we, to our untpeak-able Grief, and Irapoverishment, must fee the Subjects of the , French King growing riph by pur Ruin; and

foreign Markets, formerly supplied from England with our Manufactures, are now, by the He|p of Wool, supplied from France: And praying, That such speedy and effectual Measures may be taken for our Relief....

Encouragement gmn to Merchants, and iEtx porters of the fame, of One Peny in the Pound Drawback, ’Leather is 1 amounted tofech «n excfcffite Price, being coy near,

-double what > formerly, '.that, without feme Belief, the Petitioners will, in a!little tiom,'beiino*p&bleief following and exercising their respective Trades; and not only they, and their Families, but many others, who work for, and have >a Dependence on, them, reduced to extreme Poverty: And praying, That the ;feid Drawback of One Peny in the Pound may ’betaken' off.

Ordered That the said Petition be rejected.

Mr. 'SoKcitory General presented to the -House, accord- Elaakre — iag to Order, ' Bill for the more 1 effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not summon*, returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for &c. preventing Bribery and Corruptions tin the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the BHl be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver to the Paper* to i» proper Officer the several Establishments in the Time of returned to King Charles the Second, King James the Second, King oj^r William and Queen Mary, and Queen Anne; which were presented-to the House the Eleventh Day of May mstant.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital BurgeOes, and chief Inhabitants, of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of this Town, who are very numerous, do chiefly depend on the Woolleu Manufactory for their Subsistence; which Trade is of late very much decayed, occasioned by the great Quantities of Wool and Yarn feat into France from the Kingdom of Ireland-, by which means, they who fend it in such a clandestine Manner, save about 20 per Cent. Duty; which is-paid by all those who fairly export for England-, and not only the Government sustains a great Lose in the Revenue, but the French are enabled to supply foreign Markets cheaper than can be done from England; which if not timely prevented, the Trade of this Town will be loft, and many Thousends in this, and neighbouring Parts, must inevitably come to Want: And praying. That feme effectual Methods may be found out for preventing the same for the future.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual:

And it is referred to Lord Coningfoy, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Drew, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Attor-

ney-General, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Morice, Mr.

Morice, Sir. Wm.Carew, Sir Robert Fumeje, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Boteler, Sir Tho. IVheate, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Wild, Sir Arth. (keen, Mr. Bere, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Secretary

hope, Colonel Morton, Mr. Ccumady, Mr. Northmore, Sir John Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Ducane, Mr. Chet-mini, Mr.. Smith, Mr, Gold, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Coffin, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Forester: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Drawback on A Petition of the Shoemakers, Curriers, and Sadlers, Leather, of the ancient Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of the same Trades, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the great Duty upon Leather, and the numerous Quantities exported, occasioned by the great

24

A Petition of John Barlow Esquire, was presented to Haverford-the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner 'X. flood Candidate at the Election of a Burgess for the Town E e<Slon' and County of Haverford-West: That Sir

Baronet, who was the other Candidate, notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Electors, did procure himself to be returned, by the illegal Practices of James Wheeler Esquire, the present Mayor of the Laid Town and County, and Brother-in-law to Prust Gentleman, Sheriff; who did, in favour of Sir Geo.

Barlow, bring several Persons, Foreigners to the said Corporation, whom he pretended had a Right to vote at the said Election; though the Petitioner is very well informed, they were made Freemen against the Rules of the said Corporation; the said Sheriff declaring, notwithstanding all Objections made by the Petitioner, That he would allow of whomsoever the said Mayor should bring up; and he accordingly did admit the Persons, so illegally made, to vote, and returned the said Sir Geo. Barlow; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do appoint the Matter of the said Petition to be heard upon this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }’8o.

Tellers for U,e Noes, , j9J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom;

The House divided. ’

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 9«.

Tellw for the Noes,j"; J '59-

So

x Ge©. I.

250 — atf° Maii.

139

So ft ptffed 'in the ’Negative.

the OthW'GrdWs Of the D»y tei»g read

Woollen Ordered, Thatfoe! Billtomdkefee Act, of'ihe Tenth Manufacture. Year 4f her lute Majest/s Reign, Idtheled, Act Act for Regulating, Improvinj*, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the 'better 'Payment of the Poor employed therein; more efffiftud], 'for the Benefit -of Trade in general; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Supply «iii» The Order'Of the Day 'being read, for the’House to "Duties on Vefolve kfetf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Malt, &c. >t|,e Bill fop charging and continuing foe Duties upon

’Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thoimind Seven hundred and fifteen-;

Ordered, That it >be «n Irfstruction to the said Committee, That they do provide for transferring to the Register upon that ©ill, 'the utffatisfied 'Loans on the Malt Act, for the 3Year ending at Midfiimmer One thousand Seven hundred >and f ourteen; with die Interest 'thereof.

Ordered, That k be an Instruction 'to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause of Credit

Ordered, That it he an Irfstruction to the fold Committee. That they do receive a Clause for Relief, in'Cafes where Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets, shall be made appear to be toft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That k he an Instruction to foe said Committee, That they do -receive a Clause for enlarging the Time for taking and adjusting Claims to Benefits in the several Lottery Acts which paled in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign.

Then [foe House resolved itself into foe said 'Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 1 Fairer took the Chair of the Commiftee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Form* reported from the Committee, That they had made same Progrefe in foe Rill; and directed him to move, That they may have Leatve to 'fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, sft Twelve of foe Clock, resolve itself into a Committee-of foe whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, for charging and continuing die Ditties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for foe Service df foe Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve Itself into a Committee of foe wltole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Quakers Ordered, That foe Report from the Committee, to Affirmation, whom foe BiH to continue foe Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation' and Declaration of foe People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of foe Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Maii

Anno 1® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

;ian<feftiae A PETITION of foe Inhabitants of the Borough Of Export of Tavistock, in foe- County of Devon, in behalf of

Vool. them feives, and several Thousends, concerned in the Wool-

lea Manufacture, was presented to foe House, and Mad 5 setting forth, That foe Petitionara faffer extremely -by reason of foe immense Quantities of Wool and-Yam being continually exported to France, and other foreign Parts, from England, and particularly from Ireland', where several Vessels of Wool, bound to been fefced;

V*. 1*.

and whete'foetftahfteftitte^uWWW'fetfes'foe’Ddty, which is at least Twetlty per 'Cent, which the honest Exporter for England is forced to pay: by Means whereof, the Woollen Mandfacture Of this Nation in general, aftd of this Part in afoore particular manner, laboUr'Uhderfoegreateft Hardfiups, and-is in Danger of being loft; foe many Thousends of poor Families who had foeir Livelihood in this Manufacture alone, must fall a grievous Charge to the Parishes where they dwell: And praying, That such speedyand dfleftual Merifures rtray betaken for our Relief as to your great WHHom shall !seem convenient.

Ordered, That the said ‘Petition be referred to the

Consideration of foe Committee, who are appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing foe Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland', and how the ferae may be made more effectual.

A Petition of the Clothiers of foe County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and many fooufands employed in foe said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That foe Petitioners have, of late Years, and do still, find a great Decay in foeir Trade; to the utter Ruin of foe Poor, whose Burden daily increaseth upon them: This Grievance, they humbly conceive, is occasioned by foe large Quantities of Wool and Yam transported from Great Britain and Ireland to other Nations, and more particularly to France; Where it is manufactured at a much cheaper Rate than foe Petitioners are able to do k for, and lent abroad to our Markets; which proves very detrimental to our Trade: And praying, That this honourable House will grant the bringing in a Bill, which may prevent the Running of our Wool and Yam, &c. to France, and other Nations!

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of foe Committee, who are appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing foe Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of Southgate, in foe City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are in a deplorable Condition, occasioned by their long Confinement, and the obdurate Hearts of Creditors, that will not accept Of foe utmost Satisfaction that can be made, although offered; also, their Families are reduced to live on the charitable Benevolence of good People: And praying. That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for granting to us that Blessing which is most valuable, even our Liberty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir C/ufrles Turner, from foe Lords commissioners Of foe Admiralty, presented to the House, purihaiit to theft Address to his Majesty, an Eftitnate of the Charge of foe Victualling for the Men borne in foe Years 1711* 1712, 1713, and 1714; beginning foe First of July, and ending the 31st of December, annually: And also,

A Report from the Lords Commimoners Of the Admiralty, relating to foe 3,000l. voted for the Chaplains of the Fleet:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The laid Estimate and Report are as follow; via.

An. Eftirnate of the Charge of foe Victualling for foe Men borne in foe Years 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714; beginning the lft of January, and ending the 31st of December, annually; viz.

N® of Men borne. 1714 - - - 4>?35 "

1,7^2 - - - -38,106 -

1713 - »- - 21,636 -

1714 - - - 13*098 -

£ d.

‘ 850,577 —

- 391 >355 *1

- 335,762 6 q|

- 203,263 15 6*

£. 1,980,958 5 — 4

Amounting

Clandestine Export of Wool,

Debtor*

Petition,

Victualling

Estimate.

140 a6° Mail ^.1715.

Amounting, per Estimate, in the Whole, to the Sum of 1,980,958/. $s. f. Dated at the Victualling-Office, London, the 16th of Map 1715.

Tho. Reynolds. . Harris. Pet. Jeyes.

Tho. Bere. W. Bacon.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, 8cc.

THG Honourable House of Commons having, on /he 2lit of this Month, upon a Petition of the Sea-Chaplains, praying an Explanation of the Clause, granted the last Sessions of Parliament, for appropriating 3,000l. for their better Support, voted an humble Address to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to give Directions to us, to lay before them an Account how the said 3,000l. hath been distributed; We do, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, hereby humbly represent, That, upon the directing the said Sum, we caused a List of the Names of all the Sea-Chaplains to be prepared, in order to the coming to as clear a Light as ’twas possible, which of them out of Employment had a Right to partake of the aforesaid 3,000l.; Which Lifts we having taken into our Consideration, and several Particulars occurring to us, upon debating this Matter, which we judged necessary to be explained by the House of Commons, before we gave any final Directions for the Distribution of the said Sum of Money among the Chaplains; we do humbly lay the following Queries before the House: And pray, That we may receive their Pleasure thereupon; viz.

ift. Whether, by these Words, " equally divided," in the Vote of the House, it is meant, That such Chaplains, who have served but a very little while, should have equal L Shares with those who have been many Years in the Service

2d. Whether all the Chaplains who shall appear to have a Right to Part of the aforesaid 3,000l. and have served in small or great Ships, shall be upon the same Foot ? Or whether they shall have a Proportion according to the Rates of the Ships wherein they have served

3d. Whether Curacies or Lectureships, from which they are liable to be removed* shall be deemed a Provision for any of them

4th. Whether the being unprovided for, when the House of Commons were pleased to vote the 3,000l. for their Support, or at any determined Day, shall entitle them to a Share of the said Money

5th. What Proof shall be required of the Value of their Livings? Or whnt Value of such Livings shall qualify or difoualify them, as to a share of the aforesaid 3,000l.?

6th. Whether the Widows of such deceased Chaplains who were entitled to part of the said Sum, when voted by the House, shall have the same Share thereof as their Husbands would have had if they were living

Admiralty-Office, Orford. Byng.

34th May 1715. Geo. Dodington. J. Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Woollen A Bill to make the A 6k, of the Tenth Year of her late Mannfediare. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An ACk for Regulating, Im* proving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Rudge, Sir Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Carter, Sir John Cope, Mr. Sir

Richard Howe, Mr. Gold, Mr. Sekvyn, Mr.

Sir Nich. Morris, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Inge, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumptree, Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Bristow, Sir John Norris, Sir Henry Johnson, Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. Hither, Colonel Morton, Sir Cha.

Hotham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Drewand all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Somerset, Worcester, Devon, and York: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bracebridee presented to the House, according to Insolvtm

Order, a Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors: And Debtor* the same was received.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Quaker* into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled,

An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read-throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the President, Treasurer, and Governors, Blackwell-of Christ’s Hospital, London, for and on behalf of the hall Woolla poor Children harboured in the said Hospital, was pre- Market* fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Black-well-hall in London, is the Place that, for very many Years, hath been uied for a Common publick Market for Sale of English Cloth, brought to London for Sale; and has been set apart for this purpose; and, before the Fire of London, was very commodious for it; and since then,

the same has, at great Charge, been rebuilt, and new Ad-dititions made, to render it still more convenient for these Purposes; which it accordingly is: That, by Act of Parliament, in the 39th of Queen Elizabeth, Northern Cloths of all Kinds, brought to London for Sale, are to be brought to the said Market in Blackwell-hall; and, upon Application by the Clothiers of divers other Counties, an Act was obtained, in the 9th Year of his late Majesty,

King William, intituled, An Act to reliore the Market of Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; whereby it is enacted, That the Petitioners, Governors of the said Hall, and their Deputies,

shall set forth and appoint to the Clothiers of all Counties, that shall bring up Cloths to fell at the said publick Market, the most convenient Room in the said Hall, for the Sale of their Cloth; and likewise Warehouse-Room for the lodging and safe-keeping any Cloth of the said Clothiers, unfold; the Clothiers, or their Servants, paying unto the Hall-keepers the ancient Duties of the said Hall, and no more; and the Hall-keepers, Clerks, and Master-Porters, of the said Hall, are to keep their Books, and Weekly Register, of all the Cloths bought and sold in the said Market; in which they shall truly enter the Names, and Places of Habitation, of the Owner, Buyer, and Seller, of the said Cloths, together with the Time of the Sale thereof; and likewise of the FaCkor, or any other Person other than the Owner, buying or selling the fame; to the end Clothiers, and others, may be satisfied how their Cloths are fold and disposed of; without Fee or Reward:

And they are subjected to a Penalty of 101 for every Offence against the said Act; And that no Factor, or Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner of the Cloth,

shall fell, cause to be sold, or expose to Sale, out of the said Market, any Cloth consigned, or directed, by the Owner thereof, to be brought to the said Market, or to any Factor there, to be sold, under the Penalty of 5/. for every Cloth so fold: That the keeping up the said Market for the Purposes aforesaid, tends greatly to the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and is for the Benefit and Advantage of the Clothiers;

That the said last mentioned A Gtis defective, in regard as the same now stands, neither the Owner, nor the Factor,

without

I GEO; t;

2w°

Mail

141

Kew Samim Election.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 die Maii\

Georgii

Regis, 1715.

without express Direction frotn the Owner, is obliged lb Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned bring their Cloths to the said Market; notwithstanding Until this Day Fortnight, what the Intent of the said Act seemed to be, and the great Charges the Petitioners have been At, and by the said Act are, to be at, to accommodate the Clothiers, and their Factors, as to their Cloths: And praying, That the said Act, of the Eighth and Ninth of King frilluon, may be made more effectual, and the Petitioners have Relief id the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of Nero Sarttm:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the several Petitions bomplaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City were read.

And a Witness being produced to prove a Copy of d Deed, by which the Sitting Member, Mr. Swanton, con-Veyed the Inheritance of a Meadow to the Corporation;

The Sitting Member’s Counsel objected against such Copy's being redd ds Evidence I

And the Counsel were heard thereunto.

And then they withdrew.

And, being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the Petitioners Counsel, That the House expected they should give some Evidence of the Execution of the said Deed:

And they examined Witnesses touching the fame; and also to prove the said Copy of the Deed i

And then the said Copy was read;

After which, the Petitioners Counsel inlisted, That Mr. Swanton was not qualified, according to the Act, of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act

Call of tb» House.

Anno Prayers.

APETITI ON dfthe Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, Clandeflin* Dyers, and ether principal Inhabitants, of the Town ^xJ^rl of of Taunton, hi Somer/etshire, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That, since the late Peace and Treaty of Commerce with Spain, the Woollen Manufacture of this Country has laboured under great and unufoal Difficulties here dt home, artd as great Di£ couragements from abroad; Which the Petitioners are well assured, do proceed from the Exportation of Wool; in greater Quantities than ever, out of his Majesty’s Do-tninions, into France; by which means, the French, who have the Liberty of foreign Markets, dre able to supply them on lower Terms than his Majesty’s British Subjects; who, besides the other Duties on the Manufactory, are obliged to pay a considerable Duty -on all the Wool they receive out of Ireland', which all that is clandestinely exported into France does escape: And praying. That such effectual Restraints may be provided against that pernicious Trade, so injurious to the publick Revenues in Ireland, and to the Woollen Trade in this Kingdom, and such Encouragements given to the Woollen Manufacture, by which so many Thousands of the Poor are maintained

for the securing the FreedoinVPartiamsnts, by the for- "" "> ta Jour Honours 8" Wifdon,> O'*11

ther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Com- e 1 ou8tlt proper, toons

And the Particular of the said Mr. Swanton's Qualification, delivered in to the Clerk of the House, pursuant to the Order of the Twenty-third of March last, was read:

And the Petitioners Counsel produced the Will of Edward Pyle Esquire; and called a Witness to the Value of One of the Farms mentioned in the said Particular, in relation to the Taxes payable for the said Farm:

And an Objection being made to that Sort of Evidence;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to give in Evidence, in relation to the Value of the Farm of Grately, in the County of Southampton, what the said Farm pays to the publick Taxes, in Proportion with other Farms in the same Parish j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the i

Mr. Corrance,

81.

62.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, fend other Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties, by reason of the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn being continually carried to France, and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom, and more especially ' from Ireland; where several Ships of Wool, bound to

France, have of late been seized; and where the clandestine Runner saves the Duty, which is at least Twenty per Cent. which the fair Exporter for is obliged

to pay; by means whereof, the Woollen Manufacture of this Nation in general, and of this Town, and Country adjoining, in a more particular Manner, suffer under the greatest Hardships, and is in Danger of being loft; the many Thousands of poor Families, who were subsisted by their Labour in that Manufacture alone, must fall a grievous Charge to the Parishes where they dwell; and we; to our Grief, must lee the Subjects of the French King growing rich by our Ruin; and foreign Markets, formerly supplied from England with our Manufactures, are now supplied from France: And praying this honourable House, That such speedy and effectual Mefefures may be taken for our Relief

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wodl from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

Ditto,

T atmton

flexion.

Tellers for the Noes, j Bamfypi i

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses accordingly.

And afterwards they summed up their Evidence.

After which, the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of New Sarum be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Fourteenth Frodsham Bridge to Northwych aforesaid, is capable of.be-Day of June next. ing made navigablejpr Barged, and other Vessels; which,

in case the same may be effected, will be of Advantage

A Petition of the Gentlemeh, Freeholders, and chief Weaver Inhabitants, of Northwych, and Parts adjacent, in the Navigation. County of Chester, was presented to the House, fend read; setting forth, That the River Weaver, m Cheshire, from

Vol. 18.

to

Lr-

C^ngof

Publick

Mourning*.

Way* and Means.

Kortbarepton

Writ.

’Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Duiies on Malt, &c.

14$ 27* Mail 1715*

to the Publick, tuid tend very much to the Preservation of the Highways, Improvement of Trade, and Increase of Watermen: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill into this honourable House, for making the said River Navigable iirom Frodjhum Bridge to Northwych aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Boothand Sir George do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mai tilers within the Borough of,

in the County of Derby, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That within the said Borough, and Places adjacent, there anciently hath been, and now is, a very great Trade of Malting; and that the Barley, with which the Maltsters theer are supplied to make Malt of, is very bold and good; and the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have conilantly used to deep their Barley in the Ciftem much longer time than the Maltsters in other Places usually do; by reason whereof, and of the Goodnels of the Barley, it swells as much, or more, in the Cistern, as in most other Places it doth in the Couch: That, by reason the King's Officers may take as many Gauges as they please, the Petitioners are forced to let it lie, in a regular Form, in the Couch, 30 Hours; which is not only, in itself, very prejudicial to the Malt, but-also the Officers, in taking their Couch-Gauges, cannot avoid treading upon Part of it; which, being bruised, corrupts the red that it is mixed with, and proves prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying your Honours to consider their Cafe, and give Leave, That a Clause may be added to the Bill, now before you, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715, That the Gauge of the Petitioners Malt may be confined to the Gauge of the Cidem only.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Heysham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for shortening the Time for publick Mournings: Aud the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved- itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, when they will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday. Morning'next.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgefe to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of George Montagu Esquire, now Lord Halifax, called up to the House of Peer*.

Ordered, That John Roberts Esquire, have leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to Order^resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the »7

Bill, for charging and continuing the Duties upon Mali;

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year *715.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

The House being informed, That both the Petitioners k*w Swat and Sitting Members for the City of New Sarum are will- ilUdiww ing, that the further Hearing the Merits of the Election -for the said City of New Sarum, at the Bar of this House, be discharged;

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the said Election be discharged.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Westbwj Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, be received upon Wednesday Morning next

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Cambridge That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and - EU&ioa. Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Cambridge, be now received.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yees,$£ } 140.

Tellers for the Noes } ,tS-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the said Committee, the Matter touching the said Election, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: And the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Samuel Shepheard junior, and John Jenyns junior, Esquires, complaining of an undue Eie&ion and Return of Sir John Ilynde Cotton Baronet, and Thomas Sclater Esquire, for the Town of Cambridge:

That it was agreed, That Cambridge is a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in ali Freemen not receiving Alms.

That the Poll was;

For Sir John Hynde Cotton, 196: Mr. Shepheard, 156:

Mr. Sclater, 175: Mr. Jenyns, 105.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to 61 of the Sitting Members Voters; viz.36 as disqualified Freemen;

33 on Account of Bribery; One under Age; and One receiving Alms:

That, on the Head of disqualified Freemen, the Petitioners Counsel alleged, There are Two Courts held in this Town; One called the General Common Day, the other the Private, or Summoned, Common Day:

That the General Common Day is held Five times a Year, on particular Days appointed by the Charter, when the Corporation auemble without Summons; and the Private, or Summoned, Common Day, is held as often as the Mayor thinks fit; of which, they infilled, there ought to be a reasonable Summons, by One Day’s Notice at the least; and that no Freemen could be admitted but at one of these General, or Summoned, Common Days, when a Majority of the Aldermen, being Six at lealt, must be present:

That they produced the following Instances in the Town Books;

In

jt Geo. I,

In Phil. ST Mar. Eight Summoned Common Days held; viz.

One, prafentibus majors, aldermarmis, balivis, 24

Another, coram majore, et necnon Roberto

Smith, uno aidermannorum villa pradi&a, ac aids aidermannorum, ac etiam magna congregations burgenfium villa, prout mos est

Another, coram majore et balivis, necnon Ha (Jell, uno aidermannorum, prout mos est:

Another, prafentibus majore, aldermarmis, balivis, 24,

et conmunitate:

Another, prafentibus majore, alet 24: Another, coram majore et balivis, necnon Roberto Chapman, uno aidermannorum, proui mos est:

Another, stiled Dies communis legitime summomtus} and no Mention , is made of Aldermen being presents Another, stiled Dies communis, prafentibus de alder*

mannis, the Mayor, and Nine other, Three Bailiffs, and 14 of the 24.

9° of Eliz. Two Summoned Common Days} One, prafentibus majore, aldermarmis, et 24; and the other* stiled Dies communis legitime summomtus:

That it does not appear, that any Freemen were admit* ted at any of these Courts; but other Business was done.

7* Jan. 1633. A Summoned Common Day, when a Freeman was admitted; and the Recorder, and Nine Aldermen, are mentioned to be present:

That, between the Years 1633 and 1653,-the Petitioners Counsel produced Nine Instances; viz. Four of Admissions of Freemen at Summoned Common Days; and Five other Instances of Business done on the like Days, when Six, or a greater Number of Aldermen are mentioned to be present:

That the Stile of these several Courts is, a Summoned Common Day; without mentioning before whom held:

In 1653, the Stile of the Summoned Common Days is altered; they are then mentioned to be held before the Mayor and Bailiffs:

And between the Years 1653 and 1660, the Petitioners Counsel produced 13 Instances; viz. Five of Admissions of Freemen at Summoned Common Days so held; and Eight Instances of Business done on the like Days, when Six, or a greater Number of Aldermen are mentioned to be present.

That in 1660, the Stile of these Courts is again altered; in that Year, they are mentioned to be held before the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses: Afterwards, that Stile is altered; and the nfual Stile is, a Summoned Common Day Court, such a one Mayor:

In the Years 1660, 1661* and 1662, the Petitioners Counsel produced 14 Instances; viz. Six Summoned Common Days, Two General Common Days, when Freemen were admitted; and Six other summoned Common Days, when Business was done; and another Summoned Common Day in 1713, when a Freeman was admitted: At-all which Days, Six* or a greater Number of-Aldermen are mentioned to be present That the Petitioners Counsel offered to produce many other Instances since the Year 1662, of Admissions of Freemen, when a Majority of Aldermen appeared to be present.

That the Sitting Members Counsel admitted. That, foom the Year 1662, whenever the Aldermen present are named, they are generally Six, or more, in Number.

' That the Petitioners Counsel produced an instance, 14 April \ 653, of a Summoned Common Day, when the Entry is thus; " Nothing done at the said Day, by Defest of a competent Number of Aldermen, most of " them being out of Town."

That the Petitioners Counsel allowed there are some Entries of Admissions to Freedom, when lese than Six Aldermen are named to be present; but insisted Six Aldermen are necessary.

To shew such Entries might be mistaken, they produced the Town-Book of a Common Day Court, held 12 February 1713, when only fix Aldermen are named to be present; and called,

Vol. 18.

Mail .143

Mn JofepkPyke :Who laid, He wis then an Alder*

inan of the Town, and was present during that whole Court; although his Name is not entered in the Book.

That the Petitioners Counsel produced a Collection of Orders in the Town-Book, for the better Government and Quiet of the Town, made at a Summoned Common Day, 14 August 16295 One of which is, That before the Mayor fumoion a Common Day, he and the Aldermen meet, and agree of the Things to be propounded that Day; and what mall be agreed by the major Part, the Mayor ftialt propound; and that no Proportion shall be made by: the Mayor against the Will of the greater Part of the Aldermen; and when the Propositions are, agreed ou, then, and not before, the Common Day to be warned.

That it appears by the Town-Book, that 28 July lfigi, a Summoned Common Day was held in the Mayoralty of Mr. Ewen: Five Aldermen are named to be present; and there is a Raliire among their Names.

The Petitioners Counsel alleged tlus to be a Rasure of the Name of another Alderman then present; and called

Thomas Sanders: Who said, That, since Michaelmas last, he had some Discourse with Mr. Fo.r the Town-Clerk.; who told him, There was always Six Aldermen present when any Freemen were admitted in Mr. Eweris Mayoralty: But Fox was not then Town-Clerk.

Thomas Crab, One of the Common Council, find, He has been a Freeman 40 Years; and has been Treasurer and Bailiff; and that he never heard it pretended, till now, that Freemen could be admitted, without Six Aldermen present

That, for 21 Years, he has known this to be the Usage upon the Common Days; the Mayor and Aldermen assemble in their Parlour, and the Common-Council in their Hall; and nothing can be done but what is fil’d pro* posed by the Mayor, and agreed to by Six Aldermen theit present; and for want of a Sixth Alderman, he has several times known the Common Days break up, and nothing done, though the Mayor and Five Aldermen have been present

John York laid, He has been a Freeman 20 Years, and 16 Years a Common-Council-man: That it is requi* site the Mayor and Six Aldermen be present at the Ad-tnifiion of Freemen at a Private Common Day: That when Three, Four, and Five Aldermen, besides the Mayor, have been present, he has known the Common Day break up for want of a Sixth Alderman; and that he remembered but Two or Three Instances of doing any Business when left than Six Aldermen were present.

.Wm. Simonds said, He has known the Corporation Thirty Years; and has been of the Common-Council 18 Years: That Six Aldermen, besides the Mayor, were always necessary for admitting Freemen; he has several times known the Courts break up for want of Sixth Alderman, when Five have been present, beside the Mayor; and never knew it otherwise, but in a late Instance or Two within these Three Years. 1

Wm. Read and Tho. Sanders (one is of the Common-Council, the other a Burgefe), said. They had known the Corporation 17 Years: That Six Aldermen, beside the Mayor, were always necessary for admitting Freemen: That they never knew any Business of Moment done; such as making Leases or Freemen, though intitled by Birth, or Service, without Six Aldermen present; and that they had known the Courts break up several times for want of that Number of Aldermen.

John Wendy, another of the Common-Council, said, He had known the Corporation 30 Years: That Six or more Aldermen are necessary to niake Freemen; and that they always broke up if Six Aldermen were not present.

That, as to the Manner of making the Thirty-six Freemen objected to, the Petitioners Counsel called,

Wm. Rumbold: Who said. That, on the 5th of October last, the Mayor proposed to make some honorary Freemen: Twelve Aldermen were then present, ana

Seven

144 $7° Main A. 1715.

g* Spven of them opposed it; which (topped those Proceed-: Thomas Sanders said, CWcAy had declared he would vote

'* ings that Day. for Mr. Shepheard; but durst not, for fear Dr. Berry

John York said, He was at the Common Day the 14th should turn him out of his Business at; and of October last, when the Mayor, and only Five Aldermen, that he should lose all his other Work: The Witness over-

were present: The Mayor declared to the Common- heard Dr. Berry threaten to turn him, and his Son, out

Council, That he called that Common Day to make his of their College-Employments:

own Freeman; and, after a little Discourse, proposed that That Charles Harding was arrested by the Witness for Freeman, and several more; but the Witness, and others, 30 Shillings; and Mr. who voted for the Sit-

protested against admitting any Freeman at that time, for ting Members, paid the Money; and that voted

want of a sufficient Number of Aldermen present; and for the Sitting Members.

cautioned the Mayor against proceeding: But the Mayor Richard Sanders said, Alderman , who voted

said, There was an Alderman of the Corporation that for the Sitting Members, lent him 10 Pounds, without

would justify him, and he would do it; and that he made Interest; that he voted for Mr. Shepheard and Mr. Scla-

36 Freemen that Day, notwithstanding their Protests. ter: And said, He voted for Mr. Sclater because he knew

That it was admitted by the Sitting Members Counsel, him to be an honed Gentleman; and that lie did not That the 36 Freemen objected to were admitted to Free- know but he might have voted for him if he had not had dom on the 14th of O richer, and 10th of November last, the Money.

when only the Mayor, and five Aldermen, were present. John Bird said, That on the 14th of March last,

Tho. Sanders said, That 13 of those 36 Freemen had a Hall told him, at Wilton in Norjolk, That a Messenger Right by Birth, or Service; and the rest purchased, or who came down for him bore his Charges to Cambridge; were honorary Freemen: That, the Witness aftervrards that Mr. Sclater gave him Two Guineas to take up his telling the Mayor he could not justify those Admiliions; Freedom, which cost him 10 Groats: Then he went down And that Complaint would be made to the King’s Bench, again, and w'as sent for at the Election, and engaged to and to the House of Commons; the Mayor laid, He did vote; After he had voted, Sir John Hynde Cotton bid him not value either; and that if those he had made would go to Alderman Carrington, who should satisfy him for not carry the Election, he w'ould make 60 or 100 more: his Trouble and Charge: He went, and the Alderman And the Town Clerk said. They would give Mr. Shep- gave him Four Guineas, and a Five Shilling Piece. heard his Belly-full of the King’s Bench, and of the House Thomas Gale said, He asked Thomas Fuller, the Night

of Commons: before the Election, Why he w’ould not vote for Mr.

- The Witness farther said, The Sitting Members were Shepheard? He answered, Because the Mayor had taken present at both Courts when these 36 Freemen were ad- away a Horse; but that he was promised to have his mitted; and, if they had not been there, they durst not Horle again, or one as good, or Niue Pound in Money; have done as they did. and that was the Reason he voted:

Mr. Crab said, He was summoned to be at the Com- That Philip Sanders told him, the Night before the mon Day Court the 14th of October last, at Two of the Election, He would vote for Mr. Shepheard; but that Clock; and that he had no Notice of it till between U Joseph and Benjamin Wendy, Two Butchers, who voted and 12 the same Day: That, formerly, Notice was given for the Sitting Members, had sent him as many Sheep the Day before; but, of late, it has been usual to give it Skins as came to Three Pounds and Ten Shillings, to vote at Nine of the Clock in the Morning of the same Day. for the Sitting Members.

Theophilus Tyrrellaid, That difeourfing with the Mayor, Thomas Jones, a Voter for the Sitting Members, said, last Assizes, about the Election, he told the Mayor, That Alderman Carringtons Brother paid Six Shillings for his be beard lie had Security given him; and that now the Horse-hire; and gave him half a Guinea for his Charges; Petitioners had petitioned, the Witness supposed he was and, after he had polled, the Alderman gave him Two satisfied in his Security: To which the Mayor answered, Guineas; and told him, Sir John and Mr. Sclater sent He wiQied it was more, or to that Purpose; but did not them: That Carrington like wife paid Ten Shillings to say from whom he had Security; or that he had any. Benjamin Pearce, which the Witness owed him.

That the Petitioners Counsel produced a Rule of the Mr. Shorty said, Thomas Rowland, who voted for the

Court of King’s-Bench in Hilary Term last, for an Infor- Sitting Members, told him, He had Four Guineas and mation, in the Name of a Qua Warranto, against the an Half; Two before the Election from an Agent for Mayor, and Five Aldermen, for claiming a Privilege of the Sitting Members; and Two after, from Sir John admitting Freemen without a Majority of the Mayor and Hynde Cotton himself.

Aldermen present. John Witham said, His Son Charles told him, Mr.

That, on the Head of Bribery, they called the follow- had promised him a new Suit of Cloaths, and had

ing Witnesses; given him a Pair of Breeches; and that he was to have

Wm. Rumbold said, Nicholas Abthorpe told him, He the rest when the Two Sitting Members were seated in intended to vote for Mr. Shepheard; but Dr. Edmonds, the House: He was also promised to be helped to Dr. of St.John's, who has 60 Scholars, threatening him with Bentleys Service:

the Loss of their Custom for Grocery, made him vote Being cross-examined, he said, He drove Four Atder-for the Sitting Members. men out of Town; Mr. Pyke, Ewen, Rumbold, and

Nicholas Culchy, who serves Gravel to St. John's and; upon the 14th of last; and that Mr.

Trinity Colleges, said, he was threatened to lose their Shepheard was with them, at Bourn- Bridge.

Custom, else he would have voted for Mr. Shepheard. J hat it appeared, by a Copy of the Regiller-Book of

James Iverspromifed Mr. Shepheard a single Vote; but St. Sepulchre's Parish, iu Cambridge, that Thomas said, He could not give it; because Sir Pynjent Charnock land was baptized the 3d of February 1695. and Mr. Herveythreatened he should lose their Business if John Hit ham said, John Morgan, who voted for the

he did; and that he voted for the Sitting Members. Sitting Members, has received Collections of Sacrament-Martin Appleyardpromifed Mr. Shephearda Vote; but Money and Bread Three or Four Years past. laid, He voted for the Sitting Members, bepause Mr. Scla- John said, John Wildman promised to give Mr.

ter paid his Apothecary’s Bill. Shepheard a single Vote; but, being afterwards arrested,

Edward Turkey promised Mr. Shepheard-, but said, He he told the Witness, Sir John Hynde Cotton sent him 50 voted for the Sitting Members, because his Landlord Shillings, and paid the Debt; and gave him a Suit of threatened to arrest him for Rent if he voted otherwise. Cloaths; which made him vote for Sir John.

John Sewster said, Nicholas Cutchy declared, He had That the Petitioners Counsel acknowledged they could rather vote for Mr. Shepheard;but, if he did not vote for not make a Majority for Mr.; but submitted, whe-

tlte Sitting Members, he should lose all his College- ther Sir John Hynde Cotton's Election was not vitiated by Places. Briery.

That

i Geo. I.

if M

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That the 36 Freemen admitted 14th of and 1 Qth November

last, when only Five Aldermen were present, with the Mayor, were regularly admitted: That the Common Day Courts are held before the Mayor and Bailiffs, and lb foiled; and that the Aldermen are no essential Part of those Courts: That the most ancient Entries do not shew any Number of Aldermen present; nor does it appear tohat Number they had, till their Charter in 1632 appointed 12 Aldermen: That the Admission of Freemen is an Act of the Common-Council: That here is a Mayor, Four Bailiffs, and 24 of the Common-Council; and that the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses assembled, can admit Freemen, without Six Aldermen present.

They produced the following Instances in the Town-Books; viz.

In Ed. VI. Three Common Days when Freemen were

admitted; and no mention made of any Aldermen being present.

The Stile of those Courts is thus; " A Common Day " held."

id and ad Ph. and Mary,a Common Day held, when a Freeman was admitted: And,

2d and 3d Ph.and Mary, a Summoned Common Day, when Members of Parliament were chose; and Notice is not taken of any Aldermen being present:

l° Eliz. a Summoned Common Day, when Freemen

were admitted, and other Business done, prafentibus tot a communitate.

Nineteen other Instances; viz. Seven tempore Eliz. and Eleven between the Years 1636 and 1649, Summoned Common Days, when Freemen were admitted, and Leases for 2t Years, or greater Terms, granted; a general Common Day held in 1683, when a Freeman was admitted: In all which Instances, no Notice is taken whether any Aldermen were present.

In the Stile of these Courts, the Mayor is but twice named; the rest are foiled Summoned Common Days, without mentioning either Mayor, or Bailiffs.

Two-and-twenty other Summoned Common Days held; viz.

Seventeen between the said Years. 1636 and 1649; at Three of which Days Freemen were admitted, and Leases for 21 Years granted, wh'eft ohly Five Aldermen are named to be present:

At Four other of the said Days Officers were elected, and other Business done, when the like Number of Five Aldermen are named to be present:

At Five other of the said Days, Freemen were admitted, and Leases for 21 Years granted, when only Four Aldermen are named to be present:

At another of the said Days a Mayor and Aldermen were defied; and, at another, a Treasurer defied; and the like Number of Four Aldermen named to be present:

At Three other of the said Days Freemen were admitted, when only Two Persons are named to be present

5 Mar. 1640, a Summoned Common Day, when Members of Parliament were chose, the greatest Part of the Burgesses of the Town being present; and no Notice is taken, whether any Aldermen w ere then present, or not

4 September 1643, Present, Mayor, Recorder, and Five Aldermen; and the Entry is, That nothing was done this Day for want of a Bailiff, One Bailiff only being present; upon which, the Day was adjourned.

1 & September 1678, a Summoned Common Day bfeld,

when a Freeman was sworn, and only Five Aldermen named to be present.

28 July 1691, a Summoned Common Day, in Mr.

Extent, Mayoralty, wheh Three Freemen were admitted, and other Business done, and only Five Aldermen named to be present: This is the Court where the Petitioners Counsel taken Notice of a Rasure among the Aldermens Names.

Vox.. 18*

*45

10 December 1695, a Summoned Common Day, w hen

a Freeman was admitted, and but Five Aldermen named to be present.

The Stile of these last mentioned 22 Common Days, heldfmce 1636, are thus; viz.

Five are foiled; Summoned Common Days, held coram majore et balivis; the rest, Summoned Common Days, such a one Mayor.

That the Sitting Members Counsel produced the old Book of Orders, established 16 March 1626; One of which is, that no Mayor shall, at any time hereafter, propound any thing to the House, unless he do first acquaint the Aldermen then present with his Purpose; and that the most Part of the Aldermen present do give theit Assent to the same:

This, they said; was the First time any Aldermen became necessary; but the Number is not named.

And they produced the new Book of Orders and Constitutions, established 20th April 1686; by which all Or*? ders contained in the former Book of Orders are made void, and new Orders established: One of which new Orders is, That the Mayor shall not propound any thing at a private Common Day, unless Five Aldermen be there then present, and all consenting: And

Another, That, from thenceforth, no Lease should be granted for longer than 21 Years, without the Consent of Six Aldermen, present at One of the General Common Days; under a Penalty upon the Mayor.

That the Sitting Members Counsel inferred from these Constitutions in 1686, That no certain Number of Aldermen were necessary before that time.

As to Notice of the Two Courts held in October and November last; they called,

Richard Excin, John JVish, and William Gunbay, Serjeants at Mace: Who said, They furamoned the Common Days of 14th October and 10th November last by Order of the Mayor: That the same Notice was given 01 those Courts as had been of all Courts in their Time; which was about Seven Years; and that they never knew Notice given but on the same Day the Courts w ere held; or any Court objected to for want of a legal Summons.

John Wardall said, He had been of the Common-

Council 27 Years, of the Corporation 40 Years, and had known the Town 79 Years: That, in all his time, the Common Days were summoned on the same Day they were held; he never knew any other Summons; or ever heard any body object to a Court so summoned for want of due Notice: And said. He did not know he had in his Life miffed uptimes attending the Courts.

That, to prove a wilful Absence of the Aldermen who were not at these Courts, the Sitting Members Counsel called,

Francis Peircy t Who said, He was Deputy-Mayor in OSobcrlaft; and that, Two Days before the Common

Day Court was held, Mr Pykebid him take care what he

did at that Court; for none of them would attend; and that the Witness should answer for it above.

Thomas Wilkes said. The Night before the ComtnoA Day was held in October last, Alderman told

him, He supposed there Would be a Common Day held the next Day; and said. That Seven Aldermen would go out of Town, and not appear there; viz. Mr. , Rumbold, Frowhock, LancasterPyke, Foxcle, and himself: And, some Days afterwards, he told the Witness, He met those Gentlemen at Bourn- Bridge.

John Grumbold said. That, after the Court-Day in October, Alderman Norland told him, He went out of Town with the rest of the Aldermen: He said. There was a Design to keep a Court; but they had tricked them; and they went out of Town on Purpose to prevent that Court:

That, about Three or Four Years ago, Mr. Pyke, being then Mayor, granted a Warrant to the Witness, who was Churchwarden, for levying a Church-rate, which hud been refused to be paid; and afterwards, on a Tryal before the Lord Chief Baron , touching the Validity

P of

Cambrdg*

Ekcii.il.

14<S

27* — 30°

J. 1715

Cambridge of that Warrant, Mr. Pyke denied his Hand to ital-Election. though his Hand was proved by the Witness, who fawr him write the Warrant, and sign it, and by several other Witnesses, upon Oath; for which the Judge reprimanded and told him, He would have made an Example of him, if it had not been in that Place where he had been Mayor.

That it appeared by the Town Book, That of the 36 admitted 14th of October and 1 oth «f November last, 19 had a Right to Freedom, Nine purchased, and the rest were admitted gratis.

Thomas Rowland, said, That his Son Thomas, who was objected to by the Petitioners Counsel as a Minor, is 22 Years of Age; and was Three Years old when he was christened.

That, on the Head of Bribery, to affeCfc Mr. Shepheard, and 12 of his Voters; the Petitioners Counsel called, John Flanders: Who said, He voted for Mr. heard: That John Witham gave him Ten Shillings atone time, and Twenty Shillings at another, to take up his Freedom; and that he had 26 Shillings more of Mr. Shcpheard; and that, if no Money had been given him, he should not have changed his Word:

Being cross-examined, he said, That, after he had promised Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Franks, Mr. Agent,

threatened to arrest him for a Debt; and offered him a Bill for 40 Shillings to alter his Mind.

Lazarus Mums said, Mr. Shepheard sent for him, and gave him 20 Shillings to take up his Freedom; and told him, He should vote, and he would justify his Title; but the Witness did not vote, because they would not admit him to Freedom, though he had a Right:

That, the Day after the Election, RobcrtParker shewed him Three G uineas, which, he said, he had for voting for Mr. Shepheard:

That James Munns told him, Mr. Shepheard gave him

40 Shillings after he had voted.

Rebecca Spilman said, That Motleys Wife declared, Mr. Bromley gave her a Ten Pound Bill, for her Hufoand to vote for Sir. Shepheard; and that (he had received the Money: And that Robert and said, Mr. Shepheard gave them 30 Shillings a-piece for their Votes.

Hatton Buck said, Robert Parker told him, He had 20 Shillings of John Sewster, by Order of Mr. Shepheard, to take up his Freedom, and Ten Shillings for his Charges; and that, after he had voted, Mr. gave him Three Guineas, by Order of Mr.

That Joseph Cook told him, He had a Guinea when he ' was made free, Two Guineas afterwards for his Charges; and that, when he came to vote, Mr. Shepheard gave him Two Guineas more, and paid a Reckoning of Sixteen Shillings.

Richard Lin fey said, one Tabor, a Friend of Mr. Shepheard, offered him Four Guineas; and said, He would give him Nine Pounds to vote for Mr. Shepheard: He voted for the Sitting Members.

John Wish said, He solicited his Brother-in -law, Charles Stone, to vote for the Sitting Members; but he answered, That Mr. Shepheard had engaged him, and given him Two Guineas to take up his Freedom, and Two more for his Vote.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, may hold a Summoned Common Day Court, and admit Freemen, without Six Aldermen of the said Town being then present.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Hynde Cotton Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Sclater Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

20

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, may hold a Summoned Day Oourt, and admit Freemen, without Six Aldermen of the said Town being then present;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. [. ] 126.

Tellers for * .

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Hynde Cotton Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That Thomas Sclater Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

1129.

Bond

rp 1 1 r , 1 *.t f Lord 11 771. PotVlCt,

Tollers for the Noes, { Mr:

121.

133-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Th&t Samuel Shcpheai'd)umor, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas SSir A,) fi

1 ellers for the 1 eas, j Mf:

it- it r,1 v f Mr. Wind for.

Tellers for the N oes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House on Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the d own of Cambridge, by rating out the Name of Thomas Sclater Esquire, and inserting the Name of Samuel Shepheard, junior, Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

} 93-

# LutieCy 30° dieMaii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

f\RDFRED, That the ingrossed Bill to continue the Quaker* Act of the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King Affirmation. William, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Qt/r//.c?’ishall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the relief of poor infol vent Debtors, was read Inlblveot the First time. Debtors.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Sevennight.

Mr. Farrcr, according to Order, reported, from the Way» Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred *n<* Aleaus. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

Paterfor/s Claims on kquivalcut*

Coinage of Halfpence and Farthings*

Ships outward bounds

Weaver

Navigation.

Cambridge

Return

amended*

Brnmber

Election-

l Geo. I. 300 — 310

147

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties laid by an Act, of the nth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon flops, be continued from the First Day of to Michaelmas next.

The said llcsolution being read a Second time j

Resolved, That the Iioule doth agree with the Committee in the said Reiblution, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties laid by arl Act, of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, be continued froth the First Day of June to Michaelmas next.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715, was committed, to offer a Clause, to continue the Act for laying the said Duties upon Hops, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill for relieving William Paterjon Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolve That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

lhfolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of what Proposals have been made in relation to the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Lid Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Burgoyn, Deputy Register-General of the Customs, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purluatit to their Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of all Ships that have passed into any Parts beyond the Seas, from arty Ports of England, from Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1714; distinguishing the Number of Ships departed each Year, respectively.

And then withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of all Ships that have passed into any Parts beyond the Seas, from any Ports of England, from Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1714; distinguishing the Number of Ships departed each Year, respectively.

Ships.

In the Year 1710 In the Year 1711 In the Year 1712 In the Year 1713 In the Year 1714

- 3,550

- 3,759

- 4,267

- 5,807

- 6,614

Total - - 23,997

John Burgoi/ne, Deputy -.

Register-General.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Booth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frod-sham Bridge to Northxtych, in the County of Chester: And the same was received.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Town of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Vol. 18.

Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be re-cci»ed upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, for continuing the Duty upon Hops:

And the same was twice read, with Blauks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Aubrey, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, /Westminster: And that he he desired to print the same: And that Mr. Cholmly and Sir Richard Steele do acquaint him therewith.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tire Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker lcit the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That the} hul come to icveral Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committed to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mart isy310 die Maii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A BIL L for making the River Weaver navigable from jTjL Frodfham Bridge to Nin the County of Chester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, as well on the behalf of them-fel/cs, and very many Thousands poor distressed Debtors in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting ford), That the Petitioners did most humbly represent their fid deplorable Conditions, and long Confinement in Gaols, to the last Parliament, with such good Effect, that this honourable House

ordered.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Dr. Aubrey thanked.*

Supply*

Committees.

Weaver

Navigation.

Debtors Petition*

Hops

Imported.

of Absence.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply.

148

51° Mail.

J. 1715.

ordered a Bill to be brought in, and patted it, for the Relief of the Petitioners; which was sent up to the House of Peers, read there a First time, and ordered a Second Reading; but, by the sudden and unexpected Prorogation of that Parliament, the Bill was dropped, and loft; to the great Disappofkitment of all the poor Petitioners: That the Petitioners, with Hearts tilled with Gratitude, and a true Sense of the charitable and good Intentions of the honourable House in the last Sessions of her late Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief, are thereby encouraged to present themselves again to thi9 honourable House for, what is moil desired, and dear to all the World, their Liberty, upon the same just and equitable Considerations as in the former Bill; they being willing and ready to make the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of at present, by surrendering their All to their Creditors; and upon the severest Penalties; and, further, also, after a reasonable time, to subject their future Acquisitions and Fortunes to the Payment of the Remainder of their Debts: And that many of the poor Petitioners have been long confined to Prisons; feme Five Years, feme Ten Years, and some 15 Years and more, in Gaols: And praying, That your Honours will be pleased to take the distressed and deplorable Condition of fb many Thousand poor Prisoners into your Consideration; to the end that a Bill may be ordered to be brought into this honourable House, for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Hops that have been imported, since the Duty laid thereupon, by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign; and what hath been the net Produce of the respective Duties laid upon Hops by the said Act; distinguishing the Produce of the said Duty in the several Years, ref|>ectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty moil honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That Henry Trenchard Esquire, have Leave to go into the County for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to insped the Laws expired, and near expiring; and to report which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. F Mr. Thompson, Mr. Heysham, Lord Wm. Pme let, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Booth, Mr. Drake, Mr. Carter,. Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Treby, Sir John Ward, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr.

ford. Sir Thomas Clark, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Romney,

Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of tire whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Military Officers, and Chaplains who have served in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; which, with what they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance, is to complete their Half-Pay for the Year

1715.

t Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Five Hundred Twenty five Pounds One Shilling and Eight

Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of Seven. Battalions, consisting of the Royal Regiment of Foot, and the Regiments of Webb, Forfar, Hill, Orrery, and Sutton, brought lately from Flanders, from the Twenty-ninth of September 1714* to which time they were provided for by Parliament, until the 25th of March 1715, at winch time they were transferred to the Establishment of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Four hundred Sixty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the Three Battalions of Harrison, North and Grey, and Sterne, now

in Flanders, from the Twenty-ninth of September 1714 to the Twenty-fifth of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand One hundred Eighty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Officers Servants of the Regiments in Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of June 1713 to the 24th of December 1714, being One Year and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Bounty-money to disbanded Men of several Regiments, which were reduced, in order to be transferred to the Establishment of

Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Tw enty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Support of the Royal Hose pital at Chelsea, and ray of the Out-Pensioners, for the Year 1715, over and above the several Poundages, and Days Pay, applicable thereunto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Three hundred Twenty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Clafjis Lottery, in the Year 1711, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Classis Lottery in the Year 1712, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1714.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir David Dalrymple reported from the Committee, to Yule Va-whom the Bill for shortening the Time of the Yule Va- ^ance ia canoe, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was Sco"an^* committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Newcaftl* Elefition for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the L*n* County of Stafford: e lon*

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And a Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, was read:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined a Witness, touching One of the Petitioners Witnesses being seduced away by the Mayor; and also Witnesses, for the adding several Persons to the Petitioners Poll, which had been refused by the Mayor; and to disqualify several of the Votes for the Sitting-Members; and also, touching Bribery,

Threats, and other undue Practices.

And

Minehead

Election.

Elections — Returns of 'NVrits of Summons, &c.

Endowing poor Rectories, See.

Leave of Absence,

Goebell's

NaU

Regulating the Land Forces,

i.Geo. I.

31 ° Maii. — i0 Junii.

149

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of under Line be

adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of , be

heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Twenty-third Day of June next.

0

Ordered \That the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other lteturning-Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, i° yuttii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

SIR Arthur Kay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Inclosures of some Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Edward Norris Esquire have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Florian Goebell Merchant, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Florian Goebell Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read.

The said Amendments were read accordingly; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 5. After "Troops," insert "not exceeding " Eight thousand and Fifty Men, over and above the " Twelve Companies of Invalids, consisting of Six hundred and Ninety-six Men; and Three Independent " Companies in North Britain, consisting of One hundred and Forty-seven Men; and alfoa Number of " Men, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty, for the " Garrisons of Edinburgh, Dunbarton, Blackncfs and " Stirling, Castles."

L. 9. After " Seas," insert * belonging to " the Crown of Great Britain-, and also, the Three " Regiments at present in Flanders, consisting of 1,895 " Men."

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. 18.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 90-

Tellers for the Noes, 0 } 248' So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be read a Second time.

The said Amendments were severally read accordingly; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Westbory Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election. appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Refolt^ions

of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report, and Refelutions, were read; and arc as foHow-, viz.

Upon the Petition of George Evans, now Lord Carbery of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Charles Allanfon Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable Willoughby Bertie and Francis Annesley, Esquires, for the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts:

That it was agreed, That Westbu is a Borough by Prescription; and that only Burgage-Tenants have a Right to vote.

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, They must be such Tenants only as hold in Fee for Life, or 99 Years determinable on Lives, or by Copy of Court-Roll, and pay an annual Rent of Four Pence, or Two Pence, to the Ix>rd; from which Rent they are called whole or half Burgages.

The Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That Tenants for Terms ablblnte, and Quarter-Burgages; viz. such a? pay a Peny Rent to the Lord; have also a Right to vote.

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

Zach. Bayly: Who said, He had known the Town 16 Years: Thatthofe who have an Estate of Inheritance, or for One, Two, or Three Lives, or 99 Years, determinable on Lives, or such a long Term as ordinarily extends to a Man’s Life, and who pay a whole or half Burgage-Rent, have a Right to vote: That he had known Two controverted Elections, when the Quarter-Burgages were refilled: That they were always refilled in his time: and he had heard, They were always refused before; but he could not say, whether the Quarter-Burgages had a Right, or not:

That the Leases for Terms were always for 99 Years determinable on Lives; and that he never heard of any Lease in the Borough for 99 Years absolute, or for any absolute Term, till, of late, the Leases have been short-ened, to make Votes.

Thomas Hayward said, He had known the Borough 25 Years, and had been at Five or Six Elections within these Ten Years; that the Quarter-Burgages were then allowed to vote, if they pleased Mr. Gibbs, and not else; but it was always looked upon, that they had no Right; and that only whole and half Burgages had a Right of Voting.

That the Petitioners Counsel produced the Town Book, wherein there is a Declaration entered, under the Hands and Seals of the Mayor and Burgesses, assembled at a General Council, held the 5th of January 1685,

That, by a Custom there, Time out of mind, the Right of Voting for this Borough is in Persons having, in any Messuage, or Messuages, within the Borough, out of which a yearly Rent of One, Two, or Four, Pence, or more, called Burgage-money, is issuing, any Estate in Fee, Fee-Tail, or for One, Two, or more Lives, or for any Number of Years determinable on One, Two, or more, Lives, or for any long Term of Years; and in no others.

Q q It

jco i* Junit. . 1715.

Westbory It appears by the Book, That, in that Part of this De-Ele&iou. deration, which specifies the Rent, the Words " One, " To, or," are wrote upon a Rasure; and the Spelling differs from the rest of the Entry.

Mr. James Edgill said, That he was Steward of the Borough w'hen this Declaration was made: That it is all his Hand-writing, except the Alteration where the Rasure is; which is done since the making the Declaration;

That they keep the Books of Entries of the Burgage-Tenures; and that he has searched those Books down from the Time of Philip and and finds no mention of any Quarter-Burgage till the Year 1671:

That the Right of voting is in such as have a Freehold, or an Estate for Life, or a Term of 99 Years, or ,80 Years, or such a Term as ordinarily extends to a Man’s Life, determinable on Life, or Lives, out of which a Burgage Rent issues of Four Pence, or Two Pence, yearly:

That the Peny-Burgages have been objected to; but he never knew them rejected in his time; which is from 1684; nor did he know of any Leaies for Years absolute in the Borough:

Being cross-examined, he owned, That he polled the Peny-Burgages when he was Mayor; but first allied them, Who they would be for; and said, He did not remember, that he gave any Evidence for Terms of Years absolute, when he was a Witness in the controverted Election in 1702.

That, to prove that Quarter-Burgages, and Lease-holders for Years absolute, have a Right to vote, the Sitting-Members Counsel called,

Samuel Gibbs: Who said, He had known the Borough Sixty-four Years: That he was taken into Custody for refusing the Quarter-Burgages in his Mayoralty, about 37 or 38 Years ago; and ever since that time those Burgages have voted: That Tenants for Years also voted in that Election; but he could not say what Terms they held under.

Bayamin Bourn said, He has lived at Westbury Sixty Years; and that all Persons living within the Borough, whether Whole, Half, or Quarter, Burgages, or Tenants for Years, or Copyholders for Life, had voted in all his time; and that, 30 Years ago, William who was

reported to have only a Lease for 21 Years absolute, w as allowed to vote in a controverted Election.

That the Sitting-Members Counsel produced the Journals of the House of Commons, in the following controverted Elections; viz*

lft December 1702. When the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Owners of Burgage Houses; no Dif-tin&ion was then taken of Quarter-Burgages: The Objection was only to Leaseholders for Years absolute: And James Edgill and others gave Evidence, That Tenants for Years absolute were always reputed to have a Right; and gave an Instance of one Browne voting under aLeafo for 99 Years absolute: And the House then adjudged, That Leaseholders for Years absolute had a Right to vote.

26* November 1680. Samuel Gibbs, the Mayor, was sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer, at the Bar of the House, for great Misdemeanors by him committed in that Election and Return.

William Cockle and Benjamin Bourne were called: And confronting each other, touching Cockle's voting;

Cockle said, That both he and his Father always voted for a Copyhold; and that neither of them ever voted for a Lease of Years:

Bourne said, That neither of the Cockles ever had a Copyhold; but they had a Leasehold, and always voted for that:

Cockle, in Reply, said, His Father had a Copyhold 50 Years, for which he voted; and that he had been dead 30 Years.

That the Committee came to the following Rdolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, is in every Tenant of any Burgage-Tenement, in Fee for Life, or Ninety-nine Years determinable on Lives, or by Copy of Court-Roll, paying a Burgage-Rent of Four Pence, or Two Pence, yearly; being resident within the Borough, and not receiving Alms.

That the Poll was;

For Mr. Bertie, 29: For Lord Carbery, 19: Mr. Armejley, 28: Mr. , 18:

That the Petitioners Counsel objefited to 16 of the Sitting-Members Voters, as having no Right; and alleged, They should add 12 to the Petitioners Poll, who had a Right, and were refused.

To take off the 16 objected to, they called the following Witnesses;

Wm. Cockle and Thomas Phipps: By whose Evidence it appeared, That James Clift, the Voter, had confessed, His Father had only a Chattel-Lease, and that Mr. Poul-grain, the Earl of Abingdon's Steward, had told him, He could not renew till the Election was over; because it would be Bribery if Ik did: That his Father died intestate, and left a Widow, who is in Possession:

And the Petitioners Counsel objected, That there was no Administration taken out to the Father:

The other Side produced a Lease to the Father for 99 Years determinable on Three Lives; artd Letters of Administration granted to ihe Voter.

It appeared by the Evidence of Wm. Cockle, Richard Connop, and John Sly, That Thomas Gray voted for a

House granted in a Lease to John Watts, deceased; who left a Wife and a Daughter: That Gray was in Possession; but they did not know by what Title:

To this it was answered, The Possession was an Evidence of a good Title, unless a better appeared.

John Withers, Wm. Sweetland, said, That John Barker

voted for a House which his Mother and he live in; and that Barker confessed, His Father bad mortgaged the Lease;

The other Side produced a Lease to Barkers Father, determinable on Three Lives; and Letters of Admini-'stration to the Father granted to the Voter.

Thomas Brown, John Sly, and Zach. Bayly, laid. That Patrick Mackay voted for a Copyhold 'Tenement, formerly Wm. Cockle's; and that John Sly was in Possession at the time of the Election, as Tenant to Samuel Gibbs; who paid the Poor-Rate for it as his own House:

On the other Side it appeared. That Susan Cockle, who has been dead 18 Years, was admitted to this House in 1681: That Samuel Gibbs purchased it of William Cockle in January 171-f; and that, in December last, Patrick Mackay was admitted thereto, as a Purchaser from Samuel Gibbs: And Mackays Payment of his Purchase-money was proved:

But the Petitioners Counsel objected to the Title, for want of a Surrender to Gibbs.

Roger Kelloway said, That the Tenement for which William Amills and Samuel Bigood voted, was never but One Half-Burgage, till, about Ten Years ago, it was divided into Two Tenements* before which Division it never had but One Vote:

On the other Side,

George Amills said. This was always Two Half-Bur-' gages; and that, for above 40 Years, he had known Two Voters allowed for it.

John Kelloway said, His Father told him. That James Kelloway shewed him Four Guineas, which, he laid, Mr. Poulgrain, the Lord Abingdon's Servant, gave him to vote for the Sitting-Members; and laid. They would not let him have his Lease till the Election-day:

To which it was answered, That this Evidence was' only Hearlky.

Wm. Szoeetland and William Jorden laid, That Michael Goddard voted for the House which his Mother is in Possession of; and in which Ihe has her Widow’s Estate; and that Michael Goddard has confessed, He had no Interest in the House:

Wm.

i Geo. I. i Junii. 151

Wm. Amylls, on the other Side, said, That Michael

Goddard has been in Pofiession near 40 Years; and has voted before for this Tenement, winch is Copyhold; and that his Mother also lives in it:

IFm. Jorden said, That Jonas Dier has, for some Years, lived in the House he voted for; but it was generally reported that he never had any Lease of it:

To which it was answered, That. tins w as only Hearsay-

Joan Carpenfer said. That William Sym voted for his Mother’s House, in which they both lived together: That ihe heard Syms say. His Mother would not let him vote, unlefe my Lord Abingdon added Two Lives to the Lease; and that he bad no Tide till since the Election:

The other Side produced a Tide to William Syms, by Alignment from the Mother, executed in December lad.

Wm. Cockle laid, That Michael Bayly voted for a Quarter-Burgage; and that his Vote had been always denied:

This Vote was not indited on.

Thomas Browne and John Hayward said, They did not know, that the House for which Philip Bendall voted had any Vote:

But Hayward owned, The former Possessors had voted j and that it had been voted for at Three former Elections: Upon which Evidence the other Side rested his Title.

Wm.Cockle said. That the House for which Samuel Watts senior, voted is a Quarter-Burgage: And,

Walter Smith said, That Cthe former Owner, had sometimes voted; and was sometimes refused, when they did not want Quarter-Burgages; Mr. Gibbs refused him, telling him, There was no Occasion for him: That has had it Ten Years; and his Vote was always accepted, because it was in the Earl of Abingdon's Interest: Upon this Evidence of Voting, the other Side relied his Title.

Wm Jordan laid, He had heard Samuel junior, confcls. His, House was mortgaged by Hancock, the former Owner, to George Turner; but the Wit net's said, Turner never was in Pofiession: That Watts had not Pofiession 12 Months; and this was the First time he voted: The other Side produced a Lease from the Ear| of Abingdon to George Turnerdated 5th December 1711; and Turner's Assignment to Watts thereof, dated 24th June 1714, for 25/. Consideradon-money.

Wm. Cockle said, he very well knew James Manfell; and knew, that he had no Burgage-House, and nothing to vote for.

Wm. Jordan said, That Roger Perkin has lived some Years in the Town; but never voted before; and that he had nothing to vote for:

On the other Side, it was insisted. This Evidence was not sufficient to take off the Votes oi Manfel and Perkin.

It was proved, That the 16 Persons before named, were objected to at the time of the Elefiion.

To add 12 to the Petitioners Poll, who were proved to have offered their Votes for the Petitioners, but were refused;

Mr. Edgill said, That the Wife of JohnlVhitaker, the

Voter, was Daughter of Edward who was a

Copyholder for Three Lives:

And produced the Admission of Pashionand said, He thought Whitaker lived at Bratton; but could not tell whether he lived at Westbury, or not:

Wm. Cockle laid, ThstWhitaker had aBurgoge-House; and that he lived within the Borough before the Teste of the Writ, and at the time of the Election; but his Family was at Bratton, which is in the Parish of W< but Two Miles from the Borough:

Benjam. Bourne and John Coe, on the other Side, said, That Whitaker and his Family have lived at Bratton these 2o Years: That he comes to Market every Week; but never was resident, nor kept House nor Servant within the Borough j and, though he has a Copyhold there in Right of his Wife, they never knew him vote before.

A Lease was produced from John Withers to Philip Withers, who voted, dated October 17x4: And,

Vol. 18.

John Phips and Thomas Phips, the Witnesses to the WestWy

Execution of this I-ease, being examined, said, They saw Elefiion. the Lease sealed, and delivered, by John Withers, for the Use of his Brother Philip:

Befog crols-examined, they said, They few no Money paid: But John declared. He was satisfied with the Consideration: It was executed at Mr. Cockle's House:

John Phips said, It was executed on the Day of the Date, or the Day after: And,

Thomas Phips laid, It was executed in December last, about Christmas;

They laid, That Philip was not then present: That John Withers, after he had sealed it, took it into his Custody, for his Brother Philip's Use: That Philip is in Pofiession, and his Mother lives with him; and they did not believe it to be a fraudulent Deed:

To this, on the Sitting Members Side,

Samuel Sweetland said, That, Three Weeks after the Election, Philip Withers told him, That his Grandfather, who died intestate, had promised to make a Lease to his Mother, for the Lives of her, him, and his Sifter; and had given a verbal Direction to his Brother John to grant such a Lease; but be would not seal any: And,

John Barker laid, That he was in Company with Philip

Withers upon the 20th of March last, when Philip owned.

He had no Right or Title from his Brother

A Conveyance to Walter Smith was produced; but not proved:

Rogei' Tucker said, That Smith has voted Eightor Ten Years for a Half-Burgage, which his Father voted for before:

On the Sitting-Members Side,

Samuel Sweetland said, Smith lives a Mile and a Half out of the Borough.

As to William Cockle, who also voted for the Petitioners:

An Assignment of a Half-Burgage was produced, from Grace Cockle to Henry Mur ford, dated 6 May 1702; and a subsequent Assignment from Murfor to William Cockle, the Voter, dated 29 December 1714: The Consideratiort mentioned in each Assignment is 1 ol.: But,

Grace, being, called, denied her Hand; and said, The Deed went for nothing: That Ihe never assigned, or parted with, the House to Murford, nor ever received any thing for it; and that Ihe has always had the Pofiession, and received the Profits.

A Lease from the Earl of Abingdon to Adam Watts was produced, dated 1 May 1683; and an Assignment thereof, dated lit January 1714, from Anne Watts, as Executrix of her Mother Margaret Watts, to William Hilman, the Voter: And the Witness to it said, That Assignment was executed above a Week before the Election:

It appeared by Certificate from the Register of Sarum,

That Letter of Administration to Margaret Watts had not issued:

Zach. Bayly said, He knew Ann Wattswss in Pofiession at Christmas last; and knew Ihe had sold to Hilman:

On the other Side, it was objected, That it did not appear Margaret Watts had any Title: And,

James Kemp, being called, said, That, about Three Days after the Election, Ann Watts had offered to lett this Estate

As to John Sly, who offered to vote for the Petitioners;

A Lease was produced from the Earl of Abingdon to Francis Amiot, ia 1700; and an Assignment by Elisabeth Amiot, as Widow and Administratrix ot Francis to Th&* mas Usher in 1706; and a subsequent Assignment froni Elizabeth Usher, as Widow and Administratrix of Thomas Usher, to John Sly, executed in December last: And,

It was proved, That Sly is in Pofiession, and pays the Rates:

To which it was objected, That Possession, without a Title, was not sufficient; and that no Administration was produced, either to Francis or EUz. Amiot, or Elizabeth

Westbury

Election,

1K2 i° Junii. 15.

Mr. Cockle, in Answer to this, laid. He had, since the Election, demanded the Letters of Administration to the Arniots, of Mr. Theophilus Dyer, the Register of Sanim,

and offered him his Fees; but that Dyer refused to issue such Administration; and said, None should go till this Dispute was over.

An Assignment from Thomas Norton, and his Wife, to Thomas Wright, who voted, was produced, and proved to be executed at Mr. Cockle’s House, in October last, for 100l. Consideration; of which, the Witness laid, Wright paid down 30/. and gave a Note of his Hand for the rest; That Wright carried away the Deed; and was in Possession at the time of the Election:

William Turner was called on the other Side; and said. That, in the latter End of December last, Wright declared to him, That he had no Title to vote.

Wm. Cockle said, That his Brother John Cockle, who voted, had been in the Possession of a Burgage 18 Years; and voted for it in the controverted Election between Mr. Trenchard and Mr. Bertie.

The Sitting-Members Counsel offered to produce a Lease to Snfan Cockle, who was admitted to be dead; and it appeared by Certificate, that nobody had yet ndministered to her.

A Lease, dated 15 January 1714, from George and William Taylor to John Season, who voted, was produced, and proved to be executed at Mr. Cockle's House, about a Fortnight before the Election: And,

The Lease appeared to be but for 80 Years, determinable on Two Lives.

Matthias Amiat claimed by a Lease for 99 Years, determinable on the Life of Edmund Patient the Lessor, who was a Copyholder for Life: And,

The other Side infilled, This was not a good Title; for that such a Copyholder could not grant such a Lease: Wm. Turner laid, That Patient is in Gaol; and con-sessed to him, That he had but a Guinea for his Estate.

Thomas Browne said, Thomas A mills, who voted for the Petitioners, has been in Possession of a Burgage-Tenement many Years; and his Vote was taken informer Elections: And,

That Wm. Sweetland, who voted, has lived in a Bur-

gage-house about 40 Years: And both are Tenants to the Earl of Abingdon;

On the other Side, it was objected, That AmiUs' Title was not sufficiently proved: And,

William Sweetland, being examined, laid, That himself lives in London; and has lb done for Seven or Eight Years pall.

On the Head of ill Practices; the Petitioners Counsel observed, upon the Poll, That all the Sitting Members Voters were taken, before any one was polled for the Petitioners: And they called,

John Kelloway: Who said, That Six of the Sitting Members Voters, viz.Samuel Watts senior, Samuel Watts junior, Roger Kelloway, John Barker, Samuel Sweetland, and Roger Perkin, were lent, Six Miles out of Town, to West-Lavington, on the Friday Night before the Election; and were entertained at an Inn there, from that time to Tuesday Morning, when the Election w'as: On Saturday the Witness was there: the Master.of the House told him, They mult not go home till the Morning of the Election; and they said, They would go home time enough to speak the Word; and that they got drunk Three times a Day; The Witness saw them at the Earl of Abingdon’s on Saturday Night and Monday Morning; and, on Tuesday Morning, they came to the Election with his Lordr ship, on Horses provided for them; but they went out of Town on Foot.

Nicholas Humphryssaid, That none of those Six Voters

had any Horses of their own; and that they came to the Poll on Horseback, with the Earl of Abingdon:

Thomas Phipps laid, That James Kelloway told him, Mr. Poulgrain refused to let him have his Lease till after the Election; and threatened to take away his House, if he would not vote for the Sitting Members; before which, 25

Kelloway had told the Witness, He would vote for the Petitioners:

That John Barker, about a Week before the Election, declared, That he would vote for the Petitioners; but Mr. Baxter, who had his Lease in Mortgage, upon which there was about 16/. due, refused to let him have his Lease till after the Election; and told him, He should never have it, if he voted against the Sitting Members.

Wm. Jordan laid, That the Earl of Abingdon made a publick Treat a little before this Election; and that there had been, once in Three Years, distributed among the Voters a considerable Number of Guineas, in Wheat, Woollen, or Linen, under the Denomination of Bertie and Annesley; The First Distribution was about six Years

ago; since which, it had been done twice T>r thrice; and the last time was about a Twelvemonth ago, or not lb much, when the Witness received his Proportion, to the Value of a Guinea, in Wheat:

Being examined to the last Time, in particular; he declared, He could not be positive in that to a Month; nor whether it was before or after the Queen’s Death: But said, It was distributed under the Denomination of Bertie and Annesley, and that none but Voters had it.

Thomas Browne said, That Mr. William Bourne, the Mayor, declared publickly, in a Court held about a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election, That lie would return Mr. Bertie and Mr. Annesley, though the other Can-

dictates should have a Majority: He said, Several other Persons were present; but he did not know their Names.

Thomas Neat said, That, about a Week before the Election, upon the Day the Earl of Abingdon came to Westbury, James Coward, who took the Poll for the Sitting Members, solicited his Father’s Vote; and said, He came from the Earl of Abingdon; and allured his Father, That his Lordship had promised, upon his Honour, That he should have a farther Estate in his House, if he voted for the Sitting Members; and Coward offered Security for it, by a Bond of too/.; but did not say what he was to pay for such further Estate.

Roger Kelloway said, That his Son James Kelloway shewed him Four Guineas, which, he laid, Mr. Poulgrain, the Earl of Abingdon's Steward, on the or

Thursday before ChristmaSi gave him, to vote for whom his Lordship should desire; and that Paulgrave solicited Votes for his Lordship s Friends, the Sitting Members.

That the Sitting Members Counsel objected against Nine of the Petitioners Voters; viz. against John Austin, as being in the same same with Samuel Watts junior, a Voter for the Sitting Members, whose House was in Mortgage:

To which it was answered, That s Title was

good; but his Vote vitiated by Bribery.

Wm.Turner said, That the House for which his Brother John Turner voted was a Lease, to which himself, and his other Brother, had an equal Title with his Brother John: That his Father had been dead 18 Years; and that the House is now in Lease to William Hall, from John Turner:

Being crols-examined, he laid, His Brother John voted without Opposition.

The Sitting Members Counsel produced the Lease to the Father dated 19 November 1692: And,

The Petitioners Counsel produced an Assignment thereof from Wm. Turner the Witness, and Robert Turner, as Two Executors of the Father, unto the other Executor, their Brother, John Turner the Voter: But,

The Sitting Members Counsel objected, for want of producing the Father's Will, or any thing to manifest their Title to assign.

Henry Cocks was objected to, as having no Title under his Father:

A Lease to Robert Cocks the Father was produced, dated November 8th, 1693: And,

Samuel Gibbs said, That Joan, the Widow of Robert Cocks, had been in Possession ever since his Death; and that Henry lives with her, and never voted before;

The

t Geo. I. ib 154

The Petitioners Counsel offered to prbve a Possession hi Henry Cocks; and that he had always voted:

To which it was answered, That would not do, without a Title.

Matthew Neate was objected to, for want of Letters of Administration to the Father:

A Lease to the Father was produced, dated 28 1 670: And,

Benjamin Bourne, being examined on both Sides, said, That Neate the Father had been dead 10 or 12 Years; his Widow is living; he left Three Children, A fat there the Voter, and Two Daughters; and that Matthew the Voter bad been in Posselfiau ever since the Father's Death; but lie never knew him vote before.

linger Pricker was objected to, as having no Tide under his Mother: And,

A Copy of the Father’s Will, dated 15 November 1708, was produced; whereby he deviles the West Eud of his House, and the Use of his Goods there, and Half the Garden, to his Wife Alice, during her Widowhood; and reserve$ to his Executors, his Three Sons, the Malting-Rooms:

To justify this Vote, the Petitioners Counsel produced an Alignment of the House, dated 10 May 1709, from Two of the Three Executors, to Roger the Voter,

who is the other- Executor: And,

It was replied on the Sitting Members Side, That the Mother, who had her Widow s Estate in the House, had not assigned.

George Taylor was objected to, as voting under a Lease to his Father, who died intestate, and no Administration is taken out to him:

No Lease was produced; but it was proved, That the Father died in Possession, and the Voter is his eldest 'Son.

Thomas Norton was objected to, as having no Title:

A Lease to Henry Belton, deceased, dated 30 September 1668, was produced: And,

It was proved, That Samuel Norton, the Voter’s Father, married Beltons Daughter; and that (he is in Pofifession:

To which it was answered by the Petitioners Counsel, That this Lease was expired, and a new one granted to the Voter in 1707:

But such new Lease was not proved.

John Amills w as objected to, as having no Title under Cicely and Mary Jones, to whom a Lease was granted, dated 1 April 1682.

It was answered on the Petitioners Side, That this Lease was expired; and they produced a new Lease, granted to the Voter, dated 26 March 1704:

To which it was replied, That Amills was disqualified by Bribery.

Benjamin Bourne said, That he knows Richard Clacey's House is a Quarter-Burgage:

William Szccctland, on the other Side, laid, He formerly collected the Rents, and then this House was a llalf-Burgage; but he could not say what it is now.

On the Head of Bribery, the Sitting Members Counsel called the following Witnesses; viz.

Samuel Watts junior said, He voted for the Sitting Members; but that Mr. Robert Holton offered him 20 to reedeem a Mortgage upon his House, if he would have voted for the Petitioners.

Samuel Sweet land said, He was present when Mr. Holton offered Watts this 20/.; and that Holton then said, If they could have such Men chose as the Petitioners, they would Tegulate the Saints Days, and Ceremonies of the Church, that they might become one People.

Geo. Amills and Wm. Amills said, They heard John Davis, who is dead, declare. That he would have voted for the Sitting Members; but that he voted, against his Confidence, for the Petitioners, because Mr. Holton and Gibbs proffered him 10/. for it: He complained, that he had it not; and, to the time of his Death, repented this Voting against his Confidence, for Money.

Vol. 18.

James Kemp said, That, when thd Lord Carhery first came down, he asked the Witness, If he w-as any-wdys incumbered; and proffered to relieve bitq, as for as 1 b Guineas would go, if he was.

Sam. Bigood, Sum.Sweet land, and Wm. Amills, said, John Amills confessed to them, That he would have voted for the Sitting Members; but voted for the Petitioners, because John and Thomas Phipps promised him 10 Guineas; which, he has since declared, be is to receive as loon as the Petition is over, whether die Petitioners prevail or not:

Wm. Amills, being crofe-examined, owned, He

laid a Guinea with Zach. Bayly, about the Succels of this Cause.

Antho. Clacey laid, That Rtold him, He was offered forne Money to vote for the Petitioners; but did not say by whom, or what; and that he put his Hand to a Writing, but did not know what it was.

Elis. Austin said, She was present when the Petitioner the Ixtrd Carhery desired her Mother to make a Bargain with any of the Voters for their Votes; and particularly with John Hayward;her Mother bargained with him for

15 Guineas; which his Lordship being afterwards acquainted with, approved, and said, He would pay the Money:

That his Lordship put 10 Guineas into her Hand, to engage her Father's Vote; but flic returned the Money:

That Richard Tracey was guarded about the Town by another Person, to prevent his going over to the Sitting Members.

Wm.Adlam said. That W offered him 10 Guineas to vote for the Petitioners: He voted for the Sitting Members; but was not polled.

Sam. Swectland said. He heard Jorden own, since the Election, That he had deposited 10 Guineas in the Hands of a Third Person to he given to Adams, if he voted lor the Petitioners.

John Hale said. He saw the Petitioner the Lord- Car* bery draw out his Purse, and offer Henry Cocks 20 Guineas for his Vote: He saw no Money produced; but heard it rattle in tire Purse.

Samuel Swcetland said, That Zach. Bayly, who made Interest for the Petitioner, told him, There was Two Gentlemen font down by my Lord Chancellor Cowper^ and now was the time to do his Family Service: He off-, ered the Witness 30 Guineas to vote for the Petitioners; and laid, If that was not enough, he should have 40 or 50; and if the Witness would engage his Brother-in-law Michael Goddard, Bayly promised him 1,000l. Security, that be should have a Place in the Stamp-Office, which Gibbs formerly had; and said. That now it lay in my Lord Chancellor’s Brealt to dispose of that Office as he pleased:

Bayly likewise said to him, That my Lord Chancellor had Pdwer to turn out what Justices of the Peace be thought fit; and that Mr. Long would be put out, and Mr. Rennet put in: That Mr. Long made Interest for the Sitting Members, and Mr. Rennet for the Petitioners: That Mr, Bennet has a Parsonage at West bury, of 3 or 400l. a Year; and that the Witness, and his Brother Goddard, voted for the Sitting Members:

This Witness also said. That Robert Hooper, some time before the Election, told him, and his Brother Goddard, That if they would vote for the Petitioners, they should have 100l. for a Hay-rick; which was,

and was but worth 5/.:

The Witness said, He keeps the Books for the London Waggon; had 5/. a Year Wages; and that his Maftef acquainted him, He had received Commands from Mr. Robert Holton to turn him out of his Service, unless he voted for the Petitioners:

That his Father, Wm. Sweetland, who came down Ten Days before the Election, and lodged at William Cockle's, told the Witness, He was to be there free-cost as long as he staid in Town: That he was sent down by Mr. Here, a Commilitooer of the ViCtuailing-Office; and that his

R r Charges

yjt&barf

EWtiua.

*54

1° Junii.

A. 1715

Westbury

Election.

Charges were borne, and his Wages went on in the mean time; and, since the Election, he has a Watchman’s Place upon Tower Wharf:

That Mr. Read, some time before the Election, invited the Witness, in the Duke of Boltons Name, to a Treat at John Hayward's; and shewed him a Letter, ligned Bolton, desiring him to come to West bury, and, in the Duke’s Name, to make Interest for the Petitioners.

Sam. Gibbs said, That, upon the Monday the Writs bore Date, Mr. Read shewed him a Letter which he received that Morning, and was dated the Saturday before, from the Duke of Bolton, authorizing him to make Interest for the Petitioners: The Substance of the Letter was, That the Dukedefired Read to go to and

give his Service to the Voters; and that his Grace would take their Votes for the Petitioners as a Favour:

The Witness could not say it was the Duke’s Hand; but said, It w as ligned Bolton, in capital Letters: That Read desired of the Witness (being Churchwarden), That the Bells might ring on that Occasion; which he refufingj Read replied, If he would not let them be merry with the Bells, they w ould be merry without them; and that Read invited the Voters to a Treat that Day.

Sam. Bigood said, He heard Thomas Hayward declare. That he got 50/. for his Father’s voting for the Petitioners.

Michael Bayly said, Mr. John Cooper offered to cloath

his Three Children, if he would vote for the Petitioners.

JVm. Sims said, That, 22d January last, Mr. Robert Holton offered him 1 o Guineas to vote for the Petitioners, or if he would not vote, offered him the same Sum, and a Horse to carry him out of Town.

John Adlam laid. The Lord Carbery offered any Money for his Vote; that he did not vote: And that he had been threatened by William Jorden upon Account of his giving Evidence.

Sam. Sxveetland said, That George Taylor, One of the

Petitioners Voters, said to him in the Market-Place, finee the Election, That it was a damned, toadish, whiggilh, low, Parliament; and that he was sure the Petitioners would be brought in, had they had but Ten Votes: And that JVm. Jorden had threatened him if he gave Evidence.

duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Annesley Esquire, is not duly eleCied a Bur-

gels to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Westbury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right honourable George Lord Carbery, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elcCfced a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Westbury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles AUanfon Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Westbury.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of bury, in the County of Wilts is in every Tenant of any Burgage-Tenement in Fee for Life, or Ninety-nine Years determinable on Lives, or by Copy of Court-roll, paying a Burgage-rent of Four Pence or Two Pence yearly, being resident within the Borough, and not receiving Alms.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the honourable Willoughby Bertie Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of JVilts;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, R!r'

I Mr. Bristow:

Tellers for the Noes \ Mr>

ieiiera tortne J\oes,jMr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Francis Annejley Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

1

178.

107.

JVm. Kemp said, RogerFricker threatened him, That he liament for the said Borough of Westbury.

should be thrown into Newgate if he came up on the Sitting Members Side.

Samuel Sweet land said, That Thomas Brown, a Witness for the Petitioner, is a lazy, troublesome Fellow: That, in 1710, he Hole a Hood from his Lodgings, which he afterwards returned with Shame; and that he enticed a Woman from her Husband, and kept her all Night.

To invalidate the Credit of Sam. Sxveetland, a Witness for the Sitting Members, the Petitioners Counsel, on their Reply, called,

Walter Smith: Who said. That, some time before the Ele£lion, when the Petitioners first came down, Sweet-land told him, That, if the Petitioners would give him 50/. he would tote for them himself, and bring Two others; and would discover all the Roguery in the Borough:

That Sweetland is a Bailiff, and has as ill a Character in the Corporation as any-body:

This Witness, being crols-examined, owned, himself was, Two Years ago, a Week in Salisbury Goal; but said, It was for no Harm:

Hugh JVhatley said, That Samuel Sweetland is a Bailiff,

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right honourable George Lord Carbery of the Kingdom of Ireland is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of JVistbury;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yea,

Tellers for the Noes, {

} 105.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Charles AUanfon Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Westbury.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of JVilts, by

a scandalous Fellow, of very ill Reputation, and a great rafing out the Names of the honourable Ber-

Lyer. tie Esquire, and Francis Annejley Esquire, and inserting

All the Leases, produced on either Side, appeared to the Names of the Right honourable George Lord Carbe/y be such, as give a Qualification to vote within the Re- of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Charles AUanfon Esquire. solution of the Committee; except those to John Sea/on

and Matthias Amiat, who the Petitioners would add to their Poll.

And that, upon the whole Mutter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the honourable Willoughby Bertie Esquire, is not

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report Iro n the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sujj'cx, be now received; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller*

Bramber

Ele-iioo.

r Geo. I.

Teller, for, he Yea,

Tellers for «,e Noee,

So it was refolded in the Affirmative.

} >65.

j 80.

Mr. Hampden accordingly, according to Order, reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the said Election, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Edward Minjhull Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Thomas Styles Baronet, for the Borough of; in the County of Sussex:

That it was agreed, That Bramber is a Borough by ^Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in the Persons inhabiting in ancient Houses, or in Houses built on ancient Foundations, paying Scotland Lot.

That the Poll was;

For Sir Tho. Styles - - - - 17.

- Mr Minjhull- - - 13.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to Seven of the Sitting Member’s Voters; and alleged, they should add Four to the Petitioner’s Poll.

llichard Parsons, Philip Caplin, and Thomas Potter, &\<\, John Sezvard Esquire, came down about an Hour or Two before the Election; and went away immediately after it: That he voted for an empty House belonging to the Lord Windsor \and never was an Inhabitant at

Bramber.

On the Sitting Members Side,

It appeared by the Rates, That Mr. Servard paid to Church and Poor for a House:

And Thomas Waller said, Mr. Seward has had a Bur-gage-house feme Years, for which he has voted before; and the Widow Symonds lives in it, but a# his Servant only: That Mr. Seward came down about a Week before the Election: and eat at the Witness’s House; but he could not lay where he lay.

That it appeared by the Evidence of Thomas Bolter, Pickard Parsons, and Philip Caplin, That Mr. John Thompson is the Lord Windsor s Steward;

he now voted for a House where the Widow Symonds lives: In former Elections, he voted sometimes for one House, and sometimes for another: He never came down but against an Election; and never was an Inhabitant:

That, on the Sitting Member's Side, it appeared by the Rates, That Mr Thompfonis rated; and it was proved,

he paid to Church and Poor for a House: And

Thomas Waller laid, That Mr. Thompson has voted for a House in the Borough at Two or Three Elections: It goes in his Name; but the Witness could not say whether he lay in it or not.

Philip Caplin and Thomas Potter said, That Stephen Ruffellwas no Inhabitant: He voted for an empty House; and that he came about an Hour or Two before the Election; and went away in a little time after it.

On the Sitting Member’s Side,

Thomas Waller laid. That has a House

in the Town, for which be pays Scotland Lot; and that he has voted before for the same House:

Being cross-examined, he laid, Mr. Russell came some Days before the Election; and had lived in the House more than Two Hours at a time: The Witness had seen him there; but could not say the Day w hen; and that a Widow keeps the House for him, only as his Servant.

Thomas Potter said, That Richard Chipper is no Inhabitant; has no House in the Borough; is a yearly Servant to a Farmer who lives Six Miles off; and voted for the Widow Norris's House:

Being cross-examined, the Witness said. Chipper voted once or twice before; and was then a yearly Servant to one w ho lived within the Parish, but out of the Borough: Vot. 18.

Junii. 155

Thomas Waller, on the Sitting Member's Side, said, That Chipper had voted in former Elections; and that he lived with the Farmer but sometimes, when he pleased; and was not a yearly Servant to him: t That Chipper has been Four or Five Years an Inhabitant in the Parish; pays Scotland Lot; has a House within the Borough, for which he voted; and lived in that House at the time of the Election:

Being crols-examined, the Witness said, He had known Chipper live in the Borough Half a Year together: That the Widow Norris now lives in the House, and keeps it for him.

Thomas Potter and Edward Bud laid, That John Griffith was no Inhabitant: He lived a Mile out of the Borough; came Two or Three Nights before the Election to the Widow Pelham's; and voted for her House:

Mr. Thomas Pyhe, on the Sitting Member’s Side, laid. That he lett this House to John Griffith Half a Year ago; that he came into it Ten Days before the Election, and has relided there ever since.

Joseph Hog trough and Thomas Hodges said, That Evan Griffith is no Inhabitant within the Borough: He lives at a Farm which is within the Parish of Sterjning, but a Mile out of the Borough of Bramber; and that he voted for the Widow Pelhams House, where he never lived: That, on the Silting Member’s Side;

IhomasWaller laid, Evan Griffith pays to Church and Poor; and has polled several times: And

Mr. Thomas Pyhe said, Evan Griffith's Farm is out of the Borough; but the House he lived in at the time of the Election is within the Borough; and that he has known him poll for Ten Years past, and never was disputed, or objected to, by any Candidate.

Being cross-examined, the Witness said, The Widow Pelham would have taken this House; but he had lett it before to Griffith: Upon which, foe went to Griffith's, and he agreed to let her live in the House, and take care of it for him, as his Servant, and to have nothing for her Pains.

Thomas Potter, Edward Bud, and Thomas Hodges, said, That Thomas Bawcomb lives in the Borough of Steyning;is no Inhabitant in this Borough; and voted for the new End of an ancient House where a Widow lives; and he never inhabited, or had any Goods, there:

That, on the other Side, it appeared by the Rates, That Bazccombe is rated; and it was proved he paid the Rates for a House within the Borough: And

Mr. Pyke said, He knew the House where Barvcomb lives is within the Borough of Bramber, and a Burgage-house; and that he had voted for it at Two former Elections.

On the Petitioner’s Side,

Thomas Hodges said, That' when these Persons came to the Poll, they made a great Cry for the Church, though they do not frequent it.

To add Four to the Petitioner’s Poll, who were proved to have offered their Votes for him, and were not taken;

Thomas Churcher and Mary Potter said , That Nicholas Wilkins is $n Inhabitant of a House adjoining to Thomas Potter's, which are distinct Tenements, and pay separate Rents, and always had Two Votes; and that the Lord Windsor, Ten Years ago, gave Churcher, who then lived in that Part where Wilkins now lives, Twenty Pounds for his Vote.

That, on the Sitting Member’s Side,

Thomas Widler said, Wilkins lives in Part of the Widow Potter's House: That both Parts are but one Burgage; and never had but One Vote till about Six or Seven Years ago, when it was divided between Two Tenants; and both voted since that time: And

Mr. Pyke said, They never pretended to give Two Votes for this Tenement till 1708: That the Lord Windsor, after he purchased, would never futfer but One.; and that his Lordfoip always before thought the giving Two Votes for it was wrong.

Thunuu

Bramber

Election.

stramber

£le&ioih

i5 6 i9Junli.

Thomas Hodges and Thomas Potter said, That the House Richard Wheeler lives in is Two distinct Tenements, held by Two Tenants at different Rents, under Leases from different Lords: It was formerly Two Tenements, and both Tenants voted, till it was laid into an Inn, and held by one Tenant for some time; after which, it was, Twelve Years ago, divided again into Two Tenements, as it had been before; and both Tenants have since voted, and both have a Right to vote;

Thomas Waller,.on the other Side, said. He has lived

in Part of this Tenement 16 Years: That the House is held from one Lord, and the Stable from another: That the Stable Tenant had* indeed, sometimes offered his Vote; but it was never taken; and no more than One Vote was ever allowed, and that was for the House: That the House pays Half a Crown a Year Rent to the Duke of Norfolk; and the Stable Five Shillings and Five Fence a Year to Magdalen-College.

Richard Wheeler said, That Thomas Churcher's House is a new-built House upon an old Foundation: The Wit-nefc, about Six or Seven Years ago, cleared the Foundation of it, and found Mortar and Stones in the old Foundation:

Mr. Pyke, on the other Side, said, Churcher's House is not an old Burgage; but a Cottage built Five Years qgo: That a small Part of it stand3 within the Churchyard, and the rest upon the Waste of the Manor; and that he hod & Lease of it for Ninety-nine Years, at Half a Crown a Year Rent.

George Yeomans said, That Richard Parsons was an Inhabitant within the Borough at the Time of the Election, and for above a Year and half before; but could not say whether his House had a Vote:

That, on the other Side, it appeared by the Evidence

of

Mr. Waller and Mr. Pyke, That Parsons had been. Three Years ago, turned out of Possession by Ejectment; and, after the YVrits wer# out, he broke into the House again, and pretended to vote for it under such forcible Entry; and that, Itefore the Election, Application had been made to a neighbouring Justice to remove the Force. That, On the Head of ill Practices, the Petitioners Counsel called,

Mary Potter: Who laid, The Petitioner, and the Gentleman who stood with him, desired the Constable to make a fair Poll, and to poll all that came; and that Mr. Pyke bid the Constable mind his Bufinefe, and not be bubbled out of the Election by them.

John Hunt laid, That, about a Fortnight before the Hearing of this Petition, Thomas Bawcomb nad been with him several times; and told him. The Lord would be kind to him, and would order him Twenty Pounds, if he could prove Bribery against the Petitioner;

Being cross-examined, the Witness said, He knew of no such Bribery; but did not tell Bazvcomb so.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member observed upon the Poll, That he had the greatest Number, and the Petitioner the least, of all the Four Candidates; so that there was an intervening Majority for the other Sitting Member; and, while that Majority stood allowed against the Petitioner, they infilled, he could not question the Superiority for Sir Thomas Styles: And they objected to Six of the Petitioner’s Voters; against whom they produced the following Evidence:

Date 28 September 1703, A Lease of a Tenement to Edward Benton senior, and Ann his Wife, for Ninety-and-Nine Years, determinable on their Lives, was produced, and proved: And

Thomas Pyke laid, That Benton is dead; his Widow lives in this House; and that Henry Heaver, who voted, lives with her:

Being cross-examined, he said, He believed Heaver did not rent the House of her; but said, He had voted before.

George Lajhmcr, on the Petitioner’s Side, said, That Heaver has been Three Years an Inhabitant in a Borough-House, which had always a Vote.

20

Thomas Waller said, That James Benrtet is a yearly Servant within the Parish, but out of the Borough; and is no otherwise an Inhabitant; and that he never lived in any Burgage-Tenement within the Borough:

Being crols-examined, he said, Bettnet was rated to the Poor:

George Lajhmcr, on the Petitioner's Side, laid, Bennet is an Inhabitant in one of their Houses, for which a former Tenant had voted for the Lord Windsor; and that his Lordship asserted it to be as good a Vote as any.

Thomas Waller said, That Stephen Green is not rated j and that he is Shepherd to one who lives out of the Borough:

Geo. Lajhmer, on the Petitioner’s Side, said. Green is an Inhabitant, was put in by the Lord to serve

him; and that his Lordship asserted, His Vote was good.

Evan Griffith said, That John Hunt lives with his Father; and is not rated.

Thomas Waller said, That Joseph Hogtrough is rated; but has not paid to Church and Poor these Two Years;

And

That Thomas Potier, about a Year ago, received Relief when he was under an Execution; but afterwards returned the Money; and now he is rated and pays to Church and Poor.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Styles Baronet, is not duly elected a Bur-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Suffer:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Minjhull Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber.

The Fiift Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Thomas Styles Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Suffer;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ "j; T^ha: }13S‘ TellersfcrtheNo} =4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Edward Minjhull Esquire, duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Suffer, by rafing out the Name of Sir Thomas Styles Baronet, and inserting the Name of Edward Mimhull Esquire, instead thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue the Act, of the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act:, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath, in the usual Form, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Quaken Affirmar

Ways

and Meai*

Debtors Petitions.

Ditto.

i Geo. I.

a° fund.

*17

Jtvis, 2°Junii\

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AP E TIT I ON" of the poor iofolvent Debtors now in Custody in the County Gaol at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was preferred to the House, and read; lotting forth, That the Petitioners humbly beseech your Honours, in this our miferuble Condition, to have fotne Pity and Companion on us, being utterly condemned to perpetual Imprilbnnaent, without your Mercy; that we mult certainly perish for Want, if not speedily relieved: And praying your most gracious Act for our Discharges, Ordered', That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of more than Sixty poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages in his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Bedford, as well in behalf of themselves, as of divers others in Custody in the said Gaol, and other Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That not only the Petitioners, but ail'd many Thousand

now detained in the said Gaol, and other the Gaols of this Kingdom; to the Relief of a very great Number of whom the several late Acts for the discharging poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages in no-wi(e extended: That, whilst they are in this Distress, deprived of the holy Ordinances of God, and Service of Man, others are greatly burthened with their respective Families; for whom, by

their Industry, they might make a competent Provision. were they freed from) this deferable Confinement; which though it can no-wajs avaf their Creditors by rcalbn of their utter Inability tp apfwpr their Demands: And praying your Honours Cpnteletatien, nnc! such Belief therein, as to your great Wiffiom shall feetft meet.

Ordered, That tlfe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Clerk of thd Crown attended, and according to Return Order, amended then' Returns for the Boroughs of West- amended. bury, in the Gounlfy of Wilts; and Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

1 1

The House being Jnfdrmtd, Thsft Mr. Mtortyn, Inspec- Wool for General of the Customjs, attended; imported.

He was called in:_ and* at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of what Quantities of Wool have been annually imported into this Kingdom from Spain, from Christmas 1708 to Christinas 17142 And also,

An Account of what Quanfitiesof Cochineal have been Cochineal, annually imported into this Kingdotn, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714, and from thence to the ill of May 1715; and from whence it came: And also,

An Account of w hat Wines have been annually im- Wine», ported into this Kingdom from France, Spain, and the Canaries, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714; with the Account of the Duties arising of each Sort of Wine in each of those Years:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT shewing the Quantities of Wool imported into this Kingdom from Sjpain in Six Years, distinctly,

from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714; viz.

The several Years. From Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1709 -

From Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1710 From Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1711 From Christmas 1711. to Christmas 171a From Christmas 1712 to Christmas 1713 -

From Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1714 -

Custom-House, Inspefilor General’s Office, ill June 1715.

Henry Martin.

Quantities.

3,595 2,521 7,870 10,169

5,*43 5,076

'Bags.

'total 34,374 Bags.

Vol. 18.

S f

A?

Crt

00

g

cq’

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

An ACCOUNT shewing the Quantities of Cochineal imported in Six Years and Four Months, distinctly, from Christmas 1708 to the 1 ft of May 1715 j and from what Places it came; viz.

From 'whence imported. Chrijbnas 1708 to Christmas 1709. Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1710. Chri/hnas 1710 to Chri/hnas 1711. Christmas 1711 to Christmas 171a. Chri/hnas 1713 to Chri/hnas 1713. Chri/hnas 1713 to Chri/hnas 1714* From Chq/lmai 17 14 to lft May 1715.

Pounds. Pounds. Pounds. Pounds. Pou nds. Pounds, Pounds.

Canaries - - 1,117 1,529 1,234 614 7,941 24 —

Holland. - - - - 1,800

Italy 1,338 — — —

Portugal - -- -- - 385 1,024 — — —

Spain 60,372 48,703 59,515 77,507 98,882 18,370 1,358

Straits - 4,405 — —

Turkey - -- - 3,328 ——

& I f Barbadoes ----- - 30 ——

s Carolina - - 107 _ w

SI .«5 Jammca ----- 720 125 - 116 - 290 49

s#> * iVew FbrA - - - - 396 - —

KjVest Indies in general - 224 ——

Prize 10,156 — —

Totals - 62,712 50,357 64,716 80,599 121,384 18,684 3,257

Custom-House, Inspector General’s Office, lft June 1715.

<1

t-t

Cjra

4

Henry Martin.

Jumi.

g

(Q

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

oo

An ACCOUNT shewing the Quality and Quantity of Wines imported into London, and the Out Ports of this Kingdom, from France, Spain, and the Canaries, in Six Years, distinctly, from

Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714; with the Amount of the Duties on each Sort of Wine in each of those Years; viz.

From France.

3

s

3

o

r "> - 1709 "

1709 l 1710

1710 1711 3. s 1711 1 1712

171a 0 H 1713

17*3 -> >7*4 -

Wine, French. Duties. Wine, Spanish. Duties. Wine, Canary. Duties. Wine, Port. Duties.

Tun. if*. Ga. £ Tun. Hs. Ga £ Tun. lit. Ga. £. t. d. Tun. Hs. Ga, £. t. d.

0 — — 176 — 18$ 2,061 1 48 986 2 51 99 — 11 15,267 18 3f 108,639 ® 6j 52,242 8 — 107 — 12 — — 44 2,662 2 8 3 >3 4 113 — 40 2,814 2 2j 74 3 5 ».79« >4 3

From Spain. Wine, Spanish. Duties. Wine, Canary. Duties. Wine, Florence. Duties. Wine, Levant. Duties. Wine, French. Duties. Win e, Madeira Duties. Wine, Porf. Duties.

Tun. Hs. Ga. £. s. d. Tun. Hi. Ga. £.j. d. \Tun. He. Ga. £. s. d. Tun. Hs. G. £ r. d. Tun. Hs. Ga. £ d. Tun ffr. Ga. jC* * d. Tun. Hs* Ga. £. s. d.

1708 r«709^| m 2,879 1 27 68,887 6 — - - 216 49 5 5i — 1 15 7 2

I »79 1 ,7,° I 4>°3a — 4°i 96,384 16 8 - - loo 2 22 j 2,500 2 1 3'l 2 12 3$ 5 — 3 3 1 14 79 10 6$

fj 1710 1711 I - 3.354 ’ — 80,793 8 — - - 2 — 20 47 *3 8} 17 1 8 3 2 2 29 62 19 lj

u \ g 1711 171a . *»77a »5j 65.754 ~ »o 111 — 279 15 3 1 — 60 28 15 7j - — 10 3 9 3 — 6> 65 3 3 6 — 13 145 11 6

0 fa 1712 £ >7*3 3.989 3 95.325 13 a m m - 1 3 4a{ 44 6 — 1 — — 55 5 5 —

v17,3> /7hJ - 5.5a7 1 5»J 134,761 18 9 — 9 44 16 13 — - 3 I. 16 11 1}

s

fa

From the Canaries. Wine, Canary. Duties.

Tun. Hs. Ga £ * d.

ri7o8> <*1709" 1,065 — 55 26,185 18 7

1709 1 1710 713 1 60 17,26a 16 — 4

/ >7'o 14 J 1711 I 1,108 1 59 26,701 11 94

\ >7*1 1712 > - 1,809 1 27 43.839 19 »i

1712 £ >713 1,663 3 36 4»,°78 5 61

,7«3> J7H. 1,647 3 40,120 17 a4

Memorandum1The Duties on these Wines are cast as unfilled for Sale, without deducting any Allowances for Damages, or Over-entries, <$c.

Custom-house, Inspector General’s Office, lft June 1715. A

Henry Martin.

cn

VO

1 Geo. I. 35° Jtinii.

Jmtii. A. 1715.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do Ho upon die Mr. Boteler, and Mr. Hale, do prepare, and

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. bring iq, the same.

St Alban's, A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwaedens, Over- Mr. iouwwfos presented to the House, pursuent to their Woollen Mi-Ac. Road.’ seers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, and other Addrefe to his Majesty for that Purpose, an Accouet of nufadure*. Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. Peter, near St.the Woollen Manufactures, 8$c. yearly exported from *c* Albans, and of Shenly and Ridge, in the County o I Bert-Scotland, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714: And,

ford, and of the Parish of South Mims, in the County of An annual Account of the Produce of the Customs in Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; letting Scotland ffer Wine and LBrandy, from Christmas 1708 to forth, That the North-well Road of this Kingdom of Christmas 1714: And,

England continueth in a strait Line, and leadeth from An Account of Fufiickk Dyeing Drugs, 8$c. exported St. Albans aforesaid to the Parish of Chipping BarjieU from Scotland to France, since the late Treaty of Peace and from thence to the Cities of London and Westminster, at Utrecht: And,

through the said several Parishes of St. Peter, Shenly, An Account of the grofe and net Produce of the Cuf-Ridge, and South Mims, aforesaid, for the (pace of Nine toms, #c. in Tince the Commencement of the

Miles and upwards; whereof Three whole Miles lie in Union, to 1714: And,

the said Parish of St. Peter; and that, by means of the An annual Account of the grols and net Produce of great Number of Waggons, Coaches, and Pack-horses, the Customs and Excise on Saltiin Scotland, from Christ-Travellers on Horseback, and Drovers of all manner of mas 1708- to Christmas 1714: And,

Cattle, continually travelling on the said Road, the said An Account of thegrofs and net Produce of the Excise Road is lb very much worn out, and decayed, and dan- in Scotland, for Seven Years, from the ill of 1707 gerous to Travellers (notwithstanding the Petitioners, m to Hie lftof May 1714: And,

their several Parishes, have done their utmost, by Law, An Account of the Appropriations and Payments for the repairing thereof; and have already spent all their theceout, SfC.:

Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, in their respective And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

Parishes, for the repairing the lame) that the said common Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,

Road mult unavoidably, in a very small time, become to be perused by the Members of the llouie. unpayable, without the Assistance of this honourable The laid Accounts are bound up with, thaothqr Papers House; the Petitioners being utterly unable to repair the of this Session. same at the Parish Charge: And praying, That, by ferae

Toll, or feme other Way or Method, the said great an- Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House an Abllract Amv Debs, cient Road may be preserved, and continued useful, for of what is due to several foreign Troops for Pay, and Ex-all that pals on the same. traordinaries. to the Day of Separation; andi also of what

is due to foreign Princes for Subsidies, to the same Time:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- And the Title thereof was read,

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. The said Abilraft is as followeth; viz.

An ABSTRACT of what is due by Treaties to several foreign Troops, for their Pay, and Extraordinaries, to

the Day of Separation.

Ordinary Pay to the Day of Separation, in Guilders. Reduced into Sterling, at 1 ojh. 10 d. to the Pound. Due for Extraordinaries, in Guilders. Reduced into Sterling, at 10fh. 1 vdP to the Pound*

Danes /. 290,022 19 4 - _ _ /. 68,857 — 4 —

Prussians - 162,326 12 — - 590,182- 3 — —

Hessians 156,310 9 6 9^,419 9 — —

Saxons 150,619 19 — - - 221,761 16 — —

Treves 24,037 15 — —

JValef - - 46,318 2 8 ? —

Holsteyns -Saxe Gotha, Four I Months, to 23d / December 1712,) - - 167,711 12 — r

81,601 19 2 - 33,98* 12 8 —

Palatines, D* 383,101. 10 — - 78,583 J —

Total f 1,248,021 3 1.4 <£. 118,859 31 / 1,299,813 15 4 £. 123,701 15 —

An ABSTRACT of vvhut is due to several foreign Princes, for Subsidies, to the Day of Separation.

' . Due on Account of the Year 1711. Due to the Day of Separation.

King of Denmark Landgrave of lleffis - - - ElcQor Palatine ----- EJector of Treves ----- £. s. d. 28,125 4.464 5 7i 4.464 5 81 £'. s. d 20,312 10 — 7,045 9- 6 979 7 6 3,224 4 —

An ABSTRACT ofr the Whole. Total due for ordinary Pay, as on the other Side -Total due for Extraordinaries, as on the other Side Total due for Subsidies, as above -

£. s. d. 1^8,859 3 1 123,791 15 — 68,615 2 4

In all - ^£.311,266 — 5

Whitehall,

May the 27th, 1715.

Totaz,.

£. s. d.

48,437 —

11,509 15 if 079 7 6

7,688 9 8f

68,615 3 4

Robert Clayton, Deputy Paymaster.

Ordered

Woollen

anufttdure.

apply Bill; hities on lait, &c.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Shaftesbury

Election.

I Geo. I.

2° Junii.

161

Ordered, That the said Abstract: do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, on the behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of People employed by them in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That whereas an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; hath been complained of by the Dealers and Buyers of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and there being a Bill now depending in this honourable House, for making the said Act more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general: And praying. That the Measure of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth may be duly adjusted at Blackwell-hall, by the Keeper thereof, or by some other indifferent Person, that have no Dependence on the Buyers; or otherwise, as to your Honours Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general j is committed.

An ingtoffed Bill for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer- Bills, and Lottery-Tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for making forth new Orders, in lieu of certain Lottery-Orders obliterated or defective; and for continuing certain Duties on Hops until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act, in relation to the Payment of Tythes, and Church-Rates; and for appointing the Form of an . Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Hears Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, together with Edward Nicholas Esquire, stood as Candi- dates at the late Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Shafon, alias Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough; but the said Eduard Nicholas, by Bribery, and other indirect Praci ices of his Agents, influenced Bennet, Mayor of the said Borough, to admit many Persons to vote for

Vol. 18.

him the said Edward Nicholas who had no Right, and refilled others who had a Right, and offered to vote for the PetitionerThat the said Mayor had accordingly returned the said Edward Nicholas; in Prejudice of the Petitioner: Arid praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, from the Com- Committee rnittee of Secrecy, That they had examined the Books and Senrecy-Papers referred to them 5 and had Matters of the greatest Importance to lay before the House: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That a Day may be appointed for receiving their Report.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Secrecy be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do attend the Service of the House upon this Day Sevennight, upon Pain of incurring the highest Displeasure of the

The House proceeded to the further hearing the Newcaftte Merits of the Election for the Borough of Newcastle u"der Lin* under Line: Elea,0B*

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members examined Witnesses to discredit the Witness which was examined on Tuesday, touching One of the Petitioners Witnesses, being (educed away by the Mayor; and also examined Witnesses, to disqualify those Persons who the Petitioners Counsel would have added to the Petitioners Poll; and to qualify those Persons the Petitioners Counsel would have disqualified; and also to disqualify several of the Persons who voted for the Petitioners:

And one Ralph Mare being offered as a Witness, to

prove the distributing Wheat, and Money instead thereof, to the Burgesses;

The Petitioners Counsel objected against his being examined as a Witness, for that he was charged by the Petitioners Evidence with having confessed he had Thirty Shillings to come up to be a Witness:

To which Matter the Counsel being heard;

They were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Sitting Members Counsel be admitted to examine Ralph Mare as a Witness, touching Wheat being distributed at the Borough of under The Counsel were called m again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel examined him, and other Witnesses, touching the Dil’tribution of Wheat, and Money instead thereof, before the Election; and also touching Bribery:

And the Sitting Members Counsel summed up the Evidence:

And the Petitioners Counsel replied; and called one Samuel Lowe, to be examined as a Witness, touching a Declaration made by the Petitioner Mr. , before her late Majesty’s Death, of his Intention to distribute Wheat:

And the Sitting Members Counsel objecting against his being examined as a Witness, he being charged by the Sitting Members Evidence to have distributed the said Wheat;

Touching which, the Counsel were heard.

And then they were directed to w ithdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to examine Samuel Lowe, in relation to the Wheat distributed at the Borough of under

Line.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Samuel Lowe was examined; and also a Witness to discredit Ralph Mare, One of the Witnesses for the Sitting Members.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And Mr. Cotton was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

T t And

Moe mouth

Porough

Election.

Digb/«

Estate.

Newcaftlu under Line Return amended.

5 2°- — 30

X715:

And the Question being put, That Rowland Cotton Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcaftlfy wider Line, in the County of Stafford;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, forth. Y.m, {%,} 69.

Teller, for the No«, } } 85'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That Henry Vernon, of Sudbury, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve ip this present Parliament for the ,said Borough of Newcastle under Line;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller,} »'

Teller, for tire Noe*] Jjj; . f 76.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Crew OJfiey Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Tee*] } 72'

Teller, for the Noes, \& ]

68.

’f Sir John:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Newpastle unde Line, in the County of Stafford, by railing out the Names of Rowland Cotton Esquire, and Henry Vernon, of Sudbury, Esquire, and inferring the Names of Crew Offley Esquire, and Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Andrews Windsor Esquire, touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Monmouth, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday Sevenqight.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to attend this Day, in relation to the said Election and Return, do attend this House upon Saturday Sevennight.

And then the-House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, with the Merchants, Clqthjers, and others, of the Town of Totness, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is valt Quantities of Wool and Yarn carried to,

and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom, and Ireland, where several Vessels laden with Wool, bound to France, have of late been seized; and the clandestine Runner laves the Duty, which is at Jeaft Twenty per Cent.; which ,the fair Exporter for Rngfand is obliged to pay; so that the Woollen Manufacture of this Nation, in general, suffers under great Hardships, and is in Danger of being loft: And praying. That speedy and effectual Measures may be taken for our Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws ia being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

A Petition of the Mayor and free Burgesses of the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, and several others in Parts adjacent, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners suffer very much by means of die Running of Wool and Yarn to France, and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom and Ireland; which w ill destroy the Woollen Manufacture of this Nation in general: And praying a Remedy for f ich growing Evil.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Law s in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and how the same may be made more effectual.

A Petition of the Alderman and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Fullers, Clothiers, and others, trading in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Town of Oakehampton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Wool and Yam are continually carried to France, and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom, and from where several Ships of Wool, bound to France, have of late been seized; and the clandestine Runner saves the Duty, which is at least Twenty per Cent, which the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay; and, by that means, the Woollen Manufactory of this Nation, in general, suffers under great Hardships, and is in Danger of being loft: And praying, That speedy and effectual Measures mav bp taken for our Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more ef&Ctual.

Veneris, 30 die yunii;

Anno i# Georgii Regis, 1715.

P R A y e R s.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Browning:

Mr. S|>eaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Persons to take care of the Person and Estate Of John Digby Esquire, eldest Son and Heir apparent of

hFiltiam Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hpqfe. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford.

A Petition of a great Number of poor confined Debtors within the several Prisons of Ludgate and Two Compters, and other Prisons in and about the City of London, as well on behalf of themselves, as alfp of other insolvent Debtors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That withjir these Prisons are several Hundreds of Men and Women, which have been considerable Traders; but, through a general Decay in Trade, and by Losses, are become insolvent; and, since their Imprison-ipent, have paid as far as they are able towards Discharge of their respective Debts; notwithstanding which, they are frill kept in Prison for want of sufficient..... to satisfy all their Creditors: And praying, That a Bill may he brought in for their Releafo.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and

Commonalty, of the Company of free Fishermen of the River of Thames, and Waters of on behalf of

themselves, and other Fishermen of this Kingdom, wa3 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an 14 Instruction

Clandestint Export of W00L

Ditto.

Ditto

Debtor*

Petition.

Importing

Fife

i Geo. I.

ids

Instruction is given to tire ‘Committee, to Whom the Bill for the effectual preventing the Importation into this Kingdom of any fresh Fish taken by Foreigners, is referred, to receive a Clause to repeal so much of the Act, of the loth and nth Years of King Wm. the Third, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market, as prehi-bits the Importation of Lolftere in foreign Vessels; and also there is a Clause in the said Bill for regulating the Sire of Nets to be used at "Sea on the Coast of Great Britain; and that although the Petitioners do not object against the / Palling of the said Bill; yet, if the said Clauses should stand part of the said Bill, and pass without feme Amendment, it will be a great Injury to the Petitioners, and en- tirely ruin many Hundred Families of this Kingdom: And praying to be heard by Counsel.

And a Motion being made, and the -Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to- whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon;

It -passed in the Negative.

Petitions A Petition of several Matters, on behalf of themselves,

from Masters the rest of the Matters of his Majesty’s Navy Royal,

kc. C included in the Number of Halt-Pay Officers, was

presented to the House, and read, letting forth, That

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Cofferers Fire in Thames-t&reeU

by A Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of them-solves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarfitparilla, by the late dreadful Firein Thames-street, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners imported considerable Quantities of Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarsaparilla, feme ttiort time before the said Fire; for which they paid all Duties to the Crown j and the said Fire destroyed the said Sugars, Oils, and Sar-faparillas; the Customs whereof amount to 3,000l. or thereabouts; and in regard the Lois of the said Goods have laid the Petitioners under great Difficulties and Miffbrtunes, the same amounting to upwards of 22,500l.: And praying to import Goods Custom-free, to the Value of the Customs of the said Goods so destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Ward, Mr. Onslow, I-ord Wm. Poiclett, Mr. Low!her, Mr. England, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. , Lord Cmingsby, Sir

Tho. Hanrner, Mr. FarrerMr. Aislabie, Mr. trorth, Mr. Cholmky, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Arth. Owen, Mr. London, Sir Richard Faring ton, Mr. P owlet t, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Morice, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Chificell, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Colemere, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ward: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons-m due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; was, according to Order; read a Second1 lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, relblve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Muui, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for making forth new Orders, in lieu of certain Lottery Orders obliterated, or defective; and for continuing certain Duties on Hops, until the First Day of August 1715; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for shortening the Time of the Yule Vacance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for shortening the Time of the Yule Vacance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir David Dalrymple do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable H use to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the publick Bills following; viz.

An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, M um, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1715; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for making forth new Orders, in lieu of certain Lottery Orders obliterated, or defective; and for continuing certain Duties on Hops until the First Day of August 1715:

An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ditto:

A Petition of Ann Milner, Thomas Colmore, and William Hunt, of London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners imported large Quantities of Maryland^obacco for Exportation; and had paid and secured to the Crown all the Duties thereon; and, by the late Fire, a large Part of the said Tobacco was then burnt and destroyed: And praying to import the like Quantity of Tobacco, Custom-free.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil,-and Sarsaparilla, by the late dreadful -Fire in Thames-street, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House" wiH, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy have Leave during the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned until Wednesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Vo I,. 18.

Ele&iom — Returns of Writs of Summons, &c.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

YuleVacarce in Scotland.

Royal Assent to Bills*

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Committee of Secrecy*

Digby’s

Inflate.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Sufferers by

Firr in

Thames-

street.

164 8° Junii. J. 1715.

Mercurii, 8° die Junii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715-

PnATEBS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing Persons to take care of the Person and Estate of John Uigby Esquire, eldest Son and Heir apparent of William Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Earl, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sir Willo.

Hickman, Sir Wm.Carew, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. wynd, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Pakington, Mr. Daumey, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Pringle, Lord Sir Fran.

Leicester, Mr- Hern, Mr. Smith, Mr. Inge, Mr. Pitt, Lord Scudamore, Sir GefferyPalmer, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir Cha. Tumor, Mr. PSir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Mr. Gregory, Mr. HopMr. Northmore, Mr. Offlcy, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bladen, Sir John Mr.

Harris, Mr. Travers, Mr. CMr. Digby, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Clerke, Sir Tho. Ilanrner, Mr. Hunger-jord, Sir Tho. Morgan; and all that serve for the Counties of Warwick, I Worcester, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five'a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons> Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Trowbridge, and Places adjacent, in the County of IPilt on behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of People employed by them in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the house, and read; setting forth, That an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her ijate Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better payment of the Poor employed therein; hath been complained of, by the Buyers and Dealers of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, to this House; and the Petitioners are desirous, that the Measure of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth may be duly adjusted at,

and the Burthens they labour under in their Trade redrefied; and there is no Bill depending for making the said Act more effectual: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the 10th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general; is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Baynton and Allard Belin, of London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Thomas Baynton, did, feme time before the late Fire in Thames-street, import 120 Hogsheads of French Wines, for which he paid 1,579^ 9s- *</ Duty for the same; and the Petitioner Allard Belin imported 13 Calks of French Prunes, for which he paid Duties 54/. 12; and the greatest Part of the said Wines and Prunes were destroyed in the said Fire: by which the Petitioners have sustained a considerable Lois, to the Value of 1,600l. and upwards: And ' praying to import a Quantity of Wine and Prunes, or other Goods, free of Duties, to the Amount of their Lois.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarfeparilla, by the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House.

A Bill for making Indofures of feme Parts of the Endowing Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called J?*gR&c’ England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Cura- °ne ’ cics, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to make Provision therein for poor Schoolmasters.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Paterson’» refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Claims on the Bill for relieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the t,quiva ent* Equivalent, for what is due to him;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Broderick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Broderick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House shall be pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the Protestant Officers of Baron de Borle's late Regiment 6f Dragoons be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Officers of Lieutenant-General Hamilton's late Regiment of Foot be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Abstract of what is due to several foreign Troops for Pay and Extraordinaries, to the Day of Separation; and alfe, of what is due to foreign Princes for Subsidies, to the same time; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ward, Mr. IVykes, importing Mr. Braccbridge, Mr. Brudnall, Mr. Rudge, Sir John Fish.

Pakington, be added to the Committee, to w horn the Bill for the effectual preventing of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Inge, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Ilun-gerford. Colonel Long, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarfeparilla, by the late Fire in Thames-street, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i Geo. I.

9* >*//.

165

JoVisy 90 Jurtii;

Anno l® Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

Woollen k PETITION of many Clothiers, and Cloth-Jfanufacture. j£\. workers, of Froome, in the County of Homer jet, and

other Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poor employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That an Act, made in the 1 oth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, t and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; hath been complained of, by the Buyers and Dealers of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth, to this House; and there is a Bill depending for making the said Act more effectual; and for redrtffing the Burthens that the Petitioners do labour under in their Trade: And praying to be heard by Counsel; and to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-sideration of the Committee, to w'hom the Bill to make the Act, of the 1 oth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general; is* committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the said Committee, thereupon, by themselves, or Counsel, as they shall thick fit.

Expiring Law s*

Committee Qf Secrecy.

Insolvent Debtors.

Woollen

M&uuiftCiure.

A Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rej'olved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Thai the several Petitions of poor insolvent Debtors which have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Borough and Parish of Westbury, Warminster, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselvfes, and several Thousands of People employed by them in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of mixture or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; hath been complained of, by the Buyers and Dealers of mixture or medley Broad-Cloth, to this House; and there is no Bill depending for making the said Act more effectual-; the Petitioners are desirous, tlvat the Meafore of mixture or medley Broad-Cloth may be duly adjusted at Blaclewell-halL, and the Burthens they labour under in their Trade redressed: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the 10th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual, for the Benefit of Trade in general; is committed.

Bedford Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the £lection. County of Bedford, which were ordered to be heard this Day, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twenty-first of this instant June.

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is 'referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring; and to report which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; have Power to lit de die in- diem.

"Fix Walpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, acquainted the House, That he had a Report to present, according to their Order; but that he had the Commands of the Committee to make a Motion to the House, before he read the Report: That there are in the Report Matters of the highest Importance: That although the Committee had Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, they did not think fit to make use thereof; believing it to be necessary, in order to bring Offenders to Justice, that feme Persons should be secured, before ’tis possible they should know what they are to be examined to; and, left they should have Notice, from what should be read in the Report, and make their Escape, he was commanded by the Committee, according to former Precedents, to move, That a Warrant may be issued by Mr. Speaker* to apprehend certain Persons w ho shall be named to him by the Chairman of the said Committee; and that no Members may be permitted to go out of the House.

Ordered, That the Lobby be cleared of all Strangers; and the Back-doors of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up, and the Key brought, and laid upon the Table: And that the Serjeant do stand at the Door of the House, and fufifer no Member to go forth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker no ifiiie his Warrant to the Appreken-Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take into his fionofeer-Custody fuel) Persons a3 shall be named to Mr. Speaker by the Chairman of the Committee of Secrecy, in order chairman. to their being examined before the said Committee.

Then Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, That the Committee had perused the Books and Papers referred to them; and had agreed upon a Report, which they had commanded him to make: That it is contained in Two Books; One of which is the Report; the other by way of Appendix to it, and contains at large, those Letters and Papeis which are referred to in the Report: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table, together with the Appendix, and the Books which were referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Questton being put, That the further Consideration of this Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for the Y

Tellers for fteNoeej^S*"

V

J

1 ?5-282.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

The same was, in Part, read.

Ordered, That tire further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That foe Call of the House be adjourned till Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be taken into Cafeody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Caff of the House.

V u

166

Committee of Secrecy.

Lord

Bolingbroke

impeached)

Candles.

Earl of Oxford impeached.

Aberdeen, ice. Election.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Paterson's Claims on Equivalent.

io* — -n° Junii.

A. 1715

Veneris,

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayer*.

THE House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy:

And the rest of the Report was read.

The said Report, and Appendix, being too large to be entered, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for.heYeas^-

Tellers for the Noes, grr J"* Pdmcr:

So it paired in the Negative.

160. 1280.

Sabbati, 11° die Junii;

Anno i# Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

/~\RDE RE D, That Philip Rajhleigh Esquire, have Leave of leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That FrancisRobartes Esquire, have Leave

to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act imprilbn-for continuing the Imprisonment of and meilt *>i

others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person ^lack, K,rn> of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Debtors Petitions.

Resolved, That this House will impeach Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will impeach Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Secrecy to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, and Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing of the said Report: And that* no other Persondo presume to print the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Bruchan, Aberbroth-wick, and Berry, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent, for what is due to him, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Poor Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol in the ancient Borough of Colchester, in the County of

Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That by reason of our long Continuance in the said Prison, and no Allowance belonging thereto, are very much impoverished; and our Debts so large, that we could not have the Benefit of the late Act, in the Reign of the late Queen: And praying for a more extensive Act for our Releasement.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors is committed.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners for Debt in Mon. mouth Gaol was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses, are become incapable of paying their full Debts 5 but they are willing to make them the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, so that they may be discharged from their Imprisonment: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors is committed.

A Petition of John Cookson was presented to the House, Sufferer by and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had the Mif- £',re in fortune to have Twenty-two thousand Six hundred Ninety- stre^"e* and nine Pound of Smalts, Two-thirds whereof was burnt and destroyed by the late Fire in,

London; the Custom whereof is two Pence Halfpenny per Pound Weight: and praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, G in-ger, Oil, and Sarsaparilla, by the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Assistants, and principal Eland«ftuw Traders, in the Woollen Manufactory of the Town of lixportof Ashburton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn being continually transported to France, and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom and from Ireland; where several Ships of Wool, bound to France, have lately been seized; and where the clandestine Runner saves the Duty, and that is at least Twenty per Cent, which the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay; by which means, the Woollen Manufactory of this Nation in general suffers under the greatest Hard-ftiips, and is in Danger of being loft: And praying,

That speedy and effectual Measures may be taken for our Relief.

Ordered,

tlorsham

Election.

Paterson's Claims on Equivalent.

Committee of Secrecy;

A Copy of Report to be sent to Sheriffs, &c.

Monmouth

Borough

Eteftion.

1 GeO. L i i* — 130 Junii.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are to consider of the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland', and how the same may be made more effectual.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Hersham, in the County of Suffer, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Broderick, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving IVm. Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent,

for what is due to him, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ih at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

Ordered, That the several Books, which were delivered in by the Chairman of the Committee of Secrecy, upon making the Report from the said Committee, be delivered back to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend a printed Copy of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy to the Sheriff of every County, and to the Returning Officer of every City and Borough fending Members to Parliament.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Matter of the Petition of AndrewsJVindfor Esquire, touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Monmouth:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition was read.

The Counsel for the Petitioner infilling to proceed upon the Merits of the Return, in the First place; which the Counsel for the Sitting-Member opposing, and insisting, That the Merits of the Election ought to be proceeded on at the same time;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard touching the same.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Petitioner be directed to proceed upon the Merits of the Election, as well as upon the Merits of the Retom, for the Borough of Monmouth;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. { } ?8'

Tellers for the Noes, } 69-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner acquainted the House, That they having depended upon the Merits of the Return being only proceeded on at this time, they were not ready to proceed, now, on the Merits of the said Election; and desired a further Day might be appointed.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of M be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } 4*.

Tellers for the Noes, } 7«.

So it passed in the Negative.

VOL. 18.

Ordered, That the further bearing the Merits of the said Election be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Yeqrs of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act, in relation to the Payment of Tythes, and Church-Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation, to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of an Oath of Abjuration; with an Amendment: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrewi

Ordered, That Sir Nath. Mead, Mr. Sir David

Dalrymple, Mr. Papillon, Mr. , Colonel

Sir Geo. War burton, Mr. Booth, Mr. Walter, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 130 die Junii;

Anno x° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Inhabitants of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northzvich, in the County of Chester;

which Bill, if passed, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to many Thousands of Freeholders, Farmers, and poor People, in the neighbouring County: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, before it passes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Nor, in the County of Chester, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-Council, free Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of wall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties, by reason of the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn being continually carried to France, and other foreign Parts, from this Kingdom, and from where several

Ships laden with Wool, bound to, France, have been lately seized; whereby the Runner saves the Duty, which is at least Twenty Pounds per Centum; and the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay it; by that means, the Woollen Manufacture suffers under great Hardships, and is in Danger of being lolt; and the many Thousands of poor Families, who were subsisted by their Labour in that Manufacture alone, must tall a Charge to the Parishes where they dwell: And praying, That speedy and effectual Measures may be taken.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to consider the Laws in being for preventing the exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

The House being moved, That the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Length and Breadth

of

Quakers

Affirmation.

Kenntt

Navigation*

Weaver

Navigation.

Clandestiot Export of Wool*

Woolltn Manufacture.

Thames

Hihery.

Clandestine Export of Wool.

Meyer's

Nat.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Paterson’s Claims on Equivalent*

Quakers

Affirmation.

168 13^ — 14° 1715.

t>f all Woollen Cloth, made in the County of York, be to the Payment of Tythes, and Church-Rates; and for read; appointing the Form of an Affirmation, to be taken by The same was read accordingly. the People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Ah*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, juration; to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of And the same was read; and is aa follows; vh. her late Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, " Provided always, That so much of this Act as re-iraproving, and encouraging, of the Woollen Manufac- " lates to the Affirmations to be made by the People ture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloth; and for the bet- " called Quahei's, shall be extended to that Part of Great ter Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effec- " Britain called Scotland, for ever; and to the Planta-tual, for the Benefit of Trade in general; is committed; " tions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for

That they have Power to receive a Clause, for making " Five Years, and to the End of the next Session of Par-the said Act, of the Ninth Year of her said late Majesty’s u liament after the said Five Years; and no longer."

Reign, more effectual. The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of House, the Fishery-Company of the River Thames, was presented Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty, the Court of to the said Amendment.

Assistants of the said Company shall consist of Sixteen

Assistants, and Three Wardens; and the Petitioners, by Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Alboro^ reason of lb great a Number of Assistants required to be . Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elediou. present, who are usually seafaring Men, and live at a Borough of Alborough, in the County of be rc-

great DHtance, find it difficult to hold the Court of Assist- ceived upon Thursday Morning next, ants, and to regulate Abuses committed in the said Fishery,

and to answer the Ends and Purposes of the said Act; The Orders of the Day being read

whereby the Petitioners are greatly disabled from putting The House, according to Order, resolved itself into, a Elections — the said Act in Execution; to the Prejudice of the said Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Return of Fishery: And praying to receive a Clause, to repeal so more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and much of the said Act, as to the Number of Wardens and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of &c. Assistants thereby required to be present at the holding Summons in due Time; and for preventing Bribery and tire Court of Assistants; and for the conliituting a Ids Corruptions in the Elections of Members to lerve in Number in the room thereof. Parliament.

The Clause in the said Act was read. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Coun- Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, That they ties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Somerset, Gloucester, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-and York, be added to the Committee to consider the ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

Laws for preventing the exporting of Wool from Great when the House will please to receive the same.

Britain and Ireland and how the same may be made Ordered, That the Report be received upon To-inore effectual. morrow Sevcnnight.

A Petition of Hetman Meyer was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but doth profess the true Protestant Religion; and having given Testimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the good of the -Kingdom of Great Britain: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. London and Mr. Diston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Junii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Supply.

Sir John Cope presented to the House, according to Prayers.

Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, A BILL for making the 'River Weaver navigable Weaver by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of il from Fi'od/hamliridge to Northwych, in the County Navigation. Commons: And the same was received; and read the of Chester, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

First time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Booth,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Sir Geo. Warburton, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Mr. Johnson, Mr. Papillon, Sir

The House refilmed the adjourned Debate upon the John Sir Hen. Mr. Longueville, Sir

Amendment proposed to be made to the Bill for re- Wm. DaSir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Pitt, Sir iieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

for what is due to him: Mr. Selw Sir Mr. England, Sir Nich. Which Amendment not being infilled on; Morice, Mr. Drake, Mr. Yonge, Mr. OJjley, Sir Char.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments made Turner, Colonel Lee. Mr. Boteler, Mr. Solicitor-General, thereunto, be ingrossed. Sir HSir Mr. Lister, Mr. Ver-

non, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Wm. Powlett, the Earl The House proceeded to take into Consideration the of Barrymore, Mr. Clark, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr.

Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Dawney, Mr. Foley, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Broderick,

An Act for making perpetual an Act, of the Seventh and Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard

Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Farington, Mr. Inge, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Dif-

William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn ton, and all that serve for the Counties of Chester, Stqf-

Affinnation and Declaration of the People called Quakers ford, Lancaster, Derby, Wales, and London: And they shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the ufoal Form; are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s

and for explaining and enforcing the said Act, in relation Chamber.

20 ‘ Ordered,

j

i Geo. I. 14* JuniL 1^9

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Laacajicr, which was ordered to lie upon the Table tjil the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heand, by their Counfei, thereupon, if they think fit.

Weaver A Petition of Charles Cholmondeley, of Vale-Royal, in Navigation. ^e County of Cke/ler, Esquire, and Maynxvaring

Spinster, Sifter and Heiress of Arthur Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; fcttiDg forth, That the Petitioners late Uncle, Francis Cholmondeley, Esquire, deceased, was, about Five-and-twenty Years ago, put to fb great an Expence in fmking a Brine-pit, and erecting a Salt-work, in the County of Chester, that he laid out a great Part of his Fortune, and leased out his sea) Estate, for Three Lives, under a small reserved Rent, in order to raise Money for the fioHhing and completing the said Salt-works j and the Petitioners, who are now the Owners thereof, will be deprived of making any further Profit, if the Bill depending, for making the ttiver Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Nortkwych, in the said County, do pass into a Law; which, by giving the Projectors of this Design, and a few Proprietors of Itock and White Salt in and about

wych aforesaid, an Opportunity of monopolizing the whole Trade of Salt among themselves, rnuft inevitably ruin this Branch of the Petitioners Estate, which pays great Sums of Money to the Crown by the Duties anting from the same: And praying to be heard, by their Counfei, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northziych, in the County of is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counfei, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Farmers and Freeholders in the Hundred of Bucklow, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge* to Nortlncych, in the said County; which, if k passes, the Petitioners will be deprived of employing the mfclvesand Servants in carrying Coals in the Summer-time to their own Houses, with which they supply toe Wyches hi-the Winter: And praying, Timt the Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to toe Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Nortkwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counfei, before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Burgesses of Newton in Macherfeik!, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, mid of the Freeholders, LeafehoLders, and Farmers, of Two-and twenty-. Townships in the said Fee, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill, now depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frod-tham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester; which Bill, if it passes. will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by Counfei, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That toe.fetid Petition be referred to -the Confederation of toe Committee, to whom the Bill for -making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Nortkwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counfei, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think-tit.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants, -and other Traders in Rock-Salt, Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, and Ports edjaoent, was presented to toe House, and read; setting - forth. That the making the ‘River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Nor in the County of Chester, Vo L. 18.

will be of great Service, not only to that Bart of the County of Chester, but to mapy Counties and Corporations in Great Britain, and particularly to this City, and the neighbouring Parts: And praying, That the fend Bjjl may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refected to the Considerution of the Committee, to whom the Bib for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge to Nortkwych, hi the County of Chester, is committed.

A Petition of the Prtfaners for Debt in the Gaol for Debtor* the County of Hertford was presented to the House, and Petition, read; setting forth, That the Petitionees are dofely cod-fined, and several of them for Four, Five, and Six Years; and, having no Allowance, they rely only on the Charity of well-disposed Christians.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Freemen, CUndeftin* and Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the of

County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties, by reason of the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn being continually carried to and

other foreign Parts, from Ireland, where several Ships of Wool, bound to France, have of late been seized; and that the clandestioc Runner saves the Duty, which is at least Twenty Pounds per Centum, which the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay; by means whereof, the Woollen Manufacture of this Nation fullers under great Hardships, and is in Danger of being loft; And praying to take such Measures to prevent the like.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, who are to consider the Laws io being for preventing the exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how toe same may be made ' more effectual.

A Petition of Adrian Vanbraehle and Thomas Sikeh, of goferm by London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and Fire in read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having sustained Thames-a considerable Loss of French and Spanish Wines by the 1 ree ' late dreadful Fine in Thames-street: And praying to import Wines, or other Goods, Custom-free, so as the Customs thereof amount to toe Duties of the Wines destroyed in the said Fire; the Duty on the Spanish Wines being already paid, and that of toe French Wines is secured to he paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to toe Confederation of the Committee, who are to consider of the Petition of the several Merchants on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarfapa-riila, by the late dreadful Fire in T/umes-street And that they do examine the Matter of Fa6t; and report the same to the House.

A Petition of Robert Honywood Esquire, was presented Essex to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election. Election for the County of Essex, the Petitioner, and William Harvey senior, Esquire, stood Candidates: That many Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Harvey who had no Right so to do; and other illegal Practices were ufod for the said Mr. Harvey; by which means he has fvocured himself to be returned; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a legal Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the PremHes.

Ordered, T’bat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, wkh their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wed-mjdtty the Thirteenth Day of July next;

X x A Motion

Monmouth

Borough

Election*

Taunton

Election*

Weobly

Election.

Insolvent Debtors.

Paterson'i Claims on Equivalent.

Trenchant's

EAats.

170 14® — 15* jFuftii. A. 1715.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of , which was ad-

journed until this Day, be disch&rged}

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellere for ,he Ye"^Mr. sHZLrth: } 1 °3-

Te..erefor theNoesjf"". ] 94.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clerk of the Crown attending with the Return for the Borough of Monmouth;

The same was read; and appeared to be made by the Mayor of Newport, and several Burgesses of Monmouth, Newport, and Ujk, without the Precept from the Sheriff of the County of Monmouth being annexed thereto.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take the said Return off the File.

And he took the same off accordingly.

And the House being acquainted, That the Mayor of Monmouth was in Town, with the Return for the said Borough annexed to the Precept to him directed;

Ordered, That the Mayor of the Borough of do forthwith deliver to the Clerk of the Crown the Return, with the Precept annexed, of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Clerk of the Crown do annex the same to the Writ returned by the Sheriff of the County of Monmouth.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton, which were to be heard this Day, be heai’d at the Bar of this House upon Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Weobly, which were appointed to be heard at the Bar of the House upon Thursday next, be heard upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bracebridge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 150 die Junii;

Anno l® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pbaters.

AN ingrossed Bill for relieving William

Esquire, out of the Equivalent, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for relieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent, for what is due to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Broderick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Lands deviled by the last Will and Testament of Thomas Tren-24

chard Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Thomas Miller Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of several Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, in behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, the Importation of Commodities, Part of the Duties are generally bonded; the Goods are exported; and the Importers arc thereby intitled to the Customs, to be repaid them by Debenture, in order to discharge the Bonds; but they are from Four Months to Six Months before the Debentures pass the proper Offices; and the Crown allows no Interest for the fame; and the Bonds Handing out againfr the Petitioners, where the greatest Part of the Principal is discharged, are against Peiibns which have been Security for others, that, by Mis for-. tunes, are become dead, or insolvent: And the Wine-Merchants are the chief Exporters of Corn, for which they are intitled to a Bounty by Debenture; many of their Bonds w’ere paid by Certificates and Debentures, on which the Crown allowed no Interest, though they were as long due as the Bonds they discharged; and the Petitioners applied to Parliament, for the Discharge of those Bonds, in 1703; and a Bill passed the House of Commons for the fame; but was rejected by the Lords: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in to relieve them in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fa6t; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Sir John Ward, Mr. Hesham, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Wm. Mr. Carter,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Barrington Mr. Vernon,

Sir John Cope, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Newport, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Farrer, Colonel,

Mr. Boteler, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Yopge, Mr. Jjmdon, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Wyld, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Brace, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Powlett, General Rosse, Mr. Plumptree, General Harvey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Mr. Inge, Mr.

Nevi/l, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Denton, Mr. Swift, Sir John Pakington, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Drake, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bere, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Sir Parker,

Air. Freman, Mr. Britisfe, Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Thompson,

Sir Wm.Lewen, Mr. Allafon, Sir Richard Steel, Mr.

Banks, Sir Samuel Leonard, Mr. Bromley, Mr Mr. Curzon, Mr. Eden, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Currance; and all that serve for the County of dlesex, London, and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Hamond, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being a considerable Trader, for Twenty Years last past, in Wines, and other Merchandizes; and has paid the Crown, for Customs, 100,000l.; and, by great Misfortunes, was forced to abscond; and, at that time, was indebted to the Crown, for Customs, 6,987/. 8*. 9 id.;and soon after his Perifon and Effects were seized, and he made a full Discovery of his Effects before the Sheriff of Surry’, and the Account of what was paid to Mr. Fern, the Receiver-General of the Customs, of his and Sureties Effects, amounts to 4*783 /. 5 s. 5f d.: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in to impower tlse Commissioners of the Treasury to compound with the Petitioner for such Debts as are due from him for Customs.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Tobacco,

bonded

Duties.

Hamoixfs Debt to the Crown.

i Geo. I. 15* — 160 Junii. 171

Clandtftint Export of Wool.

Expiring

Laws.

Committee of Secrecy.

St. Alban's, Jcc. Road.

Supply.

Endowing poor Rectories, &c.

Ways and Means*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, in behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties or the fame, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fad; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made mote effectual; That they do consider of proper Methods for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactory.

Ordered, That all that come to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring; and to report which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider the Act of the Twelfth Year of Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be lent; and report their Opinion to the House what Part of the said Act is fit to be continued, or made more effectual, and w hat is fit to be repealed.

Mr. JValpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the Persons taken into Custody, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Ninth Instant, may be examined in the most solemn Manner, according to former Precedents.

Ordered, That such Members of the Committee of Secrecy, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do examine Matthew Prior Esquire, and Tho. Harley Esquire, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, at the said Committee, touching Matters contained in the several Books and Papers referred to them.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Highways through the several Panlbes of Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South in the

Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, That they do provide in the said dill, That the same do extend to the far-theft Part of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the said County of Hertford.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Inclosures.of some Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Voju 18.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing, the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege.' Thomas Green, John Gilbourn, Edmund Thomas

Sullivan, James Fitz-Gerrald, John Conor, John Condon,

Teige Cronen, and John Hadderman, have entered upon the Possessions of Sir William Courteney Baronet, a Mem-

ber of this House, in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and driven out the Cattle of his Tenants, cut down Woods, and done other Spoils to the said Estate; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; ]

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts> 16° die J

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Bay and Say Weavers Colchester in Colchester, in the County of on behalf of Woollen

themselves, and several Hundreds of the same Trade, was Manufacture. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by reason of the late Peace, our Trade is "much decayed; and several Persons using the Trade of Weaving within the said Town, employs more Apprentices than by Law they ought, and other unlawful Helps: And the Petitioners, and several Hundreds of Families, are reduced to extreme Poverty, for want of Employment; and that almost all of the unlawful Helps are capable of maintaining themselves by spinning, <yc.: And praying, That a Clause may be added to the Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, of the Woollen Manutafture of mixed or medley Broad-Cloths for the Relief and Benefit of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to examine the Matter of Fad; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Ducane,

Mr. White, Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Gregory,

Sir Richard Farington, Sir Henry Sir Wm.

Haines, Sir Tho. Hales, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. London,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Inge, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Tracers, Sir John Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Tvfnell, Mr. Heath, Mr.

Drake, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Barrington Shute; and all that serve for the Counties of Fjffex, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Edward Vaughan Esquire, have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordi- Absence. nary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of Chester was W«wer presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Navigation, there is a Bill depending for making the River Weaver navigable, in the County of Chester; which, if it passes, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying,

That the Bill may be rejected.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders in Wool, of ciawfeftino the Town of Biddaford, was presented to the House* and Export of read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Wool and Yam was formerly imported into this Harbour from Ireland; but, of late Years, that Trade has been funk, by the great Advance of Wool there; which is occasioned by the

Quantities

tjt

16* Junii.

A. 1715.

Wtobly

Election.

Sufferer by Fire in Thames* street.

Quantities of Mxfl that is clandestin^y runned; which, at lead, is Twenty Pounds per Centum laved on the Duty, and the fair Exporter for England is obliged to pay: And praying. That speedy Methods may be taken to prevent the Exportation of Wool from Ireland,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-flderation of the Committee, who are to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

Meyer's Nat. Mr. London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Herman Meyer: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bffl be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Saturday Morning next, with the Return for the Borough of Wcobly, in the County of Hereford.

A Petition of Tho. Minett was presented to the House, and read; fatting forth. That the Petitioner did, some time before the late Fire in Thames-street, import Eight-and-forty Hogsheads of French Wines, for which he paid /. 610. 15$. 3 d. Duty at the Custom-house; and did also import Seventy-fiye Hogsheads more of French Wines, for which he paid 953. 18 A,d. Duty; and that Thirteen Hogsheads of the said Wines, besides the Calks, were burnt and destroyed in the said Fire; by which the Petitioner sustained a very great Loss: And praying, That the Petitioner may import a Quantity of Wine, or other Goods, free of Duties, to the Amount of his Loft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of die Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarsaparilla, by the late dreadfol Fire in Thames-street is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Elections for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Suffer, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow: viz.

Upon the Petition of the honourable Arthur Ingram and Arthur Ingram, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Harry Goring Barouet, and Charles Eversfeild Esquire, for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Suffer:

That it was agreed, That Horsham is a Borough by Prescription; and that only Burgage-Tenants in Fee, or for Life, have a Right of voting:

But the Sitting Members Counsel insisted, It was e'flen-tially necessary they should be presented by the Homage-Jury: Which was denied by the Petitioners Counsel.

Jo. Wicker senior, Esquire, said, He was Bailiff 35 Years ago: That all Burgage-Tenants had a Right to be of the Homage; and none were ever refused till within these Six or Seven Years, during which time, one of the Sitting Members, has been Foreman of the Jury (who present), and the other has been Steward of the Borough (who admits), the Burgage-Tenants; and they have altered the ancient Usage of presenting and admitting all Burgage-Tenants, and taken such as would be for them, though they had no Right, and refused others who were against them, though they had a Right:

Being croft-examined, he said, That, at all Elections, the Voters were called over by the Burgage-Roll, and none others were, or could be, polled; because, till of late Years, none who had a Right were ever refused to be presented by the Homage:

Horsham

Election.

But he conceived all BurgagC-Tenants in Fee, or far Life, had a Right of voting, whether admitted by the Steward, or not; and gave an instance of a Pferlbn allowed to vote in the last Election but one, who had been refused by the Homage: And said, The Two Bailiffs of the Borough are appointed by the Steward, out of Four Persons nominated by the Homage.

That the Sitting Members Counsel called,

Mr. Thomas ryke, Mr. Nat. Sturt, Thomas White Esquire, Nat. Tredcroft Efauire, and Mr. John Warden-: Who spoke for 25 and 30 Years, and upwards; and said. That only Burgage-Tenants in Fee, or for life, had a Right to vote; and that it had always been usual, just before Elections, to summon all Burgage-Tenant6 to a Court-Baron, where the Homage present all new Titles; and they never knew any refused to be of the Homage who had a Right, except in some few Instances of late, when a great Number have appeared: That, at all Elections, the Voters were called over by the Burgage-Roll; and none others ever voted, or pretended to vote, except m a tingle instance or Two, to the contrary;

They thought a Presentment by the Homage was necessary, and, without it, a Person had no Right to vote; ‘ but they never knew this point contested: They-gave Instances of Candidates at several Elections, who were of this Opinion; and that this was the Opinion alto of a former Steward, who was an ancient Man.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to servein Parliament for the Borough of Horsham in the County of Suffer, is in all such Persons as have an Estate of Inheritance, or for Life, in Burgago-Houses, or Burgage-Lands, lying within the said Borough:

That the Poll was;

For Sir Harry Goring Baronet - - 33:

Mr. Eversfeild - - - - 36:

The honourable Arthur Ingram - 33:

Arthur Ingram - - - - 28:

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, That the Number for the honourable Mr. Ingram being equal with Sir Harry Goring, he had an equal Right to be returned, and took notice of the not returning him as an Instance of Partiality in the Bailiffs:

They objected against Nine of the Sitting Members Voters; and alleged, they should add 15 to the Petitioners Poll;

To take Ralph Linfeild from the Sitting Members; and add Theobald Mitchel, Clerk, to the Petitioners P°n:

That the Petitioners Counsel produced a Conveyance in 1697, by Leafeand Release, from Doctor Robert Coe . to John Linfeild, and his Heirs, of a Tenement, Garden, Orchard, Gates, and a Croft belonging; and afterwards in the same Deed, the same Gates are excepted out of the Grant, and reserved to the Grantor (Dr. Coe), and his Heirs: In 1702, Linfeild, in the same manner, conveyed to Harvey; and, 15 January 1714, Harvey, in the same manner, conveyed to Mitchel:

In 1698, the Homage presented Coe to One entire Burgage after his said Conveyance to Linfeild:

It was proved, That Mr. Harvey had left the Croft; that he voted in 1702, 1705, 1707, and 1708:

That Ralph Linfeild, who is objected to, was, in April »705, presented by the Homage to the aforesaid Gates (being Burgage-Ground), as a Purchaser thereof from John Linfeild, who purchased the same in 1702 from Dr. Robert Coe; and the Homage apportioned Ralph Linfeild'% Rent at Two Pence; the whole Rent Twelve Pence: And,

That Receipts were produced of Mr. Harveys Payment of a Borough Rent of 1 s. per Annum, for Seven Years laftpaft, for his Burgage-House and Croft:

That, on the Sitting Members ' Side, it was infilled That the Right of voting is for these Gates, which was a Timber-Yard; and that they' were expressly excepted out of all the Conveyances on the Petitioners Side: And to

justify

V

i Geo. I.

f6?Junik

justify Ralph Linfedd's Vote' fot’ the1' ^tting-Mem-' hers: 1

They produced Conveyance^ in Fee of these Gates;

vtx.

' From Dr*. Robert Coe to Join 1702; and from John Linfeild to Ralph ’ in 1705: And

- George Bridget' laid. Dr. Coe voted for the Gates, after lie had fold the House to John Linfeild: And, ft appeared by the Returns, That, in 1705, 1707, and 1708, Ralph Linfeild voted, as well as Mr. Harvey:

To which the Petitioners Counife! replied, That these Gates passed on their Side by Dr. Coe's First Conveyance, in 1697; for that the Exception, in that Deed, of these Gates being subsequent to the Grant thereof by the same Deed, is a void Exception.

given a Note under his Hand to ffe-cortvey, upon Payment of Principal and Interest, in Six Months:

It was also proved, That old Hargrave was upon the Homage in October last; to which he had no other Title, but this Estate; and from thence the Petitioner Counsel inferred. That Mr. Eversfeild had not Possession; and consequently could not make a Vote:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel produced an absolute Conveyance from Mr.; Eversfeild to Reynolds for his Life, dated 24th January last: But the Withal to the Deed said. He did not fee any Money paid.

To take Richard^ Vincent from the Sitting-Members, and add by prior Title, to the Petitioners Poll; ’

The Petitioners Counsel produced a Presentment By* To take John 1 Valter from the Sitting-Members, and the Homage of by Purchase from Natka-

add Geo. Booker for the Petitioners; nael Sturtand his Wife, in 1702:

Dated 27 th and 28 th Jan. 1714, a Conveyance of That it appeared by die Returns, That Ayhoari voted an entire Burgage, called Pollard’s Croft, from Arthur n 1702, 1705, 1707, and 1708.

Rowland to Booker, for his Life, was produced: And, John Hall laid, That Vincent is One of the Bailiffs;

Samuel Chambers said. Waller was only Tenant to Row-. and that he voted for this Burgage in the last Election but land; and that Walter is in Possession. One:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel objected, That this That the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to Aykoard

Conveyance to Booker was after the Teste of the Writs: for want of his Title Deeds: They alleged, He had not And they produced a prior Title in Waller, by Prfefent- voted fiface 1708;

ment hi 170 2, as a Purchaser for Life from Arthur And produced a Presentment of Vincent,a Purchaser, Roioltmd, who was then upon the Homage: And, in 1713, from John Bridger, who purchased from Na>->

Michael Walter and John Clarke said, That/Fi tiler has thanacl Sturt; taking notice, That the Deeds, formerly:

voted for this Burgage 10 Years; that nobody else had made to by Sturt, had been delivered up: -

been presented or voted for it; acid (hat he had served - The Conveyance from Bridger to Vincent was pro-Bailiff: To which duced: And,

The Petitioner’s Counsel objected, for want of pro-' Geo. Arnold said, That Sturt's making the former ducing a Conveyance to Waller. Title to Aykoard 'was only to give him a Vote; and that

To take Robert Hall junior from the Sitting-Members, Security was taken for delivering up that Title; which and add Robert Hall senior for the Petitioners; was accordingly done, upon the giving back that Section 1714, the Petitioners Counsel produced’a rity.

Presentment, that Henry' Scut died seised in^ Fee; that ‘was objected to,- as having no Title: The

Mary his Widow, who was intitled to heir Thirds, fiir-tiving her Daughter Amty the Wife of Robert Hall senior, the Homage were of Opinion the Premises ought to have descended.to Robert junior, upon his Grandmother's Death; and that Robert senior ought not to hold by the Courtesy, his Wife not having been foie seised: Which the Petitioners Counsel denied to be Law:

Mr. Wider said, That Hall senior is in Possession, add has been fb above 30 Years; and has all along voted; and that he did not know Scult's Widow ever was in Possession; but had heard. That Hall senior did pay her something of a Rent for her Thirds:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel - alleged this to be January last:

Tenant said, He paid his Rent to Mr. King:

T he Sitting-Members Counsel produced a Conveyance in 1712, from King to Lee, for- K Life ;and aPre-fentment of-King thereupon.

John Middleton Esquire, was objected to/as a Iplh Vote His Title appeared to be Part of a House purchased in 1710:

John Par fans, the Tenant in Possession, laid, The former Owner of this Part of the House never voted.

John Warden was objected to for Bribery:

It was proved he was pressed for an old Debt of 50/. j* and that the Sitting-Members gave their Bond for it in

an Inheritance of the Grandmother, who outlived her Daughter, the Wife of Robert Hall senior; and therefore he could not be Tenant by the Courtesy:

And it appeared, by Copies of the Register, That Hall's Wife was buried in 1682; and her Mother in 1684.

Geo. Bridger was objected to as a split Vote, made under Sturt .* ->

To which it was answered, That: the Division was before the Statute:

Mr. Wicker, on the Petitioners Side, feid Bridger desired Sturt to make him a Vote, only to feve him from being Constable; and promised to re-convey; and believed Bridger paid nothing:

Being crols-examined, he fold, Bridger had voted, and bad been Bailiff of the Town.

To take John Reynolds from the Sitting-Members, and add Arthur Ingram Esquire, to the Petitioners Poll,

Reynolds was objected to, as voting by a Tide from his Master. Mr. Eversfeild, who had only a Mortgage from John Hargrave, deceased, dated 1 ith - and \2tk\Januarp 1714;

The Petitioners Counsel produced an absolute Conveyance in Fee, by Lease ami Release, from the Heir of Hargrave, to the Petitioner Arthur Ingram, of Berriby,

Esquire: And,

It was proved, That, upon tins . Conveyance, Mr. Ingram had offered to pay off Mr. Eversfeild, who bad gage-TcuanUj . V01.. 18.

On the Sitting-Members Side, it was alleged, That Warden owed them a greater Sum, for the fake of which they advanced this; and thereupon took a Security for the whole Debt: And,

A Copy of a Judgment was produced, confessed by Warden to the Sitting-Members in Hilary Term last, defeaianced on Payment of 330/. lent, with Interest. .:

To add William Pajhto the Petitioners PoU; ,

A Conveyance to him was. produced, dated 5* and 6° Januarii last:

Which the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to, as executed after the Teste of the Writs. - ';

To add Arthur Rowland senior to the Petitioners Poll;

A Presentment by the Homage, in 1699, him., as a Purchaser in Fee, was produoed; and he was proved to be in Possession of Six whole Burgesses; and Mr. Eyerfa fetid, in November, last, made him very consideraote Offers for their Votes:

The Sitting-Members Counsel objected, for want of producing a Conveyance to Riaoland.

To add Thomas Shepherd to the Petitioners Poll; Richard Curtis said,.- Shepherd's father and Grapd* father bad formerly a Plot of Land; but.he could not say, they, or any one else, had voted for it:

A Rent-Roll in 1674. is; produoed; wherein Shepherd’s Grandfather’s Nrnoe js ia forte d.atqong the Bar*

yY

Q»

Hortfiam

U4Hm.

ffrffflnwr

CUAioo.

174

On the Sitting-Members side, 1

Geo. Bridger lit id, He knew Father had a

Burgage-IIoule, for which he voted; and had no other Burgage; and that Mr. Wicker junior now voted for it, as his House.

To add Richard Curtis junior to the Petitioner’s Poll;

Dat in August 1713, a Conveyance of the Geo. Mead from Mr. Yates to Curtis, for his Life, was pro-dttoed; agd it appeared, That Yates was admitted to feve-

rtl Burgages, Two of which are called The George: Richard Luckiy said, fie had paid Rent to for the Georgi Mpad within a Year past:

Be£qg crois-exatnined, he laid, T^at he had known this Mead 50 Years; and never heard, that any one had voted for it; hut believed it to he Burgage-Tenure:

The SiUtQg^ Members Counsel objeCbed, No Proof was made of any Money paid by Curtisand the Witness to fete Conveyance find. He did not remember any paid.

To add John Napper to the Petitioners Poll;

A Conveyance from Sarah Somerset, in November last, to him for ms life, if lhe so long lived, was produced; a former Conveyance in 1713, from her to him, fix his own life absolutely, was also produced: And

John HaU laid, The Homage rejected that former Conveyance, because not limited to the life of Sarah:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel infilled, She had dwelled herself by the First Conveyance, which was nought; and that nothing passed by the Second.

loadd Five others to the Petitioners Poll; viz. Thomas Huffey, Edward Stanford, Thomas John

Hall? and Thomas Popewho claimed by Titles from Richard Lintot;

The Petitioners Counsel produced a Copy of a Survey of the Manor, taken in the Year 1650; whereby John Lktiofi Holding is found to be Five Burgages and a Half: And,

In 1683, a Preferment of Richard as Heir of his Father John, to Three Messuages, and certain Lands, called Goals Lands; Rent 5. 6: And,

Dat. 11th and 12th August 1713, the several Conveyances for Life, by Lease and Release from Richard -tot, under which these Voters claimed:

The Sitting-Members Counsel observed^That all these Conveyances were made the same Day; and ob-’ jelled to them as split Votes, and fraudulent; and called,

Robert Lord, Edward Tupp, and Mr. John JVicker junior: Who laid, They are Tenants to Mr. Lintot of several Parts of these Lands; and do constantly pay their Rents to him:

It was proved, That all the Persons, who the Petitioners would add to their Poll, had been rejected by the Homage; and had tendered their Votes for the Petitioners.

On the Head of ill Practices, the Petitioners Counsel called,

Geo. Booker: Who laid, That Mr. Richard one of the Bailiffs, had declared. They would return the Sitting-Members, though the Petitioners should have a Majority.

" It was proved, That Mr. John an Agent for the Sitting-Members, the Night before the Election, took John Burstow in Execution, upon a dormant Judgment of il* Anne, and that, upon the Election-Day, he had cfiufed Mr. Wicker senior to be arrested in several Actions, and held him to Bail: And,

Mr. Rowland, the Plaintiff in One of those Actions, denied any Privity to the Arrell of Mr. Wicker in his Niunc 1

John Pilford laid, Sir Harry Gor 'mgk\\6te& his Brother's Vote; and, when he round he could not depend upon it, they were served with a Declaration in Ejedinent upon the Demile of Sir Harry, to turn them out of their Shop:

Being crols-exarained, he laid, He paid but 12/. a ‘Year Kent; that his Landlord had told him, Sir Harry Gonng would give 15/.; and offered it the Witness at

fund. A. 1715.

that Rent; which he declining, his Landlord acquainted him some time after. That he had lett the Shop to Sir Harry for 21 Years, at 15L Rent: He owned the Shop had no Vote; and that he had not been turned out: Proceedings are (laid, by Agreement, till Lady-Hay 1716; and the Matter is in a Way of Accommodation.

In relation to the Complaint of taking Burstow in Execution, and arresting Mr. Wicker;

It was proved, Burstow was presently discharged out of Custody; and that former Procefo had been several times taken out against Mr. Wicker, by feme of the same Plaintiffs, and others; and that he was not then to be met with: It was also proved. That Mr. had Direc-

tions from the Plaintiffs, for whom he was concerned; and that other Persons were concerned in the other Causes.

The Petitioners Counsel admitted the Debts, for which Mr. Wicker was arrested, were just; but complained of the Arrests, for being at the time of Election; though it appeared, That neither Wicker, nor Burfiow, were deprived of voting:

John Day, the Bailiff who arrested them, find, He was sent down by Mr. Orltan, with Orders to follow Mr.

fetid's Directions, which he did accordingly; and, pursuant to such Directions, he took Burfiow on the Friday Night before the Election; and could have then also taken Mr. Wicker; but Hyfeild bid him not take him then: On the Election-Day, directed him to

take Wicker; and he did lo.

That the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to 17 of the Petitioners Voters; and alleged they would add Four to their own Poll:

They alleged, That the honourable Haary Esquire, had not a good Tide; for that he claimed under Richard Eade, deceased, whole Estate defceoded to his

Two Daughters:

They produced a Presentinent in last of Mr.

Lngram, by Conveyance from Sarah, the Widow of Richard Eade, to whom he had deviled his Burgage to be sold; and objected, That, if the Will was produced, which they had required, it would appear, the Daughter! had the Right:

They objected against Richard Lintot, That he had divided his Burgages into split Votes, and, having no distinct Burgage left, bad no Vote for himself:

William Briggs was otyected to, as voting for The George; for which Curtis senior also voted:

It appeared. That The George was Two Burgages, and was separated in 1702, and the Rent apportioned.

Samuel Coffin, Henry Howes, and were

objected to, as voting under a Trull; but none appeared:

It was proved, Inat Richard Pilford, and -

flow, had confessed Promiles, from the Lord Irwin, Of Places for their Votes: And Burjlow laid, His Lordship had paid 50/. fix him.

Abraham Newnhanf* Title appeared to be a Moiety

of a Burgage, to which he was admitted in 1680, and the Rent was then apportioned.

Michah Waller laid, That Benjamin Borer voted for Part of an Orchard, to which he had no Title: The Witness has been in Pofiession 12 Years; and he and the former Owner have voted.

It was proved, That John Gratwick junior had only a colourable Title.to vote; and was under a Bond to reconvey upon Request; and that he voted for Mr. fetid, and the honourable Mr. Ingram.

William Griffith laid, He beard John Smith declare, above a . Year ago, That the Lord Irwin gave him a Quarterm&fier’s Place; but did not fey upon what Consideration it was given.

Robert Hedger was objected to, on account of the-, uncertainty of his Burgage:

In 1702, the Homage Presentment of him is, as Heir of his Father, to a certain Burgage-Tenure, which they cannot describe.

John Clarke laid, Henry Grombridge voted fix Part of Lintot's Mead*.

Wm\

i Geo. I.

Wm. Kempster laid, Joshua Guilford voted for Part of Catharine hotter’sHouse.

Richard Sayres was objected to, as voting for Mr. Goodyer s House:

It was proved by the Tenants, That they pay their Rent constantly to Goodyer: And,

Mr. Goodyer laid, He has Security from Sayres to re-convey; said that he made him only a colourable Title to vote, upon the Two Mr. s Solicitation; and

promised, That he should have 30 L for it.

John Wicker junior, Esquire, was objected to, as claim* ing under Shepherd’s Widow; whereas ihe had no Title: And,

It appeared, That, in 1699, Thomas Sheppard was presented by the Homage to a Burgage, as Heir to his father:

Nat. Sturt and Sam. Blunt averred, That the House, for which John Wicket' senior, Esquire, voted, was settled on his Son, upon his Marriage, Three Years ago; and that the Son is in Possession.

To add Four to the Sitting-Members Poll; viz. Philip Lutman, John Tmgler, Thomas Bryan, and John Blake; who were proved to have tendered their Votes, and were refuted; because not admitted by the Homage;

Their Title-Deeds were produced; viz.

hut mans in Fee, dated 19th and 20th January last;

Ungers for Life, dab 26th January last;

Bryan’s, for Life of a Third Person, dated is* Aug. 1713: And,

Blake’s in Fee, dab to* and 11* 1713.

On the Head of Bribery, and ill Practices;

It was proved, That Mr. Thomas Harvey confessed he had fold his House to the Lord Irwin for 3501.; very nigh Three times as much as it cost him.

Henry longhurst and Richard mentioned

Offers to them by Mr. Wickers senior, and Lord Irwin, to vote for the Petitioners; but they voted for the Sitting-Members.

That then the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to the Qualification given in by the Petitioner Arthur Ingram, of Hills, Esquire, amounting to 371 /. 4*. per Annum; and charged to be 330 /. per Annum above Reprifces and Incumbrances:

One Part thereof is the Palace of York, leased to the Petitioner from that See, for his own and Two other Lives, and mentioned, in the Particular, to be lett out in several Tenements at 115 /. 1 s. per Annum; excepting an Apartment, Long Gallery, Garden, and Appurtenances in haind: Which being charged at 201, per Annum;

The Sitting-Members Counsel objected to that particular Article, as an Overcharge; and urged, That the Rent reserved to the See of York ought also to be considered, by way of Deduction:

The rest of the Qualification is an Estate for Life; conveyed from the other Petitioner by Lease and Release, dat. 23* and 24* December last, for 2,000l.:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel objected to this Part of the Qualification, for want of actual Payment of the Consideration-money: And they called,

Mr. John Hand, a Witness to the Conveyance: Who laid, That no Part of the Consideration-money was paid; but a Bond given for the Whole, payable in Six Months, as he remembered the Time.

That the Petitioners Counsel, on their Reply, observed. That no Part of the Qualification had been falsified; and that it was of iuificient Value, above the 20 /. per Annum in hand:

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Harry Goring Baronet, is not duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Eversfeild Esquire, is not duly eteSed a

Vol. 18.

» 175

Bingefi to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Horsham.

Rejoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Honourable Arthur Ingram Esquire, isduly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That Arthur Ingram Esquire, is duly elected a Bmgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the find Borough of Horsham.

Horiham

Ekaioa.

The First of the fidd Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for foe Borough of Horsham, in the County of Suffer, is in all such Periods as have an Estate of Inheritance, or for life, in Bur-gage-Houses, or Burgage-Lands, lying within foe laid Borough.

The.....find Reiblutions, being severally read a

Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That foe Clerk of foe Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend foe Return for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, by rating out foe Names of Sir Harry Goring Baronet, and Charles Eversfeild Esquire, and inserting foe Names of foe Honourable Arthur Ingram and Arthur Ingram,

Esquires, instead thereof.

Resolved, That John Linjeild, Attorney at Law, has been guilty of divers illegal and unjustifiable Practices, in relation to the late Elefition of Members to serve in Parliament for foe Borough of Horsham, in foe County of Suffer.

Ordered, That the said John Litf be, for his laid

Offence, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported from the Aldborough Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for foe Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Molesworth and John Holt,

Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Henry Johnjbn Knight, and William Johtion Esquire, for foe Iforough of Aldborough, in foe County of Suffolk:

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, This is a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in foe Bailiffs and Burgesses resident in foe Borough:

That the Sitting-Members Counsel alleged it to be a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in foe Bailifis, Burgesses, and Freemen at large:

That & Charter of Edward the Sixth was produced, reciting this to be a Borough; and from thenceforth incorporating the same, and foe Inhabitants in the iaid Borough, by Name of Bailifis and Burgesses; with Power to make Ordinances for Government of the said Borough, and any of the King’s Subjects wholly resident; or not wholly resident, there; the Preamble of which Charter mentions it to be granted ob singularem amorem Regis erga tenentes et inhabit antes burgi:

4 Jac. I. a Charter of Incorporation, de novo, by the Name of Bailifis and Burgesses; creating and constituting prisnos et modernos ballivos, et primes et modemos caps-tales burgenjes, with farther Privileges:

In 1657,an Order in foe Town-Book, excluding Out-Burgesses and Foreigners from Commomng in foe Town-Marsh; because they did not contribute to any publick Charge in foe Corporation;

In 1661, a Return by Bailiffs, Buigefles, and Commonalty, under the Common Seal;

In

i6<’~I7° Junii. A. 1715.

In 1^69, a Retom by One Bailiff arid Five Burgesses, under their Hands and Seals:

Sarah Hills said, She was at the Election in 1661; and that none but Inhabitants then voted; but that (he was not in the Town-hall during the whole Election: That ihe knew all the Persons, who signed the Return in 1669, were Inhabitants: That (he had been at several Elections since, where none , but Inhabitants voted; and that formerly no others claimed to vote: '

Rose Bechet, being called, said, She knew nothing of

Elections; but had been threatened and abuied by one Osborne:

Thomas Richas said, That none but Inhabitant-Burgestes voted in 1669, when there was but One Candidate: That the Town-Burgesses have Privileges in the Town-Marshes, which the Out-Burgesses have not:

John Postle said, The Out-Burgesses do not do watch

and ward.

That, on the Sitting-Members Side,

Wm. Robinson laid, He had known the Borough 50

Years: In all his Time, the Freemen at large voted; and he never knew any Out-Burgesses refuted: Himself lived out of Town 20 Years, and voted in all Elections in that time: The Out-Burgesses serve Town-Offices, and are annually called over by Roll, as well as the resident Freemen, upon Election of Bailiffs and chief Burgesses: and are fined for Non-appearance: ,

He named Four Out-Burgesses, who, he said, voted in 1669; viz. Newport, Gafford, Shepherd, and Porter.

- Thomas Wills, Edward Wall, and Dawson, spoke

*067, 55, and 18 Years; in which time, they said, Out-Burgesses had always voted without Refusal; and that they are annually called over upon the Election of Bailiffs and chief Burgesses: and had been sometimes elected into the Offices of Constable, Chamberlain, Aldermen,' and Bailiffs.

' That it appeared by the Journals of the House,

That 1* Dec. 1691, Mr. Johnson, w ho was chose by the Freemen at large, was determined by the Committee, and by the House also, to be duly elected: And,

23* Dec. 1709, it was resolved by the Committee, and agreed to by the House, Nemine That the'

Right of Election is in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Freemen not receiving Alms.

The Petitioners' Counsel alleged, on their Reply, That, in those Contests, there was but: very little, or no, Evidence to be had against the Members who were then returned.

And that the Committee came to the following Refb-lutions; ’

i Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ald in the County of Suffolk, is not in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Bailiffs and Burgesses resident within the said Borough, and not receiving Aims.

; That, the Poll was,

For the Sitting-Members - - 46:

the Petitioners - - - 35;

It was proved, That 19 of the Sitting-Members Voters were not resident; and another received Alms:

That the Names of the 19 Persons, who voted for the

Sitting-Members, and were objected to by the Petitioners Counsel, on the Account of Nomresidence, are; viz. Sir Henry Johnson, William Johnson Esquire, John Johnson and AlexanderBence, Esquires, Wm. Howell, Edward Lark, Kavet Gray, Geo. Lyle, Thomas.

Meadows, Richard Lafoley, Staffe, Edward

Flower, John Wall, Jonathan Norris, Wm. Sparkes, Wm. Betts, Jjhmael Lincoln, and Alexander

Upon which, the Counsel for the Sitting-Members withdrew: And,

The Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That Sir Henry Johnson Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Ihe Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That William Johnson Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for foe said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Molesworth Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Holt Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

The Fil'd Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put; That die House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, is not in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Freemen* of the said Borough, not receiving Alms; " The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

129.

Colonel 7

Mr. Minjhull: j

Teller, for the Noes, { m

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pu^ That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Bailiffs and Burgesses resident within the said Borough, and not receiving Alms:

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the lajd Resolution, That Sir Henry Johnson Knight, is not duly eleCled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fop the Borough of Aldborough, in the county of,

It passed in the Negative. -:

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Johnson Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve ip this present Parliament for the said Borough;

' It passed in the Negative,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the SuPP,7-whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Lister, Mr. Northy, Mr. Hill, Sufferers by Mr. Peyto, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Shuttleworth, be added to in the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarsaparilla, by the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

V1 eneris, 1 y° die Junii;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715,

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according , north* to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Retlu?

Horfoam, in the County of Sussex. *"*

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of Weaver Namptzrych, in the County of Chester, was presented to Navigation.

17 the

the House, and read; setting forth, That there is .‘a Bill depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge toNorthw in the County of Chester; which Bill, if pafles, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners; and destroy the ancient Salt Trade there: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weavernavigable from Bridge to

Northwych, in the County of , is committed;

And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think lit.

Weaver A Petition of Wm. and Philip Navigation. pfqUjres, Trustees of the Right honourable Charles Lord Gerrard, late BarOn of Gerrard's Bromley, and Lord of Dutton, deceased; and all'o of Thomas Fleetwood Esquire, and Frances his Wife, only Sitter of the said late Lord Gerrard; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for making the River Weaver navigable j which Bill, if pafles, will cause a very great Quantity of the Petitioners Meadow-grounds, lying on both Sides the said River, to be laid under Water: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the BHl for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think lit.

Ditto. A Petition of the poorer Sort of Inhabitants in

Hundred, in the County-Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for making the River naviga-

ble; which Bill, if pafles, will ruin the Land-carriage; and the Petitioners, for want of Employment, w ill perish for w ant of Bread: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northzcyck, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Freeholders, and most considerable Farmers, within the Hundreds of and EddiJ-

bury, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for making the River IVeaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northzcych, in the said County;

which Bill, if pafles, w ill be very injurious to the Petitioners, and against the general Interest of the said Hundreds: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Masters, Merchants of Ships, and Other Traders, of the Town and Port of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River in Cheshire,

is capable of being made navigable; which, if effected, will greatly improve Navigation, the Increase of Water-iiaen, and very much promote the Exportation of Salt to foreign Markets; to the great Advantage of the Kingdom: And praying, That the Bill may puls.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Con-fideira ion of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed. Vox* 18* c

Mr. Grimston presented to the House, according to st Albany Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways through the &<=. Read, several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albans, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South-Minis, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, That, pursuant to Committee ot their Order, Matthew Pryor Esquire, had been Yesterday ^lr^ryTr to examined before the Committee of Secrecy; and, during be commit-, a long Examination, there appeared Matters of such Ira- ted. portance, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, That he may be confined in close Custody; and no Person permitted to come to him.

Ordered, That MatthewPryor Esquire, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be confined in close Custody; and no Person permitted to come to Jiim, without Leave from Mr. Speaker.

A Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samtiel Shep- Dutie* of heard Esquire, and the Executors of the late John James David, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in August 170R, bought, of Henry Bray and John Bowden, Twenty '

Tons and Half of French Prize-Wines, lying at Penryn, and taken by the Ramelly-Gally Privateer of

John Powndwell Commander; and the Petitioners had Bills drawn on them to the Value of 150 I. payable to the Receiver-General of the Customs, for the Duties of the said W ines: And that the Petitioners flopped Nineteen Tons and Three Hogsheads of the said Wines on board the New-Topsham, Wm.Daire Matter, who failed from Falmouth, hound for London, in October following, under Convoy of his Majesty’s Ships the Dover and Sunderland; but was taken hv a French Privateer, in Sight of the Sunderland, and carried into Calais: And prajring, That a Bill, or Clause, may be brought in for vacating the said Bills of Exchange; or, upon Payment of the said Bills, they may import as many Wines, free of all Duties, to the Amount of the Duties so taken, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gods rey, Sir John Ward, Mr.

Heysham, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Mor-rice. Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr . Ai/labie, Mr. Bottler, Mr. Smith, Mr Farrcr, Mr. Bromley, Sir Mr'.

Broderick, Lord Coningsby, M r. Pitt, Sir;

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ncvilt, Sir John Waltcr, Sir -

bury, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Thompson, Sir 7 ho.Johnson, Sir 1 ho.Seamen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Importing to whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for better Preservation of Fish in the River Dee.

The House being moved, That a Clause in the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her late Majesty, intituled,>

An Act for the Increase and better Preservation of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the Counties of -ampton and Wilts, might be read.

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Inftfuftion to the said Committee, That they have Power so receive a Clause to enlarge the Time of Salmon-fishing in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, from the lait Day of J to the First Day of August following. > -

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Stealing Inhabitants of the County of Bedford, was presented to Cattle, the House, and read; setting forth, That a great Number of the Petitioners have fuflfered by Horle dealers j but, if

Z z there

*7° Ju

A. 1715.

Coinage of Halfpence attd Farthing*.

there was same Reward provided for apprehending them, it would in a great Measure prevent the like: And praying, That Provision may be made for the Conviction of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing and punishing the Stealing, or pnlawfol Killing, of Cattle, is committed.

The Hoafe being moved, That the Account of what Proposals have been made, in relation to the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, might be read:

It was read accordingly; and is as follows;

An Account of what Propofols have been made, in relation to the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence, and what has been done thereupon, from the Beginning of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, to the Date hereof; that is to say,

Anno 1703, Abel Slaney, Citizen and Woollen-draper, of London, as principal Undertaker for the coining Halfpence and Farthings in the Reign, of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary; alleging, That he was a v.er^ great Sufferer in the Changing of Tin Halfpence and Farthings for Copper, by Tale; proposed to coin 700 Tons of Copper Halfpence and Farthings in Seven Years, of equal Value, Weight, and Fineness, of the last Halfpence and Farthings, to be melted, rolled, cut, and stamped, at her late Majesty’s Mint in the Tower, subject to a Comptroller to be appointed by her laid late Majesty, and at the Undertaker’s Expence:

In Consideration of such Grant, the said Slaney, for himself and Partners, proposed to give her late Majesty a Fine of 5,000l. and a Rent of 1,000l. per Annum, by Half-yearly Payments; and to be under such Restrictions and Regulations as her laid late Majesty should think reasonable:

Thomas Renda Esquire, E and Daniel

Barton, who were before Partners with the said Slaney in coining the former Halfpence and Farthings, understanding that the said Slaney designed to intitle a new Set of Partners to the Merit of another’s Patent, upon the Terms by him proppied* did petition, That, if her Majesty thought fit to grant a new Patent for making Copper Halfpence and Farthings, Strangers might not reap the Benefit of the Expences they had been at in performing the former Patent, which, they pretended, was done to their Lois; but that they might have some new Patent, paying for the same what was proposed by others.

Anno 1704, William Shepard, Shepard, and George

Freeman, did, in March 1704, petition to have a Patent to impower them to coin Forty or Fifty Tons every Year, for Eight or Ten Years; obliging themselves to make them of English Copper, of equal Weight and Fineness with those then current.

The Fellow-moneyers being poor and needy, and having no Work in the Mint, did, about the same time, petition to the same Effect, That out of the Profits of such Coinage, they might sustain themselves until the Mint was set to Work about Gold and Silver Monies.

Soon after the Union, Sir Talbot Clerke and Partners did represent, That having, in the Year 1686, obtained Letters-Patents for 14 Years, to put in Practice a new Invention of Furnaces for melting and refining Metals out of Ores j and that, by their Care and Expence, great Advantage had accrued to the Nation; hut that, by reason of great Difficulties they met wkb in the Management, and the Time being expired, they had not made the hoped Advantage; they, therefore, did petition, That, in lbrae Recompence for their Charges and Expences, they might fend in Two Tons of Copper Blanks per Week into the Mint, until they had-disposed of 700 Tons.

Mr. Chambers, hearing of this Propofol of Sir Talbot Clerke, represented, That he, and divers other Persons, had purchased, at a very dear Rate, of the said Sir Talbot Clerke, and others concerned with him, their Interest in

the said Patent; and were afterwards incorporated by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, under the Name of the Governors and Company of Copper-Mines in England; and that, having very much improved the Copper-works, and, at the Charge of above 20,000l. having obtained the knowledge of making Copper fine; and having greater Stock in his Hands than could be disposed of; did propose to fend 100 Tons of Copper into the Mint* at the Rate of Twelve Pence per Pound, to be there coined into Halfpence and Farthings, at such Value as should be directed; so that the Charges of coining the lame, and other Incidents, might be borne out of the Surplus; and that he.might have Twelve Pence per Pound, to be paid him as salt, as the Copper-money should be disposed of

Anno 1708, William Morgan Gentleman, and others, did petition for a Grant for the coining 1,000 Tons of English Copper; one Half into Halfpence, and the other Half into Farthings and Halffarthings; within the Term of Seven Years, to be of Weight and Finenels according to a Standard to be agreed to; which Standard was to be at least 20/. per Cent, finer and better Copper than the 700 Tons formerly coined; and was to be melted, assayad, rolled, and cut and stamped, at the Mint in the Tou er; subject to a Comptroller to be appointed by her late Majesty, and at the Expence of the Undertaker:

By this Proposal, all the Copper Halfpence and Far* things formerly coined were to be taken and exchanged by the Proposer, in Tale, for those of the new Stamp, and so melted down.

1710, Mr. William Palmes did petition, That, towards a Recompence for the Losses he had sustained, he might have a Patent for the Coining of 700 Tons of Copper in 14 Years; subjefit to such Agreement, Limitations, and Covenants, as were made in the Patent granted for tho coining the former 700 Tons.

The several Reports, which were made by the Officers of the Mint, upon the aforegoing Petitions and Proposals, were to the Effect following; viz.

That, since the Year 1672, in the Reign of King the Second, and in the Beginning of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, all the Coinage of Farthings and Halfpence before the last Con-tra6l, were performed by Commissioners, who had Money imprested from the Exchequer to buy Copper and Tin; and coined the fame, at most, into Pound Weight

avoirdupois, the Copper being Swedish; and accounted, upon Oath, to the Government for the Charges and Produce thereof by Tale:

That, upon Complaints made against the Tin Halfpence and Farthings, Sir Joseph Hern, and others, contracted to change the fame; and, to enable them to bear that Charge, were allowed, by Patent, to coin 700 Tons of English Copper into Halfpence and Farthings at 21 per Pound Weight; with a Remedy of an Halfpeny, without being accountable to the Government for the Tale; which English Copper was cheaper than the Swedish: And, the Reason of this Allowance being ceasedK the said Patent ought not to be drawn into Precedent for coining the Money so much lighter than the intrinsick Value, and without Account; especially since the Money coined thereby were lighter, and of worse Copper, than by Agreement, and badly coined:

That it was belt to coin the Copper-money as near as could be to the intrinsick Value, including the Charges of Coinage, set Allowances, and Incidents, and reckoning the Copper at what it would fell for, if the new Money should be melted down again; for which Reason, it ought to be free from such Mixtures as would diminish -the Market-price; and that, whatever Profit should arise by the Coinage, the Crown might have it in its Power to gratify whom it please therewith; and therefore the for* mer Method, by Commissioners, and upon Account,' seemed the more lafe, commendable, and advantageous to the Government; especially if the Method used in th£ Coinage of Gold and Silver be observed, as nearly as con* ve nently can be, in the Coinage of Copper; for thaj

thereby

1 Geo. I.

I j* — 18° Justii.

t79

thereby the Coinage might come nearer to the intrinsick Value, and would be apt to be better performed; and of better Copper; and, by a Handing Commission, any Quantity might be coined at any time, as the Uses of the Nation should, from time to time, require, for preventing Complaints; for, in the Times of the Petitions and Proposals above-mentioned, there was at first no want, and afterwards no considerable want, of Copper-money; and it was thought safest to coin only what

porter have so much of the Money as shall be agreed upon, Coinage of for his Copper and Workmanship; and the King have the Halfpence rest as a Seigniorage, for defraying all the Charges of this Coinage; and the Mint-mailer account for the Seignior- age t And, for this End, they recommended the Propo* fal of Mr. Eyers as the bell.

The Seigniorage then proposed was Pound

Weight; whereof 3d. for Hazard and Making; and a Peny more for putting them in Repair, and defraying the

was wanted, lead the Coinage of too great a Quantity at Charges of the Buildings, and of allaying, weighing, en-once should occasion Complaints, as it did actually in Par- tering in Books, accounting, and other Incidents; liament in the Coinage of the First 600 Tons of the present Copper-money.

And further, that, upon the Petition of Mr. Morgan, there was a verbal Report, That, to call in all the Copper-money then current, would be a Loss of 70 or 80,000l. to the Government, or above; and that 1,000 Tons

In December last, a Proposal was made lor coining 1,000 Tons of Copper Farthings and Halfpence within the Space of Ten Years; to wit, 800 Tons for Great Britain and the Plantations, and 200 Tons for Ireland: But the Proposal seeming to the Lords of the Treasury unreasonable, and what might be a Prejudice or Incotive-Would be too much, 6 or 700 Tons being found sufficient nience to his Majesty’s Revenue, by the great Quantities to flock the Nation of England: And to an Argument of of Farthings and Halfpence that might be thrown into the Petitioners, That a new Coinage of weightier and better the Receipts of the Excise and Poll-Office, as torineily Money would cause the old Money to be rejected by happened, their Lordships did not think it advifaoie to the People, and lose its Currency; it was answered, That make any Proceedings thereupon

a great Coinage, suppose of 6 or 700 Tons, might have that Effe<51, because alone sufficient for the Uses of the Nation; but that a small Coinage, not sufficient for that Purpose, would be bell.

Anno 171-5-, there was also a Petition of Mr. Charles Parry, Proprietor of the Tower Mills at Mitcham, to deliver Blanks of fine hammered Copjier at 18 per

By Order of the Right Honourable the Lords Commits oners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

IVm. Lowndes. 20th May i 71.5. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented td his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct, when his Majesty shall think it necessary, that more Far*

Pound Weight, or of fine call and rolled Copper at 1 ‘yd.things and Halfpence should be coined, that they be made

per Pound Weight, to be coined in the Tarver; or to deliver Fillets of fine hammered Copper, ready for the Roller, at i$d. per Pound Weight, and take back the Scifiel at 12 d.; the fine hammered Copper to be of equal Fineness with the Blanks of Swedi/hCopper coined in the Reign of King Charles the Second:

There was also, at the same time, a Petition of John Perry, John Shorey, Leonard Fletcher, and frevile, and others, Proprietors of the Copper and Brufs-

of the finest British Copper, and as near the intrinsick

Value as is possible; and that, if any Advantage is made thereby, it may be applied to the Service of the Publick.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Councils

The Order of the Day being read, for taking intd

works called Temple-mills, near Great Marlow, in Buck-further Consideration the Report from the Committee of inghamshire, to deliver in to the Mint Blanks of the finell Secrecy;

Copper at *7 id. per Pound Weight; or else to deliver That the further Consideration of the said

Plates, drawn fit for cutting, at 1 sd. per Pound Weight; Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, and to take back the Scifiel at 1 id.:

Committe* of Secrecy*

And one Mr. Eyres has since proposed to deliver into the Mint, Plates of fine Copper malleable without cracking, when red hot, and drawn to a Breadth and Thick-nel’s fit for cutting, and blanched; paying him 15 Pound Weight for the Blanks cut out of the fame; and returning back the Scifiel, without paying any thing for it.

1713, There was also a Proposal of Charles Tmnah and William Dale, to coin, in Ten Years, a Thousand Tons Of Halfpence and Farthings of a mixed Metal, thatlhould look and touch like ordinary Gold, cutting a Pound Weight into 32 Pence.

Nothing being done upon these Petitions, the Officers of the Mint were directed, in November last, to lay before

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatt, 18° die Junii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

'RATERS.

ERMA NMeyer took the Oaths appointed, ift . order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Farmers and Freeholders in the Hundred of in the County of Chester, was pre-

the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury such fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there Method, or Proposals, for coining Halfpence and Far- is a Bill depending, for making the River navigable

things of English Copper, as had been made, or they from Frodfham Bridge to Northwych. in the said County; should think fit to make; and they represented thereupon, which Bill, if pafies, will deprive the Petitioners of That such Money be made of English Copper, mal- employing themselves, their Servants and Horses, in leable under the Hammer, when red-hot; because such carrying Coals in the Summer-time to their own Houses, Copper is free from Mixture, and 13 of about the fam.e De- with which they supply the Wiches in the Winter: And gree of Fineness with the Swedish Copper-Money, and praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, with Copper Vesselstnade at the Battering-mills: And be- before the same pafies.

cause Inch fine Copper cannot be run into Bars by casting, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*» they proposed. That it made into Bars or Plates of a sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making due Breadth and Thickness, either at the Battering-mills, the River Weaver' navigable frum Frodsham Bridge to or at the Drawing-mills; and be received at the Mint by Northwych, in the County of Chester, i« committed; And Weight and Afiay, upon the Mint-master’s Note, exprefif- that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before ing the Weight thereof; and that the new Monies be the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit. examined by Weight and Afiay together, and the Examination entered in Books; and the Mint-master. upon deli- A Petition of the Inhabitants of Middlewich, in the vering the same Weight of Copper in Money and Scifiel County of Chester, and the Proprietors of the Salt-works together, be discharged of his Receipts; and that the lm- there, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, Vojl. 18. and

Weavar

Navigation

Ditto*

l8o 18 6 Juniu 17 i5'.

Bhd tead; setting Torth, That the Bill, now depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northxoych, is far from answering the good Ends, or promoting the publick Good, thereby faggelted; for that the same would only, carry the Navigation Six Miles farther into the Country; and thereby some Thousands of Persons, who maintain their Families by the Carriage of Salt, would be impoverished: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that die Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the . -Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

bonded °, SCC Petition of the Merchants of Bristol, trading in To-Duties bacco, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That* *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, in, behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in Bonds given for Payment of the Duties on the fame, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants of Whitehaven, trading in Tobacco, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That several of the Duties arising by the Importation. of Tobacco were, till of late, payable- at Three Months, Nine Months, and Eighteen Months, and secured by several Bonds; and the Payment of Interest upon those bonded Duties, accruing before the Expiration of the Eighteen Months, was a great Hardship upon the Merchant; and, by an Act of the Twelfth of her late Majesty, for encouraging the Tobacco-Trade, the Payment of the said several Duties is prejudicial to Trade, and a Lois to the Revenue, and are therefore all reduced to One Payment at the End of Eighteen Months; and consequently all Demands of Interest, before the End of Eighteen Months, are now cut off, after the Commencement, and during the Continuance, of that Act; and there is no Provision made in the said Act for discharging the Interest, before the said Eighteen Months, arising upon the Bonds made before the Act: and several of those Bonds being lately put in Suit against the Petitioners, notwithstanding the y have duly paid off all the Principal Money due thereon, upon the Expiration of the said Eighteen Months: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, - in behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in Bonds given for Payment of the Duties on the fame, is referred.

Panton’s A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of fc^ate' Scarborough, and FrancesCountefe of his Wife, the honourable Henry Esquire, William

(Cotton Esquire, and Robert Dormer Esquire, One of the Justices of his Majesty’s Court of Common-Pleas at

minster, was presented-to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of the Ninth of King William the Third, for veiling Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton - Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; reciting, That by Indenture Quadrupartitc oftbe Twenty-second of October, in the Fourth Year of King William and Queen Mary, between Thomas Panton and Dorothy PantonWi-dow, his Mother, of the First Part; the Petitioners Henry Lumley, William Cotton, and Thomas Breretoti, deceased, of the Second Part; Richard Cotton, and Mary his eldest Daughter, of the Third Part; and Sir Francis Blake, the Petitioner Robert Dormer, and Henry Esquire,

now the Right honourable Lord Arundell of Wardour, of the Fourth Part; and other Assurance in the Law; the several Messuages or Tenements, therein particularly mentioned, were, in Consideration of a Marriage then intended,

und Since solemnized, between the said Thomas and

Mary Cotton his now Wife, settled to the Use of the said Thotnas Panton, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; subject to the Payment of 6o/. per Annum for the separate Maintenance of the said Mary, and 296/. ids. 6d. for her Life, for her Jointure; Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said intended Marriage, in Tail Male; with other Remainders over;

Remainder to his right Heirs; and there is a Limitation to Trustees to support contingent Uses; and a Term of 500 Years is lii/iited to the Petitioners Henry Lumley, William Cotton, and Robert Dormer, for raising Daughters and younger Childrens Portions and Maintenances: And it was Enacted, That the several Messuages or Tenements, therein particularly mentioned, should be vested in the Petitioners Henry Lumley, William Cotton, and Robert Dormer, and their Heirs, freed of all Incumbrances, upon Trust, that they should fell the Premises, and pay off such of the Debts of the said Thomas Panton as he then owed; not exceeding 3,500l.; and if any Part or Parts of the said Messuages or Tenements, thereby veiled, should remain unfold, after Satisfaction of the said Debts, the said Trustees, and their Heirs, to Hand foiled to the Uses mentioned in the before-recited Indenture: And, by Indenture of the 22d and 23d of April 1697, between the said Thomas Panton and Mary his Wife, of the First Part; the Petitioners the said Trustees, of the Second Part; and Sir John Talbot, and Thomas Coulfi’i, both deceased, of the Third Part; the said Premises were, for the ContiJeration therein mentioned, granted and conveyed to the said Sir John Talbot and Thomas Talbot, and their Heirs; and the Money raised by such Sale, was duly applied in Payment of the said 3,500l. and Interest for the same pnr-suant to the said Act: And by Indenture of the First of April 1698, made between the Petitioners Richard Earl of Scarborough, and Frances his Wife, of the one Part; and the said Sir John Talbot, and Thomas Cou/Jbn, of the other Part; the last mentioned Conveyance is declared to be in Trull for the Petitioner the said Countess of Scarborough, and her Heirs; and that the Rents and Profits thereof were to be paid to her separate Use, exclusive of the Petitioner the said Earl of Scarborough; anil, the said Thomas Coulson dying first, the said Sir John Talbot became foiled of the Premises on the Trull aforesaid; and, he being likewise since deceased, the legal Estate thereof is vetted in the Right honourable Viscountess

Dowager Longueville, Anne Ivory Widow, and Gillberta Talbot Spinster, the Daughters and Coheirs of the said Sir John Talbot, and their Heirs, in Trust for the Petitioner the said Countess of Scarborough; and, since the said Act and Purchase, several Difficulties have arisen touching the ascertaining the Premises in the said Act mentioned, by reason of the misnaming the Lessees thereof, and expressing some to be Lessees, who were only Under-tenants; and for that some of the said Messuages or Tenements were, in the said Act, mentioned to be held by One Lease at a certain Rent, whereas the same were held by several Leases at several Rents, thopgh those Rents amounted to no more than the Rents in the said Act mentioned: And praying, That a- Bill may be brought in to explain the said former Act; and to ascertain the Messuages or Tenements therein enacted to be sold.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prepare, and biing in, the fame.

Ordered, That Richard Hopton Esquire, have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Petition of DeanCock, late of London, Merchant, was Cock's Debt presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That to the Crown the Petitioner was bound lor Robert Wife, and David Dennis, for Customs of Tobacco imported by them; and the said Wife, Denn, and Dennis, failed, with-out discharging their Bonds, w herein the Petitioner is bound

for

i Geo. I. i86 — 20181

v

for; and the Petitioneiy hieing desirous not to defraud is duly elected a Burgess to serve id this present, Parliament the Crown of any Part of its Customs due from him- for the Borough of in the County of Hertford',

self, did, with the Assistance of his Friends, pay 1,255/. It passed in the Negative.

10 s. 4d.being the full Balance of his own Debts: And That John Birch, Serjeant at Law, is duly

praying, That a Bill may be brought in to enable the elected a Burgets to serve in this present Parliament for Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, the said Borough of Weobly.

for the Time being, to compound for the Debts due to The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order,

the Crown from him, as Security for the said Wife, Derm, with the Return for the-laid Borough}

and Dennis. . That the Clerk of the Crown do amend the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of fe-several Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, in behalf of themselves, and several others concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame, is referred.

Weobly The House proceeded, according to Order, to bear the Ekdion. Merits of the Election for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hertford:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition of Mr. Serjeant and also the

Petition of Simon Gough and John Moor, on behalf of themselves, and others the Electors, Burgesses of the said Borough of Weobly, complaining of the said Election and Return, were read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Serjeant Birch, examined several Witnesses to disqualify several of the Voters for the Sitting Member, Mr. Foley, on account of Bribery; and femmed up their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Mr. Foley, proceeded, and called Mr. to give Evidence

touching what one William had confessed of Money offered him to vote for the Petitioner Mr. Serjeant Birch:

And the Petitioners Counsel objecting against the said Mr. Cooke's being examined touching the fame; for that he, the said William Bayly, was, by the said Petitioner’s Evidence, charged with having received Five Guineas to vote for the Sitting Member:

Touching which Matters, the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Sitting Member’s Counsel be admitted to examine Mr. George Cooke as to any Discourse he had with William Bayly, in relation to Money offered to the said Bayly by the Petitioner;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Upon which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel acquainted the House, That they had other Witnesses, but that they w ere in the same Circumstances; and therefore they would not trouble the House therewith: But made their Observations upon the Petitioner’s Evidence.

And then the Counsel for Mr. Serjeant Birch and Mr. Foley withdrew.

After which, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Simon Gough and John Moor, opened the Nature of the Evidence they intended to give to the House.

Upon which, the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Charles Comwal Esquire, objected against their examining any Witnesses, the Petitioners having signed the Indenture, by which the said Mr. Comwal was returned; and therefore, the Counsel for the Sitting Member alleged, they ought not to be admitted to controvert the same:

Touching which Matter, the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put. That, Simon Gough and John Moor having signed the Indenture of Return, by which Charles Comwal Esquire, is returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hertford, the House will proceed on the Petition of the said John

Moor, complaining of an undue Election of the said Charles Comwal Esquire;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being but, That Paul Foley Esquire, V01. 18.

Return for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hertford, by rating out the Name of Paid Foley Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Birch, Serjeant at Law, instead thereof.

And he amended the Return accordingly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Simon Gough is guilty of distributing Money, in order to procure Paul Fbley- Esquire, to be defied a Burgess to serve

in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the said Simon Gough be, for his laid Offence, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, firom the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards ddivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 123,698/. 10$. be granted to his Majesty, for Half-pay, for the Year 1715, upon Account, to the Officers of the I^nd-Forces and Marines disbanded, being his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, or naturalized.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 2,591/. io$. be granted to his Majesty, for Half-pay, for the Year 1715, to the Officers of Lieutenant-General Hamilton's Regiment of.

Foot, being his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, or naturalized.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 250,000l. be granted to his Majesty, towards satisfying the Debt due for Subsidies and Arrears, upon Account of the Land-Forces.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Three a Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Army Debts, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army: And that Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pulteney, and Mr.

Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election Aberdeen, for the Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Brichan, Aber- &c* E"aion'

brothwick, and Bervy, be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 200 die;

Anno i° Georgii Reps, 1715.

Prayers.

THE Lord William Powlet presented to the House, Pantoa’« according to Order, a Bill for explaining an Act, Eftat*. made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for

3 A Payment

Leave of Absence.

Haverford

West

Election.

Trenchard’s

Estate.

Waya and Means.

Call of the House.

Bedford Elsdion.

Weiver

Navigation.

182 20® — 2

Parent of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Copplefton Warwick Bampfylde

Baronet, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That it be an Inilru£tion to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits of the Election for the Town and County of Haver-ford West, which were appointed to be heard before the said Committee upon Wednesday next, upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Lands deviled by the last Will and Testament of Thomas -chard Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Rowlett, Mr. London, Mr. Nevil, Mr. Drew, Mr. Min-JhtUl, Mr. Wild, Mr. Plumptre Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Cholmley, Sir John Rogers, Sir Edward Ernie, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Weaver, Sir Richard Faring ton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Monson, Sir John Brou-n-low. General Pepper; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Wilis, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the . Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That such Members of this House as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford, which were appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, be heard upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 210 Junii;

Anno t* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Proprietors of Salt-works, and Owners and Farmers of Lands, in and about Northwych, in the County Palatine of Chester, and of several other Gentlemen within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych;and there is a Clause in

the said Bill for establishing a perpetual Duty of Tonnage to the Undertakers, and their Heirs, for ever, of Sixteen Pence per Ton, which will amount to 2,000l. per Annum: And praying, That the Bill may not pals.

Junii. A. 1715.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is a Bill depending, for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the said County; which Bill, if pafies, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and the general Interest of the County: And ing to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill. rdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Bill for naturalizing Herman Meyer was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. -Jon, Mr. London, Lord Wm. Lord Paget, Mr.

Brydges, Mr. GodJ'rcy, Lord Barrymore, Sir Richard -

rington, Sir Char.Hot ham, Mr Mr. Mr.

Wilson, Mr Chiswell, Mr. Smith, Sir Mr.

Bracebridge, Mr. Heyfliam, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Diston, Mr. Molyneux: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better Preservation of the Fishing in the River Trent.

Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due Time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; was committed; the Amendments they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read ii» his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tormorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-halland Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, to summon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And, being returned;

The House proceeded. to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will impeach James Duke of Ormond of High Treason, and other high Crimes and Misdemeanors;

The

Weaver

Navigation.

Meyers

Nat.

Importing

Fish.

Elections — Returns of Writs of Summons, kc.

Insolvenl

Debtors.

Committes of Secrecy.

Candles-.'

Duke of Ormond impeached.

Duties of

captured

Wines.

Cochineal

seized.

Ships out* ward bound.

Customs on Exports.

Costom

Duties

repaid.

Weaver

Navigation.

2I° — 2 2°

Junii.

183

1 Geo. I.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas{^ } *34-

Tellers for the Noes|«V'^} . 87.

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Secrecy, to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against James Duke of Ormond.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Ward, Sir Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Hernage, Mr. OJfley, Mr. Carter, be "added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Shepheard Esquire, and the Executors of the late John James David, of London, Merchants, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Junii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

E SO LVED, That an humble Address be presented

to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of what Quantities of Cochineal have been seized. as imported contrary to Law, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714, and from thence to the First Day of May 1715; distinguishing the Quantities lb imported in each Year respectively, and the Places from whence it came.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to direct' the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of the Burthen of all Ships that have passed into any Parts beyond the Seas, from any Port of England, from Christmas 170910 Christmas 1714: distinguishing the Burthen of Ships departed each Year respectively, and to what Places they departed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of the Subsidies granted by the Statute of the Twelfth of King Charles the Second, on Goods exported from the 30th of March 1700 to Christmas 1701, and from thence

to Christmas 1714; distinguishing the Amount of that Duty in each Year respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties which have been repaid by Debentures, from Christmas 1707 to 1714; distinguishing the Amount of the Duties so repaid in each Year respectively.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Thomas Warburton Esquire, Anne his Wife, and George their Son and Heir, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Thomas Warburton, hath been at great Expence in mak-

ing a Brine-Pit, and a Rock-Salt-Pit, upon the River Weaver-, and hath likewiseerectedBuildings necessary for boiling, curing, and storing, his Salt made of Brine; all which lie so contiguous to the River now intended by this House to be made navigable, that if any part of the Soil be cut between his Works and the-River, or the Water brought to a depth to carry Boats, or Barges, of Burthen, the said Works mult, of Necessity, be ruined; and when Vol. 18.

a full Improvement'of the said Brine-Pit is made, the Petitioner hopeth, may be to the Value of 20,000l. and upwards; and the Petitioner, Thomas Warburton, has paid the Duty for Rock and White Salt, between Lady-day 1714, and 1715, 1,275/.; as will appear by the Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of Salt, if required: And praying, That the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Ralph Bell Esquire, 'have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raffing the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers, to fit in the House of Commons, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summon* in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Secrecy;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, and Court of R.*-quests, and Places adjacent, and iummon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And, being returned;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will impeach Thomas Earl of Strafford of high Crimes and Misdemeanors;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { J *68.

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Secrecy, to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence against Thomas Earl of Strafford.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Inclosures of feme Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing j>oor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

And

Leave of Absence.

Railing tho Militia,

Limiting Officers in the House.

Elections — Returns of Writs of Summons, &c.

Committee of Secrecy.

Earl of

Strafford

impeached.

Endowing poor Rectories, &c»

184

42° — 23° Junii.

A. 1715,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 23° d Junii; Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Henry Fleetwood Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon Extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absence.

Claude stine Export of Wool!

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Woolcombers, Framework-knitters, and others, concerned in the Manufacture of Hole in and near the Borough of in the County of Leicester, in behalf of themselves and many others concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Manufacture of Kofe hath, for many Years, been carried on by Persons inhabiting in and near the Borough of to the great Advantage of this Kingdom in general; there having been more than 20,00 worth of Wool yearly combed within and near the said Borough; which, when manufactured, and made into Hose, hath been worth 100,000 I.; whereby the poor of the said Borough, and Counties adjacent, hath been employed; but the said Trade is now greatly decayed, and die Hose, when lent abroad, cannot be sold at near the Prices they have been formerly; whereby the Price of Wool, and the Work-manship thereof have been much lowered; to the great Damage of the Petitioners, Landholders, and Poor, o the County and Borough: One cause of which Decay o Trade, ana lowering the Prices of the said Manufacture the Petitioners conceive to be, the great Quantities of Wool and Yam, which are feut out of this Kingdom, and Ireland, into France, and other foreign Parts; whereby die People of those Parts are unable to carry on the said Trade; to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and this Kingdom in general: And praying, That such other Laws may be made for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from this Kingdom and Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-> deration of the Committee, who are to consider the Iaws being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how far the same may be made more effectual: And that Mr. Carter be added to

the said Committee.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity-h of and of James Fleet Esquire, and Anthony Job, Wharfinger, on behalf of themselves and others, landlords, Proprietors, Tenants, and late Occupiers, of Dwelling-houses, Ware-houses, publick Edifices, Wharfs, Keys, and Ground, situate, and being in Thames-street, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the East, and in parts adjacent within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there was a dreadful Fire happened the 13th of January last in Thames-street; whereby a great Number of Dwelling-houses, Warehouses, dfc. were burnt down and confirmed; and, by reason thereof, many great Difficulties and Controversies are arisen, and a great Number of Suits are likely to be commenced, and carried on, between the Landlords and Proprietors, 8$c. for and concerning the rebuilding the same; and unlefe the said Differences be speedily adjusted, many of the late Inhabitants may be totally ruined: And praying. That a Bill may be brought in, for erecting a Court of Judicature for the determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down by the said Fire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Ward, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lade, Mr. Recorder of London, and Mr. Carterdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Raising tk« Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order,

Militia, a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month s Pay, formerly advanced be not repaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Differences arising by Fire in Thamei-street;

Mr. Lowther reported, from the Committee, to whom Sufferers by the Petition of the several Merchants, on behalf of them- Fire in selves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Thames-Sarfeparilla, by the late d readful Fire in Thames-street, was r*eU referred, the Matter as it appeared to them, touching the Petition of Arm Milner, Thomas Colemore and Wm. of London, Merchants, upon Tobacco burnt by the late Fire in Thames-street; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; war.

That, upon the Petition of Anne Milner, Thomas Col-more, and Wm. Hunt, of London, Merchants, upon Tobacco burnt by the late Fire in Thames-street;

That it appeared, by the Custom-house Accounts, That the Petitioners imported large Quantities of Tobacco, as set forth in their Petition; and that they lodged the same in Warehouses adjoining to his Majesty’s Custom-house in Thames-street:

That Ame Milner and IVtUiam Hunt are Sufferers, and loft, by the said Fire, 177 Hogsheads, containing net 80,315 Pounds of Tobacco: and Thomas Colmore loft 50 Hogsheads, containing net 22,996 Pounds of Tobacco; the Customs of which, paid and secured, being 2,442/.

3#. 2 d.;

That die blowing up of Houses, in order to prefsrve the Custom-house, prevented the saving a greater Part of their Tobacco, which otherwise they could have done:

All which was fully made out to the Satisfaction of the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Walter Chetwynd, of Ridgely, Esquire, Leave of have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon Abfeac*. extraordinary Occasions.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Bedford Election for the County of Bedford: EteAi*®.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition of John Cater Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to disqualily several of the Sitting Member’s Votes;

The Sitting Member’s Counsel objected against proceeding upon the Petition; for that the Qualification delivered in by the Petitioner at the Demand of the Sitting Member, was not pursuant to the Resolution of the House, of the Twenty-third of March last:

Upon which, the Act of Parliament of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty, and the said Resolution of the House, and the Demand of the Qualification, and Title of the Qualification, left with the Clerk of the House, were read:

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the Petitioner's Counsel be permitted to proceed in their Evidence.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speakei* acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses, to disqualily several Voters for the Sitting Member, upon account of voting more than once, or being under Age, or of having purchased their Freeholds within a Year before the Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County* of Bedford, be adjourned until Saturday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Browning:

15 Mr.

Explaining Alt for Limitation of the Crown*

All Souls College Estate.

Uinehead

Election.

Taunton

Election.

fan ton s Estate.

Raising the Militia.

Leave of Ahience.

Betts'

Estate*

i Geo. I. 21185

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, to explain the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the

further Limitation of the Grown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Warden and College of All ,in Oxford, and their Successors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary, in Oxford, without Amendment

And then the Messengera withdrew.

The other Orders, of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twelfth Day of July next

Ordered, That the Merits- of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight

Aqd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.* die Junii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pray ers.

ABIL L for explaining an Act, made in the Ninth.

Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire, ih Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his uow Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a, Second time, r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord TVm.

Powlett, Mr. D'eath, Mr. NSir Richard ton, Mr. Bray, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. PelUam, Mr. Travers, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Nr. Walter, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Offley, Mr. Chandler, Sir John Cope, Lord Coning*by, Mr. Brydges, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Thomas Samuel, Mr. Attorney General; and all that serve for the Counties of Suffer, Surry, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, he not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Oxenden Baroftet, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That William Whitmore Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Betts Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for making good a Settlement by him made of other part of his Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That Robert Prank Esquire, have Leave to Leave of gq into the Country for a Month,'upon extraordinary Absence.' Occasions.

A Petition of John Reap of the City of London, Mprr- John and chant, was presented to the House, and read; letting Ann Fly-forth. That the John and Ann Fly-boat, Burthen 300 boat* Tons, or thereabouts, being foreign-built, and wholly-unfit for Service, was bought by the Petitioner, who new-built her; and the said Ship is approved on at his Majesty’s Custom-hoofe, as Englishbuilt; and has paid the Duties as such; and is wholly manned by; and the Petitioner doubts whether the said Ship may not be interrupted in her Trade at his Majesty’s Plantations, under colour of the Act, of the 7th and 8th of King William the Third, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade: And praying to bring in a Bill to make the said Ship free.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It palfed in the Negative.

Sir John Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Tobacco,

the Petition of several Merchants Importers of Tobacco Ac. bonded and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Du- I,ut, es‘ tics on the fame, the Matter, as it appeared to them upon the said Petition; and also, upon the Petition of the Merchants of Whitehaven, trading in Tobacco; and also, upon

the Petitions of Thomas Haniond, Merchant, and Dean Cock, Merchant (the Consideration of which Petitions was referred to the said Committee ;) which lie read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Reports upon the several Petitions of the Merchants Importers of Tobacco and Wine, and also of the Merchants of Whitehaven, were read; and are as' follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of several Merchants Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for.

Part of the Duties on the same:

That, the Committee having taken into Consideration the several Matters contained in the said Petition; and examined die several Merchants, and Officers of the Custom-house, in order to prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

It appeared to the Committee, That, by a Clause in an Act, of the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arm, for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, 8$c. the Lord Treasurer, or C’ommissioners of the Treasury, upon any Representation of the Commissioners of the Customs, if they judged it reasonable, might remit the Interest due upon Bonds given for Customs upon Goods and Merchandizes imported, or to be imported, upon Payment of the principal Money for which such Bonds were given.

It appeared to the Committee, That, on the Importation of these Commodities, Part of the said Duties are generally bonded; the Goods are exported; and the Importers are thereby intitled to the Customs, to be paid them by Debenture, in order to discharge the Bonds which -they entered into for the said Duties; but they are from Four Months to Six Months, before the Debentures pals the proper Offices; and the Crown allows no Interest for the fame:

That the Bonds standing out against the Petitioners, where the greatest Part of the Principal is discharged, are, many of them against Persons which have been Security for others, that, by Misfortunes, are become dead, or insolvent:

That the Wine Merchants are the chief Exporters’of Corn; for which they are intitled to a Bounty by Debenture: Many of their Bonds were paid by Certificates and Debentures, on which the Crown allowed no Interest, though they were as long due as the Bonds they dip-charged:

That the Crown never pays any Interest for Money ’ which lietfi in their Hands j nor the Law imposeth none

3 B upon

Tobacco, &c. bonded Duties*

186 24' JuniuA 1715*

Upon the Merchant, but what ariseth upon the Penalty of the Bond; which never was demanded of them till of late.

It appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners have laboured under many Difficulties and Hardships, which they have sustained, during the late War, by the great Duties and Impositions which have been laid upon them; and, by the Misfortunes of Persons failing, the Petitioners have not only lost their Goods, but great Duties they have paid the Crown for the lame.

That the Committee then proceeded to examine several of the Merchants, to prove the great Hardships and Difficulties they labour under, by reason of these Bonds; viz.

Mr. Richard Perry said, That, in the Year 1706, his Father Micajah Perry became bound, as a collateral Se-

curity, at the Custom-house, for Daniel Park Esquire, for Customs due on Tobacco, in the Sum of 3,2311. 14& which Sum the said Mr. Perry paid to the Crown: That, after he had paid the fame, he applied to the proper Officer of the Customs, for his Bond to be given up; but was answered, That there was Interest due upon the said Debt, and his Bond could not be given up; which Interest \vas not made known to Mr. Perry w hen he became bound, but lay dormant until the Year 1712, when the then Counniffiouers of the Customs sent for the said Perry, and charged him with Interest upon Park's Debt, as follows; vis.

For Interest since Mr. Perry became f. d. bound - - - - 97 13 10

Which Sum Mr. Perry deposited the 7th of February, in hopes no further Demand would be made in so hard a Cafe:

But, after this, the Commissioners proceeded to take out an Extent against Park's Estate; which obliged Mr.

Perry to make a further Deposit the 4th March 1712; there being due for Interest, before Mr. Perry became bound, the Sum of - - - 885 5 7 So

So that Mr. Perry hath paid the whole principal Debt of 3,231/. 145.; and deposited 982/. 19$. 5*/. for Interest on the said Debt.

Mr. Richard Lind fey said, That he had paid for Customs on Wines, at the Port of London, and Out-Ports, from the Beginning of the War to the Month of June 1715, as appears by his Books, the Sum of 118,400l.:

That he has sustained great Ix>ffes, during the War, as appeared by his Account delivered in to the Committee, amounting to the Sum of 14,795 /.:

That he has discharged Part of his Bonds, by Certificates for damaged Wines, and Debentures for Corn, $c. exported, to the Value of f6,.5oo /. which were due to him from the Crown, from Six to Eight Months, and some lourteen Months, when paid in to the Receiver-General of the Customs; and if the Interest of the said Certificates and Debentures had been computed, as well as that on his Bonds, there would remain but a very finall Sum for Interest due to the Crown.

Mr. Manly produced a Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 31st of May last, upon the Petition of the Merchants concerned in Tobacco and Wine Bonds, about the Interest due on them; together with an Account of the Simple Interest due on all such Bonds, of which the Principal is paid j and of such only, where neither Principal nor Securities are become insolvent: By which account it appears, that there is due, for Simple Interest on the said Bonds, 4,412/. 18#. — id.

Mr. Fern said, That if the Merchants had had Interest allowed them on their Debentures and Certificates, it would have amounted to a much greater Sum than is now demanded on their Bonds:

And also said, That the augmenting the Time for Payment of the Principal due upon Bonds, and entirely

Remitting the Interest, was the Occasion, as he conceives, of bringing in, some time since, several Sums of Money,'

Which otherwise, in all Probability, would never have been paid: And that it was his Opinion, it would be a great Encouragement to Trade, and an Advantage to the Revenue, to remit the Interest:

That Mr. Fern likewise declared, That the Merchants were often kept out of their Money for their Debentures, after they had passed through the proper Offices, for want of Money upon the proper Branches for which the Debentures belonged, and no Consideration allowed the Merchants for the lame.

Mr. Metcalf said, That, upon Orders being formerly made at the Treasury, to remit the Interest, if the Principal was paid at the time mentioned in the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury's Warrant, great Sums of Money had been brought in, as well from the Port as the Out-Ports.

It appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners did, in the Year 1713, apply to the Parliament for the Discharge of those Bonds; and the House thought their same so just and reasonable, that a Clause in the Tobacco- Bill palfed the House for their Relief; but, the same being clogged with so many Clauses of different Natures, the said Hill was laid afide by the Lords.

Upon the Petition of the Merchants of Whitehaven trading in Tobacco:

That the Committee, having considered of the Allegations of the said Petition, do find. That several of the Duties arising by the Importation on Tobacco were, till of late, payable at Three Months, Nine Months, and Eighteen Months; and secured by several Bonds:

That the Payment of Interest upon those bonded Duties, accruing before the Expiration of the Eighteen Months, have always been attended with great Hardships upon the Merchants:

That, by the Act, made it* the 12th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Tobacco-Trade, the Payment of the said several Duties at the different Times aforesaid, is declared to be prejudicial and burthensome to Trade, and a Loss to the Revenue; and are therefore all reduced to One Payment at the End of Eighteen Months:

But there being no Provision made, in the said Act, for discharging the Interest, before the said Eighteen Months arising upon the Bonds made before that Act, several of those Bonds are now lately put in Suit agair.ft the Petitioners, notwithstanding the y have duly paid off all the Principal Money due thereon, upon the Expiration of the Eighteen Months.

Mr. Metcalf, Solicitor of the Custams, attended the Committee, and delivered an Account of what Interest is demanded from the Tobacco-Merchants of Whitehaven upon Bonds and Notes in Process. where the Principal is paid, or discharged; which amounts to the Sum of 348/. 14 s-fid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to a bring in a Bill for Relief of Merchants Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame: And that Sir John Ward, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lozt’ther, Mr. Corrance, Sir Thomas Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Bertie, and Mr. Wrightson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

The Report upon the Petition of Thomas Hammond, HammorcTi

Merchant, being read, is as follows; viz. ^*bt to

Crown.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Hammond, Merchant;

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioner, being a considerable Trader, for Twenty Years last past, for Wines, and several other Merchandizes, has paid the Crown for Customs, in that Time, 100,000 /.:

That, by reason of great Losses, and other Misfortunes, by the late War, the Petitioner was forced to abscond; and, at the lime of his Failing, was indebted to the Crown, for Customs, 6,987 /. 8 s. g$d.:

That an Extent was taken out, and his Person and

Effects

Cock*» Debt to the Crown.

i Geo. I. 240 j

Effects were seized: After which, he made Discovery of his Effects and Estate before the Sheriff of Surry:

A Copy whereof, with an Account of what was seized in London and Bristol, of his own Effects, and his Sureties; and how much has been paid to Mr. Fern, the Receiver-General of the Customs; appears by the Account following; viz.

There has been paid to the said Mr. £. d. Fern, out of the Petitioner’s own Effects, the Sum of ----- 1,245 *9 5i And of the Effects of Warren and Woodlaw, Two of his Sureties - - 307 3 6

Besides Debentures, amounting to the Bum of - - - 340 2 6

In the Whole, as appears by the Receiver-General’s Certificate - - - 1,893 5 5i

Besides which, the Petitioner assigned over what was due to him upon Account of the Ship Worcester, the Sum of - 2,890-----

Alto his Share of the Ship Thomas and Elizabeth, amounting to the Sum of - 3,520-----

Total - - - 8,303 5 -5£

And the Petitioner's Debt to the

Crown is - - - £. 6,987 € 9$

By which it appears, That the Petitioner discovered to the Crown, and has paid, sufficient to have overpaid his laid Debt, had not the Ship Thomas and Elizabeth mi (carried:

That William Warren, Samuel Woodlazv, Thomas Joyner, Samuel Shears, and Henry Wooden, were the Petitioner’s Sureties: That Warren and Wooden were taken upon the Extent; but, after feme Continuance in Prifen, were set at Liberty by the late Lord Treasurer’s Order, upon giving Bonds to surrender themselves when required:

That Sampson Meares died before the Bonds were put in Suit; and none of his Effects could be found, save his Share in the Ship Worcester, mentioned in the Account annexed to the said Hamond’s Petition:

That Samuel Woodlaw absconds, and cannot be taken; and that Thomas Joyner, another of his Sureties, was taken, and is now a Prisoner in the K Prifen:

That the Petitioner was a Prisoner, under the Extent, for a Year and Three Quarters, as appears by Certificates:

That, in October 1712, the Petitioner petitioned the

late Lord Treasurer for his Liberty; which Petition was referred to the Commissioners of the Customs; and their Report thereupon, together with the Petition, were afterwards referred to Mr. Attorney-General; who made a Report: Both which Reports being in the Petitioner’s Favour, he obtained his Liberty, upon giving Security to surrender himself when required:

That, in April 1714, the Petitioner petitioned the late

Lord Treasurer for Leave to apply to Parliament for an Act to impower the Lord Treasurer to compound the said Debt; which w’as referred to the Commissioners of the Customs; and a Report made by them in his favour: Whereupon he obtained Leave from his l^ordship to apply to Parliament for an Act for that Purpose.

It appeared, That the Petitioner has, in all things, complied with the Orders of this House relating to Bills for compounding Debts due to the Crown; and made a full Discovery of all his Effects and state.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Report, upon the Petition of Dean Code, Merchant, being read, is as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Dean Code, Merchant:

That, the Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters contained in the Petition; and examined feme of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, in order to prove the Allegations thereof;

It appeared, That the Petitioner became bound for Robert Wife, Cornelius Denn, and David Dennis, for V01.18.

(unih 187

several considerable Sums of Money for Customs on Tobacco; viz.

The Petitioner stands bound for David £. s. d.

Dennis, in the Surri of - 1,391 3 11

For Cornelius Denn, in the Sum of - 3,257 — 81

For Robert JVife, in the Sum of 16,443 10 6f

Total - -,£.21,091 15 2{

That the said Wife, Denn, and Dennis, failed, without having discharged their Bonds to the Crown, wherein the Petitioner stands bound; which occasioned the Petitioner to withdraw himself; but the Petitioner, being desirous to pay the Crown all the Customs due from himself, did, with the Assistance of his Friends, raise, and pay to the Receiver-General of the Customs, the Sum of 1,255/.

105. 5 d. being the full Balance of his own Debt; as appears by a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs to the late Lord Treasurer, dated the 13th ot June 1713.

It appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate under the Hand of Robert Stephen Esquire, Solicitor to the Commissioners of the Customs, as also of Mr. Coode, Examiner of Securities, That the Petitioner's Circumstance^ are very indifferent, having no Estate in the World.

It also appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate of several eminent Merchants of London, who declare,

That the Petitioner always behaved himself as an honest and fair Man; and that they did verily believe in their Consciences, that, by reason of feme great Misfortunes that hath lately happened to him, he is not able to pay to the Crown, on any Composition, or otherwise, more than 300l.; and believed the Petitioner must be assisted by his Friends to do that.

That, the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioner applied to the House for Relief; but, it being late in the Session, and the House being taken up in Matters of more publick Concern, nothing could be done in this Affair.

It appeared, That the Petitioner has in all things complied with the Orders of this House relating to Bills for compounding Debts due to the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Betts'

for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Betts, Mate.

Gentleman, dccealed, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate; was read the Eirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Explaining to explain the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Ait for Limi-Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act crowu°fth* for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better fc-curing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjefit; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill he read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Temple's impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in qualifying

to grant a Commission to feme Persons in Great Britain, for to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, the usual Oaths for due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland: To which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Ways ing next, rofelve i tie If into a Committee of the whole land Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Security of the King's Person, &c.

Leare of Absence.

Raising the Militia.

Elections — Returns of Writs of Summons, &c.

Meyers

Nat.

Digb/s

Estate.

188 24° — 350 — 27 1715,.

House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

The House being moved. That the Act, of the 13th and 14th Years of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; may be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill for the further Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess being Protestants;

and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of W ales, and his open and secret Abettors: And that Mr. Carter, Mr. Comptroller, Lord and Mr.

Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned-till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

the same were once read throughput; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

Prels 5. L. 15. After " Digby," add " and, after " such Provision, shall dispose of the Residue of the Rents " and Profits of the said Manors and Premises, in Purchasing of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, tobe settled and entailed as the Manors and Premises " before-mentioned are limited: And it is hereby further " Enacted and Declared, That the said Trustees shall " not, in anywise, be answerable for the Receipts, Payments, Acts, or Deeds, of each other; but each of them for his own Acts and Deeds only

Press 5. L. i 8. After the Word K Disorder," add " so to be adjudged."

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 5. L. 27, and 28. To leave out " at the time " of his Death And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Sabbati, 2 50 die Junii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

QRDE RED, That Joseph Erie Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That George Bridges Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor railing the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the Bedford further hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to give Evidence, in order to disqualify llveral Persons that voted for the Sitting-Member; viz. as to Mortgagers voting, when the Mortgagees were in Possession; Persons who had fold their Freeholds before the Election; others, who were entitled to Reversions only; others, who did not pay publick Taxes, or Rates; others, who were only Leaseholders for Years, or Copyholders; and others, who had no Estates.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Aberdeen, Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Brichan. *c- Election* and Berry, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock-

Lunce, 27° die Junii \

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

QRDER ED, That Sir Arthur Baronet, r«aveof

have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, Absence. upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr Londonreported from the Committee, to whom ' The Lord reported from the Commit- Tnencbnrdtr

the Bill for naturalizing Hainan Meyer was committed, tee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate* That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Lands devised by the lait Will and Testament of Thomas any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Trenchard Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they Clerk’s Table. _ had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed. same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the C’oin- Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom inittee; and that the Committee had directed him to the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: appointing Persons to take care of the Person and Estate And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table, of John Digby Esquire, eldest Son and Heir apparent of

William Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Digby* committed, That they had examined the Allegations of for appointing Persons to take care of the Person and EUate. the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made Estate of John Digby Esquire, eldest Son and Heir ap-some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed parent of William Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ire. him to report to the House; which le read in his Place; land, was read the Third time.

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pats.

*9 Ordered,

Temple's qualifying lor Office.

Railing the MiUtuu

Clink

prisoners.

Chaplains t the Fleet*

Call of the

House.

Endowing poor Retto-ric*, &c.

i Geo. I. 47° — 28°

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in Great Britain to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 171^, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Clink Prison, in the Borough of Southwark, do lay before this House, the Number of Prisoners discharged out of the said Prison, by virtue of the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and restoring them to their Liberty: And also, a List of all the Persons now Prisoners for Debt in the said Prison, and that were so the Twenty-ninth of September left, and have continued so ever since.

1 The House being moved, That the Report from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, relating to the Three thousand Pounds granted for the Chaplains of the Fleet, presented to the House the Twenty-sixth of May last, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

The Orders of the Day being read.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members as shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for making Inclosures of some Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wrightson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wrightson reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vox.. 18.

fund. 189

Mart is, 28° dieju; Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from die Lords, intituled, An A

for Sale of Part of the F.state late of Bette *"*

Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrance? thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate; was read a. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North,

Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr, Bracebridge, Mft Walpole, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Wuld, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Inge, Mf. Earl, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Farington, Colopel Grahjhe, Mr.

Pigot, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Farrer, Sir Richard Steel, Sir Tho. Samuel, Mr. Brace, Lord Barrymore, Sir Edtoard Ernie, Mr. Denton, Mr. Cole-more, Sir Thomas Hanmcr, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. lerfden, Mr. Campbell, Mr. London, Mr. Trefufis, Mr.

Morice. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Chaplin; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Efftx, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Reynolds Calthorpe Esquire, have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Abfei.ce. Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year Railing th* 1715. although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be Militia, not repaid, was read the Third time.

R solved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Montn’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That he Message from had a Message from his Majesty, signed by his Majesty: the King — And he presented the same to the House; which Mr. of ^Tnifters9 Speaker read; and is as folio weth; «f new

Churches.

GEORGE R.

HIS Majesty having received an Address from the Commissioners appointed for building 50 new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and

Suburbs thereof, representing how difficult they find it, to proceed in perfecting the Establishment of such Churches, for want of a due Maintenance for the Ministers who are to attend the Service of the fame; and praying him to recommend it to tl\e Care and 'Wisdom of the Parliament, to provide such Maintenance, that this good Work may not be rendered ineffectual for %vant of such a Provision; his Majesty does most heartily recommend it to this House, to consider of th? heft Means of settling such a Maintenance, as may bring this pious Design to Perfection, for the Honour of the Church of England, and the Advancement of our holy Religion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take his Majesty’s gracious Message into Consideration.

A Bill for repairing the Highways through the feverql St. Alban’* Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albans, Saint Peters, &c- Rosd-Shenley, Ridge W»d South-Mime, i» the Countie? of Hertford and Middlesex, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grim-stone, Mr. Hale, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. London, Mr. Fre-pian, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Holt, Mr. Rotefer, Mr. Wilmer,

Mr. De Gray, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Walpole, Sir Tho. Sea-

bright, Sir John ffobart. Sir Richard Sir John

Rufoout, Mr. Tufnel, Mr. Farrer, Mr. lather, Mr.

Barrington, Mr. Death, Sir Tfio. Samuel, Mr. Denton,

Sir John Trevylyan, Mr. Gybbon, Sir

Sir Tho. Wheat, Sir Qrl. Bridgman, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Curr Colonel More-ton, Mr. Colemere, Mr. Harris, Mr. Inge, Colonel

3. C Grahm,

Bedford

Election.

Trenchard’s

EAate.

Insolvent Debtors,

190 a 8° — 290 A. 1715,

Grahm, Mr. Gregory, Mr. , Sir Robert;

and all that serve for the Counties of,

Middlesex, and Essex; And they are to meet this Afternoon at five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the further Hearing the Merits of tire Election for the County of Bedford.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioners Counsel, calling a Witness to prove, that One of the Sitting-Member’s Voters had no Estate in the Parish where his Freehold is set down on the Poll;

The Sitting-Members Counsel objected against the giving such Evidence, the Voter having fvrorn he had an Estate there.

The Counsel on both Sides were heard touching the lame.

And then withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted to give Parole-Evidence, as to a Person’s being no Freeholder, who swore himself to be a Freeholder at the time of the Election;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 'jS'

TeHets for the N*{&££*.. } 60.

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Petitioners Counsel examined several Wii-nefl’es, in order to disqualify several of the Sitting-Member’s Voters, upon account of their not pajing publick Taxes, or Rates, or having no Estates in the Places they voted for; others, as being only Leaseholders; and others, as having Estates under Forty Shillings a Year Value.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedjord be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die Junii;

Anno Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Lands deviled by the last Will and Testament of Thomas Trenchard Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of London attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That they had a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of to present to the House.

And they prefen ted the same to the House accordingly. And then withdrew.

The Petition was read; setting forth, That there is -a Bill depending for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors; which Bill, if it passes as it now stands, will be very prejudicial to Trade and Credit in general: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors is committed: And that the Petitioners he heard, at the Bar of this House, by their Countel, before the same be ordered to be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Herman Meyer was McyeA read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Herman Meyer.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Edward JBaronet, have Leave-of Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Abf<nite*

The On! rs < t he Day being read;

An in 1 ,lvd i.ii: trom the Lords, intituled, An Act Fxplainmj to exp! in i'P Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the tationoftLe* Reign <w O n g Ji ii iamthe T hird, intituled, An Act, Crown, for the 1 1 her Limitation of the Crown; and better teeming the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, retblve itself into a Comjnaittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the proper Officers of the Courts of Foreign Chancery, King’s-Bench, Common- Pleas, and Exche- Protestants quer, and the Clerks of the Peace for the County of Isat’ Middlesex, and the Cities of London and Westminster, do lay before this House, Lists of what Persons took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization, pursuant to the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants, in the said Courts, and at the General Quarter Sessions of the said County and Cities, respectively.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Limiting whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Officers in Parliament, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in house. the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Committee from the Committee of Secrecy be adjourned till To- of Secrecy, morrow Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and ft, eans-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marquis of settling the Precedency of Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Bindley’s Great Chamberlain of England, when created a I)uke ^enc> of Great Britain; and of such as shall succeed to the said Duke. Honour: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

18

i Geo. I

Marquis of Lindfe/s Precedency, when a Duke.

Leave of Absence.

Tobacco, &c.

bonded

Duties.

Differences anting by Fire in Thames* street.

Goebell's

Nat.

Digby's

Eoate.

Expiring

Laws.

30° JuniL for.

jfoviS)

Annol® Georgii Regis, 1715-Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Precedency of Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Great Chamberlain of England, when created a Duke of Great Britain; and of such as shall fueceed to the said Honour; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That John Fou nts Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir John lVard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of Merchants Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for part of the Duties on the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Heysham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demolished, or defaced, in and near in the City of London; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Florian Goebell, Merchant, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Persons to take care of the Person and Estate of John Ligby Esquire, eldest Son and Heir apparent of William Lord Digby, of the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee appointed to inspect the Law's expired, and near expiring; and to report which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That they had considered the Matters to them referred: and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act to dif-solve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom; and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; is near expiring, and ought to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, is near expiring, and ought to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, lturdv Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; be explained and amended.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, in-Vojl. 1$.

tjtuled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations; and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland; as relates to the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen to the ff>eft-Indies; be made per-s petual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee/

That an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, is near expiring, and ought to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Elections — Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the Returns of whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual summons, preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning &c. ’

Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; was committed:

And the Amendments, made thereunto, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were ditagreed unto, and others agreed unto, by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out of the same the Clause obliging Voters to take the Oath therein mentioned:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing the Bedford Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford. Ejection.

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded further to examine Witnesses, in order to disqualily Voters for the Sitting Member; to feme, as to their not being rated to any Taxes j to others, as to their not having any Estate in the Place they voted for; and to others, as to their Estates being Copyholds:

And afterwards the Petitioner’s Counsel acquainted the House, That they had Objections to many other Voters for the Sitting Member, in regard they did not ray to the publick Taxes, in such proportion as other Estates of Forty Shillings per Annum in the same Place, as the Acts, of the Tenth and Twelfth of Queen Arm direct; and deftred the Directions of the House, whether they should go into such an Examination; and of what Nature the Evidence should be.

And the Counsel withdrew.

And the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty, was read, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; And also,

An Act, of the Twelfth Year of her said late Majesty, was read, for explaining the said Act, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That where any Person . pays to the King’s Tax,

Church, or Poors Rates, and has sworn to the Value of his Freehold, such Freehold being in his Own Possession,

That this House will proceed into the Consideration, whether such Freehold is assessed to the said Taxes and Rates in such proportion as other Lands of Forty Shilr lings per Annum, within the same Parish pr Township, are charged to the same;

It passed in the Negative.

The

Ttmitun

Election.

Insolv#nt

Debtors.

Anuidel

Navigation.

Leave of Absence.

Marquis of Liodfey’s Trecedtiicy, when aDuke.

Temple9#

tSSS

tfj 30° Jum. — r° Julii. A. 1715.

The CohrtftV were* called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them tirerewithi

Theh’ the Petitioners Cduflfef fumnaed'upthe Evidence giVeft on the Petitioner’s' behalf

After which the Sitting Member’s Counsel opened' the Evidence1 they should give off the Sitting Member’s Behalf.

Then1 the* Counsel were' directecf to withdraw;

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Mterits of the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

Ordered That the Merits of the Election for the Bo-Wugh of Taunton be heard at the Bar of this House aptin this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Julii;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pft AT E&S*

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of was

preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Arundel has now many Banks of Gravel, and Sands, that the Barges cannot pais as formerly; and the Mouth of the said River is so stopped up, that, without fbme speedy Care be taken, the Navigation-Trade will be totally loft; which will be a great Loft to the said Borough, and the adjoining Part of the County of Suffer; and will be also a great Hindrance to the supplying his Majesty’s Yards with the best of Timber and Plank: And praying. That to Act for raising Money, by way of Tonage, on all Ships, Barges, and Boats, that pase into the said River, not only for making the same more navigable, but for keeping it in

good Repair, and also the Key in the said Borough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Butler, Mr. Micklethwaite, General Lumley, and Mr. Nevill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Baronet, have

Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Precedency of Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Great Chamberlain of England, when created a Duke of Great Britain; and of such as shall succeed to the said Honour; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time.

An ingrafted Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Barons Of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to fbme Persons in Great Britain to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, tire usual Oaths for due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Delatcne, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Booth, Mr. White, Mr. lien. Pelham, Mr. Hopkins, Hr. Car ter, Mr.

Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Botefer, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Leather, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Ash, Sir Tho. Samuel, Sir John Cope, Sir Char. Turner, Mr. DeGray, Mr.

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Inge, Mr. Ward, Colonel

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr, ArchSir Tho. Crojfe, Mr.

Jessop, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. JVilJon, Mr. , Sir Tho.

Palmer, Lord Sonds, Mr. Wyld, Sir Hen. Mr.

Eyles, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Wrightion, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hutehejon, Sir Edu-ard Ernie, Sir John Ward, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gould, Mr. Lade, Sir

ham, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Bristow, Sir Richard Steel: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being moved, That the Act, of the Ninth Number of Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, might be read, inti- 11°* uM tuled. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which injoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses or other Beasts, except up Hills;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from draw- ing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length: And that Mr. Bertie, Sir John Mr.

Farrer, and Mr. Bracebridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being moved, That feme Clauses in the Woollen Act, of the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William Manuka®*, might be read, intituled, An Act to restore the Market of Blackcoell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; is committed; They have Power to receive a Clause, That no other Person than the Clothier, or Owner of Cloth unsatisfied, shall be capable of suing the Factor, on account of not demanding Notes.

Mr. Gould reported, from tire Committee, to whom the Sufferers bj Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, Fire in and other Sufferers of Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sarfapa- Thames-rilla, by the late Fire in Thames-street, was referred, the street* Matter upon the said Petition; as also upon the several Petitions of John Cookson, Adrian Vanbrackle, and Thomas Sikes, of London, Merchants, and oi'Thomas of London, Merchant; as the same appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were-rCad; and.are as follows j viz.

Upon the Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers in Sugar, Ginger,

Oil, and Sarsaparilla, by the late Fire in street, was referred:

That the Committee have, pursuant to the Order of tire House, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and find the same to be as follows; vis.

That the Petitioners did import, and pay Customs for, considerable Quantities of Sugar, Ginger, Oil, and Sar- . faparilta, fi me ftiort time before the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street; and that great Part of the said Goods were thereby burnt and destroyed.

That, upon Examination of the whole Matter, it did appear to the Committee, That the Petitioners had fully made out the Allegations of their Petition; and that 1

each Perfim’s particular Lois w as as follows; viz.

i Geo. I.

t' Julii.

*93

William Parrot -

Thomas Sand iford-

Robert Chester Rowland an* I IVm. Tryon -Thomas Mitchell John Lloyd -

Joseph Belton -John Ajkcw -

James Edmunfon - -

Humphry South, for JoAw Gore -

John Falconer -

Francis Iiopegood Esquire -Samuel Barnard -Sir Gilbert Heathcott Rachel Mendes

Henry Palmer -

John Frederick Arnold -

Jane Edmunds -IVm. Heyton and }

/fwi. Greenhull

Tho.arjd Atm/ Corbett Richard Jahcway -Thomas Cock - r Henry Soames -Jo/im Woven -

Elias Pears - -

Robert Heysham Esquire - -

Charles Kent -Alard Belin

Ctct. qrs. if

1,035 — 13 Sugar.

292 1 15 ditto.

3t>9 — — ditto.

113 — — ditto.

1>°49 2 — ditto.

91 — 9 ditto.

37 — ditto.

2 6 — — ditto.

936 — — ditto.

100 — — ditto.

5i 3 — ditto.

95 3 — ditto.

214 — — ditto.

667 — — ditto.

264 — — ditto.

69 — — ditto.

60 2 — ditto.

59 2 — ditto.

335 2 — ditto.

326 — — ditto.

142 2 — ditto.

36 — — ditto.

17 2 — ditto.

18 3 — ditto.

66 18 ditto.

1.24 — — ditto.

797 3 — ditto.

48 1 t8 ditto.

Sufferers by Fire in Thames-Jjkreet

6,663 — 17

£ o. rf.

Custom - 1,107 16 6

Sir Jitflus Beck

John Bell -Charles Kent and Com.

Robert A/Ion Warren Cary

Edward Watkinfin and Com. per Hum. Morice Esquire

Upon the Petition of John referred to the said

Committee:

That the Committee did likewise examine, pursuant to the Order of the House, the Matter of the said Petition; and find the same to be as follows:

That the Petitioner did import Sixty Barrels, containing Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Ninety-niue Pound of Smalls;

That he had the Misfortune to have Thirteen thousand One hundred Forty-three Pounds of those Smalts burnt by the late Fire, for which he had paid the Customs, amounting to 141 /. 9 s.

That the Committee also examined the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Bainton and Allard Belin, of London, Merchants; and find ' the same to be as follows;

The Petitioner Thomas Boynton did, before the late Fire, import One hundred and Twenty Hogsheads of French Wines; of which Forty-five llogfliead3 were burnt, besides Sixteen very much damnified; the Custom whereof amounts to 767 /.

And it appeared to the Committee, That Allard Belin did pnter atthe Custom-house, and paid Custom.^/. 11*. 10 £</.-Jbr Thirteen Calks of Prunes; and that all the said Thirteen Calks were destroyed by the said Fire.

Upon the Petition of Adrian Vanbracklt and Thomas Sikes, of London, Merchants, referred to the same Committee:

Vol. 18.

35 3 — Ginger.

8 1 — ditto.

31 — — ditto.

75 — — ditto. Custom - 28 .3 9

Tons. Gal'.

65 44 Oil. V

44 — ditto.

109 44 Custom - 497 >3 2

968 Sarsaparilla. Custom - 55 10 —

Customs paid - £. 1,689 3 5

That the Committee, according to Order, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and find the same to be as follows;

Thomas Sikes, One of the Petitioners, did make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Committee, That, on the 4th and 5th of January 1714, he imported several Quantities of Wines, amounting to FourTons and One hundred Eighty-nine Gallons of Spani/hWines; for all which the Duties have been paid: That his Loss, by the late Fire in Thames-street, is Three Tons and Seventy Gallons; for which the Customs amount to the Sum of 75/. 17#. 4

Upon the Petition of Thomas of London,

Merchant, referred to the same Committee:

That the Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Allegations of the said Petition; and find the Matter of Fact to be as follows; viz.

That, in July 1713, your Petitioner did import, at London, Twenty-nine Tons One Hogshead and Two Gallons of French M ines; for which he paid the Duties.

That it appeared to the Committee, That Thirteen Hogsheads of the said Wines were destroyed by the said Fire, notwithstanding the utmost Industry was used to preserv the fame; the Custom whereof amounting to the Sum of 173/. i6j. 3 d.

And the Committee, upon Examination of the Matter of the said several Petitions to them referred, do find,

3 D That

*94

jutti.

A. 1715.

Clamkstine Export of Wool.

That the Whole o tthe Customs bf all the said Goods, burnt and destroyed by the late dreadful Fire in Jireet, amount to the Sum of 2,901 /. 17 io| d.

Ordered That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Drew reported from the Committee, who were to consider of the Laws for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; and to consider of proper Methods for the Encouragement of the Woollen M^nufafiture; That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read; and are as follows; viz.

iff. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That the Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth and Tenth of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the Explanation, and belter Execution, of former Afits made against Transportation of Wool, Fullers-earth, and Scouring-clay, be made to extend to the Kingdom of Ireland.

ad. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Wool, Woollen Yarn, or Worsted, in Ireland, be, at any time, carried or conveyed within Miles of the Sea, unless direfilly to such Ports which are free for the exporting the same to England, under a Penalty; unless by special Licence or Permit first had from a proper Officer for carrying any Quantity of Wool to such Places where Wool is manufafitured; and which Place or Places shall be particularly mentioned in such Permits; and, in such Case, sufficient Security shall be first given in treble the Value of the Goods so licensed, that the whole Quantity shall be manufafitured in those Places; and the Proof of the Manufafituring thereof shall lie on the Persons who give such Security.

3d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Licences, or Permits, for the removing Wool, Woollen Yarn, or Worsted, in Ireland, be made returnable to the proper Officer, within Days; and that all Persons shall return such Licences or Permits within such lime, under a Penalty; and the same Method to be observed in Great Britain; and, to prevent Collusion between the Officer and Grower, or First Owner, of such Wool, that the Officer, who gitrnts the same, shall transmit a Copy thereof to the next Collector of Excise or Customs, within Days

thereafter.

4th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person may seize any Wool, Woollen Yam, or Worsted, carried, lodged, removed, whether shipped . any-where in Ii'eland, contrary to any the Direfilions of the said Afit, of the Ninth and Tenth of his late Majesty King William, lb to be extended as aforesaid.

5th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of all Seizures and Forfeitures in Ireland, Three-fourths shall be to the Person or Persons who shall seize the same, to be intitled thereto, upon Convifition of the Party; and the other Fourth shall be to the King, for the Use and Encouragement of the Linen Manufofiture in Ireland; and that, of all Seizures and Forfeitures in Britain, the Seizer shall be likewise intitled to Three-fourths, and the other Fourth to the King; and the Crown to be at the Expence of Prosecutions in both Kingdoms.

6th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Wool, Woollen Yarn, or Worsted, be, at any time, carried or conveyed any-where in Ireland, within Miles of the Sea, in any other Package than common Linen Packs or Bags; and that no lese Quantity be contained in each than Weight, under a

Penalty; except that a Grower give full SatisfofiVion to the Officer, that he had not lb much grown; and then the Quantity to be specified in his Permit.

7th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, instead of the great Ships and Sloops employed in England and Ireland against the Owlers, by virtue of the Tenth and Eleventh of his late Majesty King William, a greater Number of smaller Vessels be employed in Britain and Ireland for that Purpose; which may be a more effectual Method for preventing the exporting Wool to France, and may considerably lefl'en the yearly Charge of the Publick.

8th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the same Duty now paid by the Exporter of Wool in Ireland, be paid by the Grow er, or First Owner, of such Wool, when fold, or within Months alter Sale.

9th. Resolved\That it k the Opinion of this Committee, That whosoever shall discover any Person or Persons, who shall export any Wool, Woollen Yarn, or Worsted, to the Value of from Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to Law, so as such Person or Persons be convifited, shall have and re1* ceive, over and above all Rewards given by any Law, the further Reward of Forty Pounds, to be paid oitt of the Treasuries of Great Britain and Ireland, rc-ijiefitively.

1 oth. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comhiittee, That, for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, the Port of Exeter be made a free Port for the Receiving of Wool from Ireland; and to continue so in the Time of Peace only.

1 ith. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Encouragement of the Linen Manir-fafiture in Ireland, which may tend to the Discouragement of exporting Wool from thence to France, lo much of the Afit, of the Third and Fourth of her late Majesty Queen Anne, relating to the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth for the Plantations, be made perpetual; and that the Irish Linen Cloth, imported into Great Britain, may be re-exported Duty-free.

12th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That no Licence-money may be taken hereafter for exporting Wool from Ireland to England, but the common Fee to the Secretary; and that his Majesty will be pleased to order an Equivalent for the same lo the Lord Lieutenant, or the Chief Governor for the Time being, in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until fVedncfday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Hav*rfoid vileges and Elefitions, touching the Election for the Town WeaEledioo. of Haveiford West, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to Preventing bring in a Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotous Af- Tuniultt»8cc* lemblies; and for the more speedy and eft'efitual punishing the Rioters: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Mr. Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, by the Right Privilege — honourable Robert Walpole Esquire, of a printed Pam- Libel lou« phlet, intituled, " The Evening Po/lfrom I June l ub, icaUon* " 28th, to Thursday, June 30th, 1715 ;" wherein is

printed a Copy of a Letter, subscribed " R. IV." to the

I ord S----- at the Bath; which printed Letter had been

cried about the Streets, as if wrote by the said Mr. Walpole to the Lord Sunderland; anil had also been maliciously and indultriously font all over the Kingdom;

The said Evening P(Jl, and another printed Copy of the said Letter, were delivered in at the Table:

And the printed Copy in the said Evening Po/l was read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Letter, inserted in the said Evening P(f, is a false, fcaudalons, and traiterous Libel, highly reflecting on his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire

into

Earl

Clanricard's

Elute.

Ways and Means.

Endowing poor Rectories, Sl c.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Earl

Clanricard’s

Estate.

11-'.

r

i Geo. I. ib —

into the Author, Winter, and Publisher, of the said false, scandalous, and traiterous Libel:

And it is referred to Mr P Lord Win. Powlet t, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Char. Turner, Mr. P/umptree, Sir Richard Mr. Ingrain,

Mr. Barington, Mr; Carter, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heyisham, Mr Sir Robert

Dovers, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Hampden, Lord Coningsby, Lord Finch, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bromley, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Snell, Sir Beaumont,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Wyld, Mr. H Mr. SirWm.Gordon, Mr. Broderick, Mr Sir Richard

Farington, Mr. Eden, Mr. Smith, Serjeant Birch, Sir John Cope, Mr Pringle, Mr. Bladen, Mr. JeJJbp, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr Yonge, Mr. M r.Gregory,

Colonel Grant, Lord Canbury: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

.A Complaint being allb made to the House, of a Paragraph in the said Pamphlet called The Evening Post, telating to John Burnois, a French School-malter, who was whipped for speaking seditious Words against his Majesty;

The said Paragraph was read.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into the Author of the said Pamphlet called The Evening Post.

Ordered, That E. Berrington, Printer of the said Pamphlet called The Evening Post, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered, That/. Morphew, Publisher of the said Pam-

phlet, be taken into Culiody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Gery and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, and better executing, the Intentions of a former Act, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Eerl of Clanricard, and Lord Bophin} and for Sate of further Part of the said Earl’s Estate, for Payment of the Debts and Portions remaining chargeable upon the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengere withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for making Inclosures of feme Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Ite&ories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cloc k.

Sabbatiy 2° die Juiii'y

Anno 1 ° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining, and better executing, the Intentions Vot. 18.

' Juki. 195

of a former Act, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of and

Lord Bophin; and for Sale of further Part of the said Earl's Estate, for Payment of the Debts and Portions remaining chargeable upon the lame; was read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That the Deputy Remem- Foreign brancer of the Court of Exchequer attended; Pn>ulhu»ts

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presentci to the Nitt% House, a List of the Names of such PerloDS who took the Oaths in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in order to their Naturalization.

And then he withdrew.

The T itle of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That the Keeper of the Clink Clink Prison attended;. Prisoners,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a fleprelentation why he could not give in d Lift of the Prisoners discharged by virtue of the Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty s Reign, for Insolvent Debtors, §c.; together with a List of such Persons as were Prisoners for Debt in the Prison on the Twenty-ninth of September last, and so full continue; and also a List of such Persons as have been made Prisoners in the Clink Prison since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

And then he withdrew’.

And the said Representation, and Titles of the said Lifts, were read.

The said Representation, and Lifts, are as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

The humble Representation of William Flood, Keeper of the Manor Prison of Southwark, belonging to the Lord Bishop of Winton, commonly called the Clink Prison; which, being very large in its Circuits, and Number of Inhabitants, and bordering on the occasions many Process’, that otherwise would not happen.

WHEREAS your Honours, by your Votes of the 27th of June last, have been pleased to order. That the said Flood lay before the honourable House, " The Number " of Prisoners discharged o,ut of the Clink Prison, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year " of her late Majesty s Reign, for Relief of Insolvent " Debtors, fyc.; and also a List of the Persons now Prisoners for Debt in the said Prison, and that were Fo " the 29th of September last, and have continued so ever

" since;"----- the said Flood, in Obedience to fuel!

Order, begs Leave to represent;

That, as to the Number of Prisoners discharged out of the said Prison, by virtue of the above-mentioned Act of Parliament (which, he has heard, was between 6 arid 700); that Affair having been done and transactedby his Predecessor Mr. Benjamin Smith, before the said was admitted Prison-keeper, he the said Flood is wholly unable to give any certain Account thereof: — ’For that, as Mr. Smith died the 16th of March 17-j-f, and the said Flood did not succeed him till the 14th of April following; in that Interval of Time, as the said Flood is informed, and uas Reason to believe, the said Smith's Books, Vouchers, and Papers, relating to the said Prisoners, were conveyed away, loft, or destroyed, by his Widow, who is a crazy, lunatick Person; and none of them ever came to the said Flood's Hands.

But, as to all such Persons as are now Prisoners for Debt in the said Prison, and that were so the 29th of September last, arid have continued so ever since; that being a

Matter

19 6 % Julii. A. 17x5.

Matter within the said Flood'sCognizance; he has here- of June last, ordered to be taken into Custody, for having

unto annexed true Lifts thereof: been guilty of divers illegal and unjustiliable Practices, in

And humbly submits the same to your Honour's Con- relation to the late Election of Members to serve in Parlia-sideration. ment for the Borough of Horsham: That the Petitioner

acknowledges his said Offence; and begs Pardon for the A Lift of such Persons as were Prisoners for Debt in the fame: That, it being Term-time, and an tffuable Term, if Clink Prisonon fixe 29th September last, and l’o still his Confinement should be continued, it may prove very continue. prejudicial, as well to the Affairs of his Clients, as to his

Thomas Wye, William liJarrell, Thomas Backon, John own; and having been in Custody now above Sixteen

Beadles, Rachel White, Richard Hulls, Thomas Bromit, Days: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Mark Biddle, John Warner. Daniel Buck master, George Ordered, That the said John be brought to the Coldecot, Stephen Dolcn, Henry Masters, If illiam New- Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order land, Samuel Nelmes, John Lester, Thomas Hartley, to his being discharged.

Thomas Watts, Archibald Faine, William Negus, Henry 0 Armstrong, Hemy Creator ex, William Leefon, Jeremiah a Petition of Simon Gough, in Custody of the Serjeant Pnvi!-r_ Clarke, Thomas Hartley, Joshua Smalltime, Humphry at Arms, for distributing Money, in order to procure a "er| IVi allis, Ik illiam Colston, James Ik inter, Thomas Constable, Paul Foley Esquire, to be elected a Burgefc to serve in this

Samuel Heracks, John U aters, Margaret Lanfdon, Anlho- present Parliament for the Borough of was pre- discha^e.

ny Nelfom, John Reeve, John A nge/l, Henry Smith, Georgefcnted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Lidjey, John Wiggans, John Bedell, George Ellis, Henry Petitioner, having incurred the Displeasure of this honour-

Frankum, John Hughs, Ik illiam Macey, William Tarlton, able House, for distributing Money, in order to procure

§amuelAlarch, If illiam Neal, Bartholomew Ord, Thomas Paul Foley Esquire, to be ele cted a Burgess to serve in this

Nightingal, Henry Thurrell, John Taylor, Thomas Mid- present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the winter, Andrew Boyd, George laylor, Edward Scot ton. County of Hereford, was, for such his Offence, ordered Richard Willis, Samuel Slapp, Alexander Macdonnell, Ed-to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms;

ward PhiUipps, Augustin Smith, John Lee, William Mo- which Order was made upon Saturday the Eighteenth Day ring, George Stratford, Morgan Farrant, John Gardner, of June last; and the Petitioner doth trill continue in the DavidRoyffe, MichaelWheatlcyfl homasDunmore, Philip Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for the same: The Pcti-

Safron, Charles Creinar, Henry Barn, John Hargis, Na-tioner is deeply fallible of his Fault, and heartily lorry he thanael Fritwell, Thomas Bateman, William Smith, Cttth-hath lb justly incurred the Censure of this honourable bert Holmes, Robert Skinner, George fl est, John Hannam, House; and doth sincerely promise, that he will not any John Brotherton, DavidFoulkcs, John Bayneham, Thomas more be concerned in the like Practices: And praying,

Pratt, Roger Ballard, Thomas Skinner, John Slate, Chri-That he may be released from his Confinement. stopher Meads, Richard Dalby, William Saunders, John Ordered, That the said Simon Gough be brought to the Christopher, Benjamin Fellowes, Francis Good, James Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order Holderness, Catharine. Hicks. - -94 . to his being discharged.

A Lift of such Persons as have been made Prisoners in the Clink Prison since the 29th of September last. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marqyi*«f Robert Knight, AnntSampfon, Margaret Royley, Ri-for settling the Precedency of Robert Marquis of

(hard Bat fey, Emrutter Nichols, Siptimus More, Ralph Great Chamberlain of England, when created a Duke of

Sandown, William Murrey, Amey Pritherick, Thomas Da- Great Britain, and of such as shall succeed to the said Duke. vis, William Glasingham, Thomas Bruit, Anne Parkins, Honour, was read the Third time.

Richard Holonay, Anne Adams, Jane Brown, Richard That the Bill do pals.

Kent, Mary Pactum, Hannah William son, John Pharoah, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords,

John Innmun, Elizabeth Platt, Ben. Slaymaker, Samuel and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Gigg, Jofiph Bevis, Charles Lovit, John Gunnis, Elianor fame, without any Amendment.

Harr Won, Sarah Burton, James Crown, Nicholas Millet,

John Guyfe, Thomas Naylor, Jacob Pcnington, Thomas The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com-- Pa-.i^n'* Jalfop, Hannah Dorman, Richard Know/cn, Elianor mitten, to whom the Bill for explaining an Act, made l. c.e. Hutchens, Elizabeth Arthur, Elizabeth Hamerston, Alex- in the Ninth Year of King William tire Third, inti-ander Bojcman, Philip Mould, Thomas Jaye, Joseph Of- tuled, An Act for vesting Part of the Etlate of Thomas burn, Edward Brannard, Richard7anion, JojephDowells, Panton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Jane Larrance, John Rice, Robert Ltake, Jane Smith. Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife;

51 and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was commit-

--- ted; That they have examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Total - - 145 and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

--- cerned have given their Con fonts to the Bill, to the Satis-

William Flood, Keeper. faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had

These Two Lifts contain a true Account of all the made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had

Persons now Prisoners for Debt in the Clink Prison. directed him to report to the House; which lie read in

Ordered, That the said' Representation, and Lifts, do his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: die upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Where the same were once read throughout; and then a House. Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-~

rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Weaver Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-Tfavigation. to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable grofied.

Privilege — a pci Ion in culiody petitions for difehurge.

— __ O - - - o

from Frodsham Bridge to Northwijch, in the County of Chester, is committed, That they have Power to provide, That the Navigation of the said River do extend to Whitton Bridge, in the said County of Chester.

A Petition of John Linfield Attorney at Law, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for being guilty of divers illegal and unjustifiable Practices, in relation to the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, was presented to the House, and read; fttting forth. That the Petitioner was, the Sixteenth Day

Ordered, That William Forester Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford.

The Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined Witnesses in Justifkation of several of the Voters, against which the Petitioners Counsel had objected.

I..eive of Able ace*

Fed ford Licdion.

Aberdeen, &c. Election.

Foreign Pro tenant* Nat.

Number of Horfts used by Waggoners, &c.

La\rs rp-Iating to Coals, &c

Laws relating to Ro gues 8c<f.

roblick Debts of cotland.

i Geo. I. i° — 4° jutii. 19?

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel produced a Paper, as the Rate for the Land Tax in the Year 1714, for the Parish of Potton, to prove that One of the Sitting

Member’s Voters had been rated thereto for the said Year:

The Petitioner’s Counsel objected against the same; it not being signed by the Assessors, or Commissioners, but only by the Collectors, of the Land Tax:

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel insisting on its being read;

They were heard thereupon.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Question being put, That a Paper, intituled, " Potton Land Tax of Two Shillings in the Pound,

" for 1714," although not signed by the Assessors, or Commissioners, for the Land Tax, be read as Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence, in order to add Two Persons to the Sitting Member’s Poll; and then examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several of the Petitioner’s Voters; one, as having polled twice; others, as having no Estates in the Places where they mentioned their Freeholds to lie; and others, as not paying to publick Taxes, or Rates.

After which the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Beds ord be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Briand

Berry, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

of the Union between England and Scotland, it is agreed, That all the Publick Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as should be adjusted by that Parliament, shall be paid out of the several Sums payable to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, and otherways; and by an Act, made in the last Session of the last Parliament of Scotland, concerning the publick Debts, and an Act, of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, the publick Debts of Scotland were adjusted; and transferable Debentures were ifi'ued out to the respective Creditors, at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the 24th June 1708; and, by an Act, of the Twelfth of the late Queen, to discharge the Commissioners of Equivalent, the publick Debts of Scotland yet unsatisfied, which are adjusted, and amount to the Sum of'Two hundred thirty thousand Three hundred and Eight'Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence and Five Sixths-Parts of a Peny; and the Commissioners to ifi'ue new Debentures, for the said Sum, to the Persons intitled thereto, at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the 24th June 1714, payable out of the First Monies as shall become due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent: And praying to make effectual Provision for Payment of the Debts lb long due.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter offact; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it fe referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Lord Coningsby, Sir Char. Turner, Mr. Cu-ningham, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lenendes, Mr. Travers, Mr. Lawther, Sir IVm. Quint in, Mr.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bay lie, Sir Robert Mr.

Butler, Lord JVm. Pozvlet, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Inge, Sir DavidDalrymple, Mr. Worthy, Colonel Grant, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Neville, Mr. Barrington, General Roff'e, Mr. Gregoiy, Mr. Frcman, Mr. Jeffryesi Mr. Broderick, Mr. Morice-, and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lunes, 40 die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That One of the Clerks of the Petty Bag in the Court of Chancery attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he had searched the Records of the said Court, and doth not find, that any Person did take the Oaths in that Court, in order to their Naturalization. And then he w ithdrew.

1

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in length: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing several Law’s therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Heads for a Bill to explain and amend the Law s relating to Rogues and Vagabonds; and fending them whither they ought to be sent; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to *

A Petition of James Campbell, of London, Merchant* Agent for tl*e publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of them, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Fifteenth Article Vol. 18.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Equivalent was pre- pui,i;ck fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Debts of said Commissioners, lately appointed by his Majesty, find Scotland^ such real Difficulties in the Execution of the Trust committed to them, as they, wdth all Submission, think can only be removed by Parliament; and therefore they humbly presume to lay before the honourable House of Commons a short View of the Agreements in the Treaty of Union, which relate to the Subject matter of their Commission; of the Manner in which it was intended, as they humbly apprehend, that these Agreements should have been brought to Execution; and of what has actually happened: That, by the Treaty and Articles of Union, it is agreed. That, towards preserving an Equality of Trade, the United Kingdom shall be subject to the same Customs, on Export and Import, upon exciseable Liquors: That neither Kingdom was to be subject to the Debts of the other, due and contracted before the Union; and several Branches of the Revenue of England were appropriated for Payment of their own Debts, some for ever, some for Eighty or Ninety Years yet to run; and other Branches of their Revenue were imposed, and to continue till June,

August, and September, One thousand Seven hundred and Ten; because it was computed, that the Debts for which they were imposed might then be paid off; whereby Scotland would become liable to several Customs and Excises

that.....payable in England, which would be applicable

towards Payment of the Debts of England contracted before the Union: Therefore, by the Fifteenth Article of Union, it was agreed, That Scotland should have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof should be so charged, towards Payment of the Debts of England, in all Particulars whatsoever; viz. Three hundred ninety-eight thousand Eighty-five Pounds and Ten Shillings, for such Parts of the Customs and Excise with which that Kingdom was

3 E to

Publick Debt* of Scotland,

198 40

to be charged upon the Union, as would be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions which the then present Customs in land, being Thirty thousand Pounds per ,did bear

to the Cuuoms in England, computed at One Million Three hundred forty-one thousand Five hundred Fifty-nine Pounds per Annum; and the then present Excises in Scotlandbting Thirty-three thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum, did bear to the Excises \c\England, computed at Nine hundred forty-seven thousand Six hundred and Two Pounds per Annum: 2°, It was agreed. That, from and after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above-stated, should go, and be applied, for the Term of Seven Years, to the Uses mentioned in the said Fifteenth Article; and that, upon the said Account, there should be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of Seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent, in proportion to such Parts of the said Increase as should be applicable to the Debts of;

and generally, That an Equivalent should be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the Debts as Scotland

might thereafter become liable to pay by reason of the Union, other than such Debts in respeCfc whereof Equivalents are therein before provided: That it might be the better understood by what Rule the Equivalents above-mentioned were Hated, and to facilitate the subsequent Accounts to be made up, pursuant to the Agreements aforesaid, at the time of the Treaty, an Account was made out, of the Revenues of taken from a Me-

dium of Three Years; an Account of the Debts of England then provided for, with an Account of the Equivalents founded upon the Proportion between the Revenues of the respective Kingdoms; all which Accounts were, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of both Kingdoms, anuexed to the Minutes of their Proceedings, and signed by their respective Secretaries: That, towards executing these Agreements, it is, by the Fifteenth Article, further agreed, That her Majesty be im powered to appoint Commissioners, who shall be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain for disposing of the said Sum of Three hundred ninety-eight thousand Eighty five Pounds and Ten Shillings, and all other Monies which should arise to Scotland upon the Agreements aforesaid, to the Purposes mentioned in that Article; which Commissioners are impowered to inspect the Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues of Customs and Excise, and of all other Duties from whence an Equivalent might arise to Scotland; and that the Collectors and Managers of the said Revenues and Duties be obliged to give to the said Commissioners subscribed authentick Abbreviates of the Produce of the Revenues and Duties arising in their respective Districts; that the said Commissioners shall have their Office within the Limits of and, in such

Office, keep Books, containing Accounts of the Amounts of the Equivalents, and how the same shall be disposed of from time to time; which may be inspected by any of the Subjects who desire the fame: That, by an Act, of the 6th Year of her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, Act for further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, it is Enacted, That the Commissioners, Managers, Collectors, and other proper Officers, of the Customs and Excise, and of all other Duties and Revenues from whence an Equivalent may arise to Scotland, according to the Agreements contained in the aforesaid Treaty of Union, shall make and subscribe Two authentick Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues, with the Amount of the several Sums which shall be due, by way of Equivalent, according to the aforesaid Agreements, from the Commencement of the Union to the Twenty-fifth March One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, for the First time, and so from thenceforward half-yearly; and shall transmit one of the said Abbreviates to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being; and the other to the Commissioners of Equivalent in Scotland, for the Time being: It is further Enacted, That the Lord High Trea-

20

A. 1715.

surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury aforesaid, upon Receipt of such Abbreviates, shall and may grant his or their Warrants or Orders, for the Payment of such Sums as shall be so found due to the Commissioners of Equivalent, for the Time being, or to such Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same: That, by the same ACT of the 6th of the Queen, Provision was appointed for the Commissioners of Equivalent, out of the growing Equivalent, which was by that Act to have been paid half-yearly; but, no Payment having hitherto been made, thele Commissioners have not as yet got Payment of their Salaries; neitheris there any Fund for supporting the Charges of the present Commission: That the Commissioners of Equivalent, appointed by her said late Majesty, and velted with the aforesaid Powers, did begin the Distribution of the Money which they had received; and, tow ards being enabled to execute the other Part of their Trust, they demanded such Abbreviates and Accounts from the Treasury, and from the Managers and Officers of the Revenue, as the Article of the Union, and the afore-mentioned Act, directed; but never could obtain any other than half-yearly Abbreviates of the gross and net Produce of the Customs and Excise in Scotland; nor do these, as the Commissioners humbly think, come up to the Intention of the Article and Act aforesaid: That, since the Union, there is a very considerable Alteration in the State of the publick Revenues, and publick Debts; several Branches, which, at the time of the Treaty, were unappropriated for Debts, all the Branches which were temporary, and to have continued only till June, August, and 1710, have been, by several Acts since, further continued, and at length made perpetual; besides many Duties imposed since the Treaty, which are to continue for a long Term of Years; and the Monies arising from the said Appropriations, from the Continuance of the old, and Imposition of the new Duties aforesaid, have been applied promiscuously; that is, for paying and satisfying old Debts, and making Provision for the several Years since the Union, as appears by the several Acts of Parliament continuing, imposing, and appropriating, these Duties: And though, by comparing the Agreements in the Treaty of Union with the Acts of Parliament made since, it appears plain enough, that there is an Equivalent due, and growing due, to Scotland; yet the Commissioners of Equivalent, by not getting the half-yearly Abbreviates, appointed to be given them, have never been able to make up such Accounts of the Equivalents, as the Subjects of Scotland had Reason, from the 15th Article of Union, to expect; and, by this Delay, the Difficulty of making up such an Account will always growr greater: That, by an Act of the last Parliament of Queen Anne, the Commissioners of Equivalent were acquitted and discharged of the Sums by them duly issued; and, by the same Act, the publick Debts of Scotland, which were adjusted and certified, pursuant to the Direction of the several Acts therein recited, did amount, on the 24th June 1714, to 230,308/. 9*. 10 $d.to bear Interest thereafter at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; for which no Provision is made, notwithstanding the above Claim; and that it is believed, there is scarce any Debt due before the Union but is provided for, except this; neither has any Care hitherto been taken of the Manufactures and Fifiling of Scotland, as was intended by the Treaty, and expected by the Subjects of Scotland That by the Agreements, and Manner of Execution of them above-expressed, it appears plainly, that the Subjects of Scotland believed themselves very secure in the publick Faith, for the Performance of all these Agreements and Conditions: And the Commissioners of Equivalent being accountable to the Parliament of Britain, and by no means able to obviate the Difficulties above-mentioned: And praying to make such further Provision for the dating the Accounts of the Equivalent for these Seven Years past, as may effectually answer that End; and to settle such Branches of the Revenue of Scotland as now are, or for the future may be, applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England contracted before the Union, and the publick Debts of which are efta-

blished

Haverford

West

Election.

i Geo. I. 40 Julii. 199

lli(heel and certified by several Acts of Parliament, may be paid, and the other ends of the Treaty of Union may be attained.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Campbell, of London, Merchant, Agent for the publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of them, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of Fad; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions, the Matter touching the Election for the Town of Haverford West, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Barlow Efijuife, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir George Barlow Baronet, for the Town of Haverford West:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms.

That the Poll was;

For the Sitting Member - - 222:

For the Petitioner - - 181:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to 79 of the Sitting-Member’s Voters; v34 as illegal Burgesses; 20 receiving Alms; 15 Inhabitants not paying Scotland Lot; Eight neither Freeholders, Burgesses, or Inhabitants; and Two under Age.

On the Head of illegal Burgesses, the Petitioner’s Counsel produced,

Hat. 16 October 1629. A Collection of Orders agreed upon by the Mayor, Common Council, and other the Inhabitants; and confirmed and allowed by the King’s Justices of Assize;

By which no Person is to be admitted and Sworii Burgess (Apprentices and Freemens Sons only excepted), unlefe he be thereunto thought meet, first by the most Voice of the Common-Council of the Town, and afterwards by the Content, and most Voice of the Burgesses and Commons of the Town, under a Penalty of 10/. upon the Mayor; and further, that none shall be admitted or sworn Burgess at any Day or Time, laving the Days of Nomination and Election of the Mayor yearly, and at the Two Sheriffs Turns; and at no other time in the Year.

Against the 34 Burgesses objected to as illegal, the following Evidence was produced;

Hat. 11® Mar. 1714. An Order in the Town-Book for the Mayor’s swearing Eleven of them Burgesses when he thinks fit; viz.Thomas Gentleman, Simon Higda, Morgan Folland, John Hill, John junior,

George Hellier, and John Parrot, claiming Freedom as Burgesses Sons; Tho. Howell, claiming as Apprentice; and Mr. Lewis Powell, Mr. Lort, and the Reverend Mr. George Phillips, whole Titles are not mentioned:

Hat. 190 Afar. 1714. Another Order of the Mayor’s swearing Eleven others; viz.Thomas Bateman, George Jenkins, Henry Bowen Clerk, and David Lewis, being Freemens Sons; James Wilkin junior, having married a Freeman’s Daughter; Richard Llewellin, as Apprentice; Mark Roach Squire, Richard Esquire, John Stephens Gentleman, John Powell Gentleman, and Wm. Davids, whole Titles are not mentioned.

Hat. 20 Mar. 1714. Another Order for admitting and swearing 12 others; and the Order fays. They were then sworn accordingly; viz. Mr* Arnold,

Thomas Rees Taylor, Geo. Jones Glover, John Barnsly Butcher, Rowland Harries, and Thoihas Havies, Gen-

tlemen, (being Freemens Sons;) John Thomas, Thomas Knowles Esquire, Geo. Bowen Esquire, Thomas Edwards Gentleman, Joj'eph Allen Gentleman, and Richard Foley, whose Titles are not mentioned.

Vol. 18.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected against the Legality of these Admissions, as being clandestine and upon neither of the Three Days allowed by the Constitution: And against the Truth of these Entries they observed, That the 20th of March was upon a Sunday, when no Court w'as held; and called,

John Bateman and Richard Smith: Who spoke for 20 and 40 Years j and said, The Practice has always been to admit and swear Burgesses only upon the Three Constitution-Days; viz. the Election of the Mayor, and the Sheriffs Turns; and never at any other time, except sometimes in the same of Gentlemen of Quality, or the Mayor’s own Freeman:

That Burgesses cannot be admitted but by Conseqt of the Majority of the Common-Council; and also by Consent of the Majority of the Burgesses in the Common Hall: That all Members of the Common Council ought to be summoned to every Court; but only select Persons were summoned to the Courts in March last: Neither of them, though both of the Common Council, were then summoned: They never knew Burgesses admitted in any such manner before:.

And Smith laid, The Mayor declared. He would make as many new Burgesses as would serve his Turn.

Rowland Harries, who is entered in the Town-Book as admitted and sworn upon the 20th of March, laid, He was sworn upon the Day before the Election, being the Second of May last, at a Publick House, by the Mayor; and One of the Aldermen.

Mr. Hugh Fowler said, That Arnold Bowen, another of those mentioned to be admitted and sworn the 20th of March, polled as a Burgess; and hath, since the Election, contested, He never was sworn a Burgess.

Wm. Holloway named Twenty of the Sitting-Members Voters; and said, They received Alms, or publick Charity.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to give Evidence of Partiality, and arbitrary Proceedings, of the Mayor and Sheriff; in favour of the Sitting-Member:

But the Sitting-Member’s Counsel alleged, They were surprised: And, having no Witnesses in Town to justify the Election, they withdrew.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committees came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir George Barlow Baronet, is not duly elected a Bureefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Haverford West.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Barlow, of Laxvrenny, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Jown of Haverford West.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Proceedings of the Mayor and; Common Council of the Town of Haverford, West, in making Burgesses, without the Consent of the Commonalty, was illegal, and contrary to the Rights of the said Town: And that the Burgesses, so pretended to be made, have not thereby acquired any Right of Voting in any future Elections.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the CroWn do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Town of Haverford West, by rating out the Name of Sir George Barloio Baronet, and inferring the Name of John Barlow, of Lawrenny, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That John Snell Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend,

be

- by

Leave of Abfeoce.

Call of the House,

Messagefroral the King — Maintenance of Ministers of Fifty New Churches.

Kings

Message

deferred.

Explaining Act for Limitation of the Crown.

Endowing poor Rectories, See.

Persons in Cuiiody to be brought to the bar.

200 4° — 5*

be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Message of last:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved. Nemine contradicente, That an AddreCs be

presented to his Majesty, to return the humble Thanks of this House for his Majesty’s most gracious Message; in which he is pleased, out of his great and tender Concern for the Honour of the Church of and for the

Advancement of our most holy Religion, heartily to recommend to this House, to consider of the belt Means of settling a Maintenance for the-Ministers who are to attend the Service of the Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster-, and to allure his Majesty, That this House will effectually enable him to pursue and perfect so pious, and so glorious, a Work.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address upon the said Resolution, to be presented to his Majesty:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Lord Coningsby, Mr: Smith, Mr. Ham, Lord Win. Powlett,

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

IVzntworth, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Carter, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Erie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Hmigerford, Sir Tho. Hamner, Mr.

the Earl Barrymore, Lord Gu Mr. Freman, Sir John HindeCotton, Dr. Pashe, Mr. Lade, Sir JVm. Gor-

don, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Inge, Mr. Ward, Sir John Ward, Mr. Addison, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Minjhull, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Hen. John-

son, Mr. Windsor, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Neville, Sir Wm.

loc/ce, Mr. Shippen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of his Majesty’s said gracious Mcf-sage.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowther took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lawther reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for making Inclosures of some

Parts of the common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Ordered, That John Linfeild, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House To-tnorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That Simon Gough, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

Julii. 5*

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hotham, Sir Tho. Wheate, Prwikge-Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Colonel Mor-

ton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. London, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Carter, Mr. Coocutry, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Author of the Evening Post.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 die Julii',

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

&fOHN Linfeild, Attorney at Law, in Custody of the Privilege-J Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was, according Pe^" to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his dischar4i Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Simon Gough, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Town of aH^cn(je'Jluni

West.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in- lute' tituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, nd securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The House being informed, That the Clerk of the Foreign Crown in the Court of King’s Bench attended; Protestant*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the at" House, a List of the Persons who took the Oaths in the Court of King’s Bench, in order to their Naturalization, pursuant to the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom Betts' the ingrossed Bill from the I.ords, intituled, An Act for Estate-

Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Betts Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom Kennctt the Bill to make the River Kennett navigable from Read- Navigation. tag to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was committed,

That

Importing

Fish.

Limiting Officers in the House*

Chaplain*

Differenced arising by Fire in Thames* Arcet*

Bedford

Election*

i Geo. I. 5" — 6* J£61

That they had considered the several petitions to them referred'; and heard Counsel thereupon; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con* federation upon Saturday Morning next

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, was committed, That they had considered the Petitions to them referred; and heard the Petitioners, and their Counsel; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Sir John Cope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk?s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

... - -

Voters, upon account of their not having any Estate in the Places they voted for, or not of fuftkient Value, or not paying the publick Taxes and Rates.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Endowing Of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole P°°r Rectn-House, to consider further of the Bill for making Indo- nes' &c* fores of feme Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for‘endowing poor Redories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Colonel Bla- Publick den, Mr. Hutchingson, Sir Tho. Crqffe, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Attorney General, Sir Rob. Raymond, Mr. Contper,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Wilson, Sir Cka. Hotham, Mr. ffcr/e.

Lord Finch, Lord Hartford, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Farington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Campbell, of London, Merchant, Agent for the publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of them, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° Julii;

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Re/ohed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer feme Dignity in the Church on Doctor Barker, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members t>f this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demolished, or defaced, in and near Thames-street, in the City of London, was read a Second time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heysham, Mr. Godfrey, Sir John Ward, Sir Mr.

Hopkins, Mr, Conyers, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Richard Steel, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Crosse, Lord Coningsby, Mr. JVyld, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Tench, Mr. Radge, Lord Wm Mr. Recorder, Mr. Lyddell, Sir John Cope, Sir Richard Farrington,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir Daines, Mr. London, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Heme, Mr. Gould, Mr. Onjlmv, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lade, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir Mountague Blundell, Mr. Mr Mr.

Morice, Sir Jonathan Cope, Mr. Powlett, Sir Tho. Scccwen, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Evelyn, Mr Dockminique, Mr

Jon, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Freman, Mr. Farrer, Sir Nicholas Carew, Sir Wm. Ashburnham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Carter, Mr. Palmer, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Smobridge, Mr. Heath, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Nevi/l, Mr. Newport, Mr. Newland, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Inge, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Tufnell, Mr.

General Pepper; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford.

Ana the Counsel for the Sitting-Member proceeded to examine Witnesses to disqualify other of the Petitioner’s Voi. IS.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That the Deputy Clerk Foreign Proof the Peace of the County of Middlesex, at- testanu Nat. tended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Ilouie a true and exact Lift of what Persons took the Oaths at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Middlesex, in order to their Naturalization, pursuant to the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Lift was read.

The laid Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Sufferers, and Agents for Sufferers, Nevis and St. and other Proprietors of Nevis and Christopher ^bnitopher’s

Debentures, in behalf of themselves, and other Sufferers ® entum* by the late Invasion of the French in the Islands and Saint Christopher\ was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, the said Islands being almost ruined by the French, the Inhabitants thereof petitioned the late Queen for Relief; who recommended them to the House of Commons; and, upon their Address,.....to issue a

Commission to inquire into their respectiveLoffes, which amounted to 353,351/. 2 s.iod; and the said late Queen laid the same before the House; and, in the Year 1709, 103,003/. was granted the said Sufferers, to re- settle in those Islands; and for making good the lame,

Debentures be made out, and delivered to the Sufferer, with Interest: And, by an Act of the 9th of her late Majesty’s Reign, Debentures were distributed to the respective Sufferers, who had resettled in either the said Islands, which carried Interest at Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and be reciftered with, and paid as, unsatisfied Debentures: And, by an Act of the Tenth of the late Queen, the Petitioners Debentures, with Interest from the Twenty-fifth December One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven; should be paid, a3 the said Irish Debentures are, by Subscription, into the South Sea Stock; and the

3 F Petitioners

Privilege.

U liege r's.&c. Nat.

Number of

Horses used by Wag-goners, &c.

Butiee of

aptured

Wines*

202 6° Julii. jd.init.

Petitioners "have proved their Losses, obtained Debentures, and registered the fame; and applied themselves to the Directors of the South Sea Company; and obtained ber said late Majesty’s Commission to be permitted to subscribe the said Debentures into the South Sea Stock; which the said Directors refused, alleging, that the Interest for the said Stock was not sufficient to extend to these Debentures; and, by an Act in 171a., the Interest was appointed to be paid from 25th December 1711, to the 95th December 1714; which hath been issued accordingly: And praying to make Provision for the growing Interest from Christmas last; and that the South Sea Company be directed to admit the said Debentures to be subscribea into the said Stock, according to the said Acts of Parliament, or otherwise.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Complaint was made to the House, That Christopher Stepkenjon, and others, have been concerned in filing

a Bj[l in Chancery against Sidney Wortley, alias iague, Esquire, a Member of this House; and served an Injunction upon John Ord, Charles Atkinson, and Thomas Denham, Stewards and Servants of the said Mr.

Wortley, to stop the working of certain Collieries in his Possession, in the county of ; in Breach of the

Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the find Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Ulieger, George Christian dress, William Keller, Stephen Teijfier, Charles Loubier, and Bernard Naminick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but have constantly pro-sessed the Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of their Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Kingdom of Great Britain: And praying, That a Bill be brought in for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. London and Mr. Lozother do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Farrer, Sir Art h. Kay, Mr. Freman, Mr. Drew, Mr. Stephens, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ward, Colonel More-ion, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Erie, Lord Coningsby, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Calmady, Sir John Cope, Mr. Champernown, Mr.

London, Mr. Hill, Mr. Romney, Sir Tho. Mr.

Winstanky, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wilb. Hickman, Mr. Heme, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Bruere, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Rolt, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Archer, Lord Mr.

Inge, Sir John Stonehouse, Dr* Bask, Sir Tho.

Mr . Bridges, Sir Arth. Owen, Sir Mr.

Meyrick, Mr. Heysham, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Hunger-jord, Mr. Hales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Godfry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Shep-heard Esquire, and the Executors of the late John James David, of London, Merchant, was referred, the Matter,

as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and do find the same to be as follows;

Mr. Henry Bray affirmed to the Committee, That, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, he did

fell such a Quantity of French Prize Wines as is set forth in the Petition, to Sir John Lambert, Mr. John James David, and Samuel Shepheard Esquire; and that it was at Mr. Shepheard's House in London that he fold the fijid

Wines.

The Petitioners produced a Bill of Lading, dated the Twenty-third Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, for shipping Sixty-nine Hogsheads and Fifteen Tierces of French Clarets, for the proper Account of the Petitioners, by Peter in the New Mr. William Dare Master; signed, William Dare;

Mr. Dare’s Letter, dated from Calais, October 2 2d, 1708, directed to Mr. John James David and Company, in London-, purporting his hard Fortune of being taken by a French Privateer, under the Convoy of the Dover and Sunderland, and in Sight of them; and that, upon the First Appearance of the Privateer’s giving Chace to him, he fired a Gun, pursuant to his Sailing Orders received from the Dover: Which Orders were likewise produced; signed, Tho. Matthews directed to Mr.

Dare, Commander of the New Topsham.

The Petitioners also produced to the Committee Three several Letters from Mr. Petes' Hill, their Agent at Falmouth, directed to them in London, bearing Date Fourth October 1708; signifying, that he had drawn on each of them, on Account of the Duties of the Wines so shipped in the Nero Topsham, Wm. Dare, for London, Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, all payable to Harry Feme Esquire, for Value of Mr. Ambrose Thomson, the Collector of the Customs at Penryn, amounting, in the Whole, to One thousand and Fifty Pounds, as set forth in the Petition.

The Petitioners further produced a Writing, signed Wm. Lowndes, directed to the Commissioners of the Customs; purporting, that the Lords Commissioners of her late Majesty’s Treasury, finding, that the Proceedings against the Petitioners, for Non-payment of certain Bills of Exchange, which were drawn on them from Penryn, for the Custom of Wine brought there, which, in its Passage from thence to London, was taken by the French, have been flopped; to the end the said Mr. Shepheard, and Partners, might apply to Parliament for Relief; are pleased to direct, That the Stop to the said Proceedings be still continued, for them to apply to Parliament for Relief.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Address had been presented to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to confer feme Diguity in the Church upon Doctor Barker, Chaplain to this House: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer. That he will confer feme Dignity in the Church upon him, as is desired.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Port and Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the running of Wool from Ireland, and several Parts of Great Britain, to France, hath been, and is, prejudicial to the Trade of this Nation in general, and to those Weltern Counties in particular; and that the making Exeter, in Com' Devon, or any other Port in that Channel, a Staple Port, hath been very prejudicial, and if opened, will tend to the great Dlfadvantage of the Trade of this Kingdom, considering it is so fair an Inlet to France, under several clandestine Pretences: And praying to prevent such Exportation of Wool to France.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider the Laws in being for preventing the exporting of Wool from Great Britain to Ireland-, and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, together with the Merchants, Clothiers, and other

20 the

Answer to Addrefr.

Clan de flint Export of W00L

Ditto.

i Geo. I.

6° — 7° Juki.

the Inhabitants of Tiverton, in Devon, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the importing Wool from Ireland in the Sooth Chanel has been of evil Consequence, and opening the Way for Running'of Wool from Ireland to France, fife.: And praying, That Penalties may be inflicted oh the Mailers, Owners, and Loaders, of all such Ships loaden with Irish Wool, as shall be found out of die North ,unless driven there by

Strefe of Weather.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into Consideration.

Woollen Mr. Heysham reported from the Committee, to whom ILuntfadure. the Bill to make the Act of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for die Benefit of Trade in general; was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken intO'Considera-tbn upon Monday Morning next.

Explaining Act for Limitation of the Ciowii*

effectual; may be taken into Consideration upon this Dajr

Seveqnight

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning W«y*

next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider for ther of Ways and Means fof railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovts, 70 die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers*

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule^. An Act Betts’lSMaji for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Betts

Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate; was read the Third time.

Rcfobved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatii agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Surveyors, the Secretary, and Trea- Fifty ntw surer, acting under the Commissioners for building Fifty Churche*, new Churches, do lay before this House the Accounts in their several Offices relatingtifthe famo,

A Bill for Relief of Wine Merchants, Importers of Tobacco,&c.

Mr. Lowther, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingross’ed

Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain the

A ft, in the 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of

Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; was committed; the Amendment they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same «’as twice read.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, UP0H ^*e Bill. That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

the Duties on the fame, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon-Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

143-

A Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, Expiring was read a Second time. Law*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Bladen, Lord JVm. Powlett, Sir Tho: Calk, Mr.

TeUerafor.heNoe,^"^".

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment, with an Amendment iqade thereunto, was agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 1. Leave out from the Word " him" to the End of the Bill, and, instead thereof, add Clause (A)* (A): A Clause, That no Person shall hereafter be na-

I Broderick, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Inge, Mr. MoleJworth,

>198. Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Samuel, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Wheate, Sir Owen, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mir.

Hutcheson, Mf. Brace, Mr. Recorder,- Sir Richard rington, Mr. Meyricke, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr Sir John Ward, Mf. JeJ/hp, Mr. Archer, - Mr. Smith, Mr. Freman, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Gpdfrey; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

turalized, unless ..... exhibited for tfiat Purpose; and And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to

___ - «... _ AR IVlAAf fnio A rf AnS/V/\rt Af VirtA A 1 6LaWh

Endowing poor Rectories, &p.

that particular Words be inserted, That such Person shall not thereby be enabled to be a Privy Counsellor, or a Member of either House of Parliament; or take any Place of Trust, either Civil or Military '; or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the Crown, to hipiself, or any other Person in Truil for 1pm: And that no Bill of Naturalization shall hereafter be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Wprds be inserted therein.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for making

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an- Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to amend the Act therein mentioned, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Fullers, Dyers, fyc. of the Ctandeftins Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was prg- Export fented to_the House, and read; setting forth, That the 00 Opening of the Port of Exeter for importing of Irish Wool pas been impracticable, without manifest Danger of encouraging und facilitating a clandestine Trade to France; to which the great Difficulties of the Woollen Manufacture

Inclosures of some Parts of the Common Grounds in that , .

Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor and I its Discouragemente from abroad, are

Rectories. Vicarages. Curacies, and Chanelries. for the chiefly to be ascribed; and that the Opening of the said

Claude (line port of Wool.

Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Mini Iters.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and I retard; and bow the same may be made more Voe. 18.

Port of Exeter will be of pernicious Consequences, particularly to the Woollen Trade of this Town, and Parts adjacent: And praying the Consideration.....therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of

j£°4

7* yulii. A. 1715»

Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into Consideration.

Explaining Ordered, That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in* Act for LimU tituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Crown?ftlie Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better l'ecuring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; be read the Third time upon Morning next.

Ships out- The House being informed, That some Officers of the ward bound, Customs attended;

They were called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of all Ships that have passed to any Parts beyond the Seas, from any Ports of from

Christmas 1709 to Christmas 17 H 5 wherein is distin* guished the Burthen of Ships departed each Year respectively, and to what Places they departed: And allb. An Account of the Subsidies granted by the Statute of the Twelfth of King Charles the Second, on Goods exported from the 25th of March 1700, to 1700;

and from thence to Christmas 1714: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties which have been repaid by Debentures, from Christmas 1707 to Christmas 1714: And allb,

An Account of Cochineal seized, from Christmas 1708 to May tft, 1715.

And then they withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follorv;

An ACCOUNT of the Burthen of all Ships that have palfed into any Tarts beyond the Seas, from any Ports of England, from Christmas1709, to Christmas 1714; wherein is distinguished the Burthens of Ships departed each Year respectively, and to what Places they departed.

To what Place bound. N° of Tons, in the Year 1710. N° of Tons, in the Year 1711. Na of Tons, in the Year 1712. , t N* of Tons, in the Year 1713. N° of Tons. in the Year 1714.

Norway - 26,131 24,759 14,791 32,809 21,708

Denmark - - - - 2,926 2,438 1,990 2,250 4,866

Swecdland - - - - 4,295 2,825 3,235 7,075 4,h'Q0

Russia - - - - 5,540 4,259 2,920 4,770 3,367

Poland - - - - 1,130 928 1,129 2,579 7,356

Germany - - - - 15,812 13,602 14,225 17,839 28,647

Holland - - - w 79>oi7 98,113 94,147 91.362 125,954

Flanders - m - - - - 2,272 2,080 9,237 28,714 21,080

France - - - - 2,110 2,562 3,131 16,523 29,238

Portugall - - -: - - - 17,373 14,391 18,812 20,466 19,346

Madera - - m - - - 1,619 620 2,395 6,352 6,972

Spain - - - - 6,984 6,789 18,606 24.203 15,606

Gibraltar - - - m - - 1,900 2,426 4,653 1,331 2,285

Minorca - 150 65

StrAghts - - - - 6,255 7,295 8,934 13,801 10,882

Italy - - - to - 8,652 11,580 20,857 17,766 13-306

Turkey - - - - 2,320 - 3,080 1,950 1,060

Africa - - - 1,690 1,035 620 140 685

Guinea - - - to 2,080 2,310 805 2,000 1,860

Canaries - - - to to 1,488 2,264 2,157 2,348 2,675

Azores - - - to to to — m 30

Barbary - - - l60 300 431 95 210

Ille May - to 170 to — - 485 194

India - to - - 4,210 4,860 2,880 4,035 4,645

Antego - - - 3»740 3,660 2,680 2,171 2,615

Barbados - - - - 9,650 8,757 9,322 8,634 11,663

Carolina - m to - - 1,095 1,380 1,583 1,140 1,551

St. Christophers - - - - 720 320 360 930 160

Jamaica - - - - 6,198 5,604 7,020 3,267 7,560

Maryland - - - 5,893 3,58o 6,503 5,512 3,372

Monjerat - - - 295 590 370 770 208

Nevis 1* - - - i,45o 1,305 1,960 1,800 2,290

New England m - - - - 3,200 3,48i 4,120 4,138 4,230

New York - - r - 3,825 545 494 850 1,250

Newfoundland - - - 5,545 6,115 5,337 4,125 7,580

Pensilvania - tft - - 690 2,135 560 1,613 1,020

Virginia - to to - - 9.056 8,675 12,692 7,121 11,557

West Indies - - - i,95i 1,895 2,875 4,965 4,835

Hudson's Bay - - - ft* 120 80 120 150 310

Ireland - - - 57,855 5C558 63,309 72,263 82,396

Ille Man - - - 838 640 639 828 1,040

Guernsey - - - - 1,895 2,257 2,416 3,646 4,069

Jerzey - - m - — 806 1,006 1,102 1,479 2,244

Aldemy and Sark - - - 25 15 43 100 102

Total - - - 308,981 309,034 352,540 424,545 1 476,779

John Burgoyne, Deputy Regiller General of all Trading Ships in Great Britain.

An

i Geo. L

An ACCOUNTof exported from

From 25th March 1700 From Christmas 1700 to From Christmas 1701 to From Christmas 1702 to From Christmas 1703 to From Christmas 1704 to From Christmas 1705 to From Christmas 1706 to From Christmas 1707 to From Christmas 1708 to From Christmas 1709 to From Christmas 1710 to From Christmas 1711 to From Christmas 1712 to From Christmas 1713 to

Juki.

the Subsidies granted by the Statute of the i 2th of Charles the Second, on 25th March 1700, tt> Christmas 1700; and from thence to Christmas 1714.

to Christmas, 1700 - -

Christmas 1701 -

Christmas 1702 ——

Christmas 1703 ——

Christmas 1704 ——

Christmas 1705 ——

Christmas 1706 ——

Christmas 1707 ——

Christmas 1708 - -

Christmas 1709 -> -

Christmas 1710 ——

Christmas 1711

Christmas 1712 > ——

Christmas 1713 -

Christmas 1714 ——

205

Goods

N. B. This Duty expired ift August 1 ^10; and the 8th

March following commenced, anew.

L 9. d.

29,018 2 4

38,065 16 lot

28,118 5 2§

31,868 3 6t

30,368 6 9*

29,272 16 9i

31,508 3 10

33,289 13 10

37,751 10 2 i

34,726 2 7i

18,411 18 1

23,525 1 iof

35,062 — 61

34,499 5 ni

50,602 11 2*

N 00 O vcT 00 S? 19 8i

W. Burnet, Comptroller General.

Robert Paul, Assistant.

5th July 1715.

An Act COUNT of the AmOun't of the Duties which have been replaid by Debentures, from Christmas 1707

to Christmas 1714.

From Christmas 1707 to Christn.tas 1708 From Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1709 From Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1710 From Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1711 From Christmas 1711 to Christmas 1712 From Christmas 1712 to Christmas 1713 From Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1714

f. s. d.

689,143 611

730,439 12 7 564,602 16 u| 799,855 14 4

566,147 6 5!

779,032 7 2 k

687,049 6 9i

N. B. The Duties repaid, as above-mentioned, are for Goods first imported into England, and afterward exported, wit’nin the Time allowed by Law for the Drawback:/.

5th 1715.

£.4,816,270 11 4

tV. Burnet, Comptroller-General. Robert Paul, Assistant.

An ACCOUNT of what Quantities of Cochineal have been seized, as imported contrary to Law, from Christmas 1708 tjb Christmas 1714; and from thence to the ift day of May 1715; wherein the Quantities so imported in each Year respectively are distinguished.

Pounds. Ounces.

From Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1709 From Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1710 From Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1711 From Christmas 1711 to Christmas 1712 From Christmas 1712 to Christmas 1713 From Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1714 From Christmas 1714 to Ift May 1715

Total - - 890 1

Tho. Woodford. 6th July 1715.

Memorandum: The above 865 Pounds of Cochineal were seized from on board Ships coming from France, as imported contrary to Law.

The 25 lb. 1 Oz. in the Two other Articles, were seized on shore; and it does

not appear from whence the same came.

Vacation of Seats by accepting Office.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being acquainted, That George Carpenter Esquire, since his Election for the Borough of Whitchurch, is appointed his Majesty’s Envoy to the Court of Vienna; and that he desires to know the Sense of the House, whether he is included in the Disability of the Act of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty;

And the Clause in the said Act, relating thereto, was read:

And the Question being put, That George Carpenter Esquire, being appointed his Majesty’s Envoy at the Court of Vienna, since his Election for the Borough of

Vol. 18.

church, in the County of Southampton, his Election for the said Borough is thereby become voidj

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits of the Election for the County of Essex, which was appointed to be heard upon Wednesday next, upon ed-nesday Sevennight

Mr. Walpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, acquainted the House, That the Committee had, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, prepared'Articles Of Impeachment for High Treason, and other High Crimes

3 G and

Essex

Elc&ion.

Earl of Oxford's Im* peachment.

ao 6

A. 1715.

fcarl of and Misdemeanors, against Robert Earl of Oxford and

Oxford* tm- Earl Mortimer; and that the Committee had command-peathmenfc him, at the same time, to acquaint the House, That they shall, in a short time, have farther Articles to lay before the House against the said Earl; and that the.Committee had directed him to report the Articles, already prepared, to the House; and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

WHEREAS many Iblemn Treaties and Alliances have been formerly entered into, between the Crown of England and other Princes and Potentates of for

their mutual Safety, and from the Considerations of the common Danger which threatened all Christendom from the immoderate Growth of the Power of France:

And whereas the preventing the Monarchy of Spain from coming into the Hands of the House of Bourbon, has, for many Years, been a fundamental Principle and Maxim of Union among the Allies, in order to preserve a jult Balance of Power in Europe: And to that end, as the Designs of France on the Monarchy of Spain have, from time to time, appeared, new Treaties, and express Stipulations, have been entered into amongst the Allies, to strengthen themselves against that approaching Danger; and, oh this Foundation, a Treaty for an intended Partition, whereby a small Part only of the Dominions of the Crown of Spain was allotted to the House of Bourbon, was condemned by the Wisdom of Parliament, as being highly prejudicial, and fatal, in its Consequences, to England, and the Peace of Europe:

And whereas the Duke of Anjou, Grandson to the King of France, on the Demise of Charles the Second, King of Spain, took Possession of the entire Monarchy of Spain; whereby the Balance of Power, the Protestant Religion, and the Liberty of Europe, were threatened with immediate Danger:

Whereupon Leopold, then Emperor of Germany, his. late Majesty King William the Third, of ever-glorious Memory, and the states General of the United Provinces, finding, at that most critical Juncture, that a strict Conjunction and Alliance between themselves w’as become necessary for repelling the Greatness of the common Danger from so great an Accession of Power to the then common Enemy, did, in the Year of our Lord 1701, make, form, and conclude, a new Treaty and Alliance; whereby it was agreed,

That there shall be, and continue, between the said Confederates, his Sacred Imperial Majesty, his Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, a constant, perpetual, and inviolable Friendftiip and Correspondence; and that each Party shall be obliged to promote the Advantages of the other, and prevent all Inconveniences and Dangers that might happen to them, as far as lies in their Power: That the said Allies, deliring nothing more earnestly than the Peace, and general Quiet, of all Europe, have adjudged, that nothing can be more effectual for the Estabishment thereof, than the procuring an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty, for his Pretension to the Spanish Succession; and that the King of Great Britain, and the States General, may obtain a particular and sufficient Security for their Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions, and for the Navigation and Commerce of their Subjects:

That the said Confederates therefore shall, in the First place, endeavour, by amicable means, to obtain the said Satisfaction; but if, contrary to their Expectation and Wifbes, the same is not had, the said Confederates do engage and promise to one another, That they will assist each other with all their Forces, according to a Specification to be agreed upon in a peculiar Convention for that Purpose:

That the Confederates, in order to the procuring the Satisfaction and Security aforesaid, shall, amongst other things, use their utmost Endeavours to recover the Provinces of the Spanish Low Countries, that they may be a Fence aid Rampart, commonly called a Barrier, separating and dividing France from the United Provinces, for the Security of the States General, as they have l'erved in all Tidies, till of late that the Most Christian King has seized theln by his Forces; as likewise the Duchy of Milan, with its Dependences, as a Fief of the Empire; and contributing to the Security of his Imperial Majesty’s hereditary Dominions; besides the Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, and the Lands and islands upon the Coast of Tuf-cany, in the Mediterranean, that belonged to the Spanish Dominions; and may serve to the same Purpose; and will be also of Advantage to the Navigation and Commerce of the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and of the United Provinces:

That, in case the Confederates shall be forced to enter into a War, for obtaining the Satisfaction aforesaid for his Imperial Majesty, and the Security of his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, they shall faithfully communicate their Designs to one another, as well in relation to the Actions of the War, as all other things wherein the common Cause is concerned:

That it shall not be permitted to eklrer Party, when! the War is once begun, to treat of Peace with the Enemy, unless jointly', and by a Communication of Councils; and no Peace shall be made, unless an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty, and the particular Security of the Kingdoms, Provinces, Dominions, Navigations, and Commerce, for his Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, be first obtained; and unless Care be taken, by fitting Security, that the Kingdoms of France and Spain shall never come, and be united, under the same Government; nor that one and the same Person shall be King of both Kingdoms; and particularly, that the French shall never get into the Possession of the Spanish Indies; neither shall they be permitted to fail thither on the Account of Traffic k, directly or indirectly, on any Pretence whatl'oever; and lastly, unless full Liberty be granted unto the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and the States General, to exercise and enjoy all the said Privileges, Rights, Immunities, and Franchises, of Commerce by Sea and Land, in Spain, the Mediterranean, and all Lands and Places which the King of Spain, last deceased, did possess at the time of his Death, as welt in Europe as elsewhere, which they used and enjoyed, or which the Subjects of both or either of them, by any Right, acquired by Treaties, Agreements, Customs, or any other Way whatsoever, might have used and enjoyed, before the Death of the late King of Spain:

That, at the same time that the said Agreement, or Peace, shall be made, the Confederates shall agree amongst themselves about all the things that they shall think ne-celfary for maintaining the Navigation and Commerce of the Subjects of his Majesty of and the

States General, in the Lands and Dominions they may acquire, and that were possessed by the late deceased King of Spain; and also in what manner the States General may be secured by the aforesaid Fence, or Barrier:

And whereas his said late Majesty King William, and the States General, seriously considering, that France was then become so formidable, from the Accession of Spain to the Duke of Anjou, that, in the Opinion of all the World, Europe was in Danger of losing her Liberty, and undergoing the heavy Yoke of universal Monarchy; and that the forest Means of effecting that Design were, to divide the King of Great Britain from the States General; for which Purpose, all imaginable Efforts would be made; they therefore thought it necessary to unite in the strictest Manner that was possible; and, to that End, a defensive Treaty and Alliance was concluded, and entered into, between them, in or about the Month of November, 1701; wherein it was, among other things, agreed,

That

I.

7" Ju

207

That, in case the said high Allies should be jointly en- Electors of Hanover, Saxony, Treves, Palatine of £arj of,

gaged in War, by reason of this defensive Alliance before- the Rhine, the Duke of Savoy, the Prince of HeJJe, the Oxford’s Im-

mentioned in the Fifth Article, or on any other Account, Dukes of Wo(fembuttle, Mechlenberg, and IFirtembeyg, the ptachment.

there shall be an offensive and defensive, and perpetual, Circles of Suabia and Franconia, and of the Upper

Alliance between them, against those with whom the War the Bishops of Munster and Constance, and other Princes

shall be; and all their Forces shall be employed by Sea and Powers, being invited by the said Grand Alliance, and and Land; and they shall act in Conjunction, or fepa- relying on the Faith thereof, did afterwards become Par-rately, as it shall be agreed between them: ties to the said Confederate War against France and Spain:

That since, in the Alliance with the Emperor, made in And in the Treaty entered into, in or about the Month of September last, particular Care was taker! of the Recovery May 1703, between his Imperial Majesty and the Queen of the Spanish Low Countries out of the Hands of the moil; of Great Britain, the States General, and the King of For-

Christian King, the said Confederates expressly engage to tugal, it is, amongst other things, expressly stipulated, aid one another with all their Forces for the Recovery of That no Peace nor Truce shall be made, but by the the fame: And in Regard the principal Interest of the said mutual Content of all the Confederates; nor shall any, at

Confederates consists in the Preservation of the Liberty of any time, be made, whilst the Second Grandson of the

Europe, the before-mentioned Treaty with the Emperor most Christian King, by the Dauphin, or any other Prince

iha.ll be faithfully and sincerely executed; and both Sides of the Line of France, continues in Spain; nor unless the

shall guaranty the fame, and use their Endeavours to con- Crown of Portugal shall fully possess and enjoy all the

firm and render it more ftrorig from time to time: Lands, Kingdoms, Ides, Castles, Cities, Towns, Sic. with

That, in making Peace, particular Care shall be taken their Territories and Dependencies in or elsewhere, of the Commerce and Traffick of both Nations; as also which it now possesses: And, in the Treaty of

for their Security, as well in regard to the Low Countries, ratified by her late Majesty, it is, amongst other things,

as the Countries adjacent: eixprefly agreed,

That, when the War is begun, the Confederates shall That it shall not be allowed to make particular Tteaties; act in Concert, according to the 7th and 8th Articles of but the Peace shall be jointly treated of; and shall not be the Treaty, of the 3d of March in the Year of our Lord concluded without obtaining, as far as is possible, the 167^, between England and Holland; which is hereby Reunion of the Lands belonging to the Circles, and until renewed and confirmed; and no Peace, nor Truce, or at lead the Security of the Associated Circles be abfo-Suspension of Arms shall be negotiated or made, but lutely provided for, in the belt manner that is possible, according to the 9th and 10th Articles of that Treaty; by and better than it has formerly been: which it was agreed, And whereas, to give the greatest Strength that was

That, when the two Allies come once to an open War, possible to the Union so necessary to both Nations, her it shall be lawful for neither of them afterwards to come late Majesty, and the States, by a Treaty, in the Month to any Cefl'ation of Arms with him who shall be declared of June 1703, renewed and confirmed all Treaties and and proclaimed an Enemy, without it be done conjointly, Alliances then subsisting betw’een them; and therein it and with common Content: is, amongst other things, expressly and particularly fti-

That no Negotiation of Peace shall be set on foot by pulated, one of the Allies, without the Concurrence of the other i That as the said most Serene Queen, and the Lords the That each Ally shall continually, and from time to time, States General, are now in War with France and Spain, impart to the other every thing that pafles in the said Ne- and are reciprocally bound to assist each other, and mutu-gotiation; and shall stipulate with the common Enemy ally to defend, maintain, and preserve, their Countries and for the same Rights, Immunities, Exemptions, and Pre- Subjects in their Possessions, Immunities, and Liberties, as rogatives for his Ally as he does for himself; if so be the well of Navigation and Commerce, as other Rights w hat-laid Allies do not agree to the contrary: ever, by Sea and Land, against, and in Opposition to,

And whereas the French King, having got Possession all Kings, Princes, and States; and particularly against of a great Part of the Spanish Dominions, exercised an France and Spain; to the end a just and reasonable absolute Authority over that Monarchy; having seized Peace may the better be obtained, that may establish the Milan, and the Spanish Low Countries, by his Armies, Repose and Tranquillity of Europe; and made himself Matter of Cadis, of the Entrance into It is agreed, between the most Serene Queen of Great the Mediterranean, and of the Ports of the Spanish West Britain and the said Lords the States General, That nei-Indies, by his Fleets; every where deligning to invade ther of the said Allies shall make a Suspension of Arms, the Liberties of Europe, and to obstruct the Freedom of or a Peace, with France or Spain, or any other King,

Navigation and Commerce; and, instead of giving the Prince, or State, who shall molest or attack either of Satisfaction that ought jiiltly to be expefited, had pro- the said Allies, but in Conjunction, and by common ceeded to further Violences, and had taken on him to Content:

declare the pretended Prince of Wales King of England, And w'hereas the said War was, for several Years, car-Scotland, and Ireland; and had also influenced Spain to ried on with yigour and Unanimity, by her Majesty, and concur in the same Affront; her late Majesty Queen Anne, her Allies? at a Vast Expence, both of Blood and Trea--taking notice that (lie found herself obliged, for main- sure; for the Support of which, on the Part of England, taining the publick Faith, for vindicating the Honour of many Millions have been granted by Parliament; who, the Crown, and to prevent the Mischiefs which all Europe on many Occafioris since, continued not only to express was threatened with, to declare War against France and their Sense of the Justice and Necessity of the War, but Spain, did accordingly in the Month of May 1702, in the did frequently give their humble Advice to the Throne, most publick and folemu Manner, declare War against That no Peace could be safe, honourable, or lasting, so France and Spain; and, in the said Declaration, placing long as the Kingdom of and the Indies, con-

her entire Confidence in the Help of Almighty God, in tinued in the Possession of any Branch of the House of so just and necessary an Undertaking, declared, That (he . Bourbon:

would, in Conjunction with her Allies, vigorously prole- And whereas it pleased Almighty God to grant to the cute the same by Sea and Land; being assured of the Confederate Arms, under the Command of their great and ready Concurrence of her , Subjects, in a Cause they had victorious General the Duke of suchunpa-

so openly and heartily efpouled: And his Imperial Ma- ralleled Successes, as exceeded even their own Hopes, and jesty, and their High Mightinesse, pursuant to the Trea- the Fears of the Enemy; and, by the manyfignal Victories ties afore-mentioned, respectively, in or about the said of ScheUenberg, Iiochstedt, and Ramellies,

Month of May 1702, did likewise declare War against as well as by the Conquests of the Electorates of France and Spain: and Cologne, and the Reduction of the Spanish Netherlands,1 And whereas the Kings of Portugal and Prussia, the and many other great Advantages both by Sea and Land,’

Vol. 18.

20$ 7° Jiilit. A. 1715.

fearl of and by the Wisdom and Unanimity of their Councils, Taking of Mons and Downy, , and

Oxford’s im- t|^ G|ory of the Confederate Arms, and the Reputation and the penetrating the Lines near the Scarpe

peachment. Great Britain in particular, was raised to an higher And whereas, from the prosperous Condition of the Pitch than in any former Age: Affairs of the Allies, and the Wisdom, I'irmness, and

And whereas her late Majesty, in ConjunQion with Unanimity, of their Councils, nothing remained, in all her Allies, wifely foreseeing, that, whenever the Enemy human Appearance, but that they should reap the Fruits should be brought to make Overtures of Peace, the furelt of their Victories in a speedy, just, honourable, and last-Way toput an End to the War, and prevent France from ing Peace; and, on the other hand, nothing was left to putting in Practice her usual Intrigues, was, by previously raise the Hopes of the Enemy, whereby to defeat that infilling on such Conditions from France, that nothing happy Prospect, but the Success* of their secret Endea-might remain to be done in a General Assembly, but to yours to disunite the Confederacy: give them the Form of a Treaty; and, for those Reasons, , And whereas Earl of Oxford and Earl,

a Preliminary Treaty was concluded on, and was after- with other evil-minded Personsj Enemies to the true In-Wards figued by the Plenipotentiaries of his Imperial Ma- terefts of their own Country, as well as to the common jesty, of her late Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, Liberty and Welfare of , having, by many wicked

and of the Lords the States General of the United Pro- Arts, and bale Insinuations, obtained Accel's to her late t mces, and afterwards ratified by their Principals; where- Majesty Queen Anne; and, in or about the Months of in the Interests of the several. Allies were adjusted, in July or August 1710, being admitted into her Councils, order to a General Treaty of Peace with France;and and into Places of the highest Trust; and, to make way therein the Restitution of the Spanish Monarchy to the for their wicked Enterpiizcs, did, by their evil Counsel House of Austria, being One of the chief Causes for and Advice, prevail on her Majesty to diliolve a Parlia-carrying on the War, is laid down as an immutable ment which had given the most unquestionable Proofs of Foundation among the Allies: their great Wisdom, and of their true Zeal for the com-

And whereas, in the Year of our Lord 1709, the King mon Cause; for which, as well as for the many Marks of of France, having first signified his Consent to the Recti- Duty and AffeClion given to her, her Majesty returned her tution of the Spanish Monarchy to the House of Austria, hearty Thanks, and expressed her great Satisfaction: sent Ministers to the Hague, to treat with the Ministers And whereas the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl of the principal Allies on a General Peace; and, in the Mortimer, and others his Accomplices, had formed a trea-Conferences held thereupon, the Interests of all the Al- cherous Correspondence with the Emissaries of France; lies, as adjusted in the said Preliminaries, were pofuively by means whereof, certain Propositions were transmitted and expressly agreed to by the Ministers of France, and from France to England, signed by Monsieur de particularly that of the Restitution of the intire Spanish Secretary to the King of France, in the Month of April Monarchy to the House of Austria; and the said Nego- 171L to be the Bafts of a Treaty of a General Peace; tiation was afterwards broke on no other Dispute, but on which Propositions though her Majesty was prevailed on, the 37th Article of the Preliminary Treaty, concerning by the false Counsels of the said Robert Earl of Oxford and the 'Hme and Manner of evacuating Spain; Earl Mortimer, and others, to receive as a sufficient Foun-

And whereas, the Conferences being resumed at Ger- dation for a Treaty of a General Peace, and, as such, to truydenberg, in the Year of our Lord 1710, the said 37th communicate them to the Grand Pensionary and the Mi-Article became the only Subject.of the Negotiation which nifters of Holland; her Majesty was, however, graciously was then let on foot for the finding out some Equivalent, pleased, at the same time, to declare to them her Pleasure, by which the same Security might be given to the Allies, by her Secretary of State, That being resolved in making as they had by the 37th Article of the said Preliminaries: Peace, as in making War, to act in perfefit Concert with

And though it was unquestionable, that before any Nego- the States, Ihe would not lole a Moment in transmitting a tiation was begun, that while the Preliminaries were treat- Paper of that Importance; and that, though the Propofi-ing, that by those Preliminaries themselves, that before tions were general, and contained an air of Complaisance the last Negotiation was resumed, and all the while it to her Majesty, and the contrary towards the States, yet lasted, the Restitution of Spain, and the Indies, was laid that could have no ill Consequences, as long as her Made wu as a firm and immoveable Foundation of the Nego- jesty and the States understood one another, and acted with tiation; and no Question remained concerning it with the as little Reserve as became Two Powers lb nearly allied in Ministers of the Allies, or those of France, but touching Interest; and that the Pensionary should be allured, that the Security for its Execution; and though all seasonable that Rule should be inviolably kept on her Part: and prudent Overtures were made by the Allies for set- Which gracious Declaration of her Majesty, as well as. tlingan Equivalent; yet the Conferences were broke off the livid Propositions, being maturely considered by the by France, without any Satisfaction therein: Grand Pensionary and the Ministers of Holland, an An-

And whereas the sincere Intentions of all the Allies to fwer was returned from them to her Majesty, full of Duty have settled the Peace of Europe on solid and equitable and Thankfulness for the obliging Manner in which Foundations, were notorious and incontcstable; and the lhe was pleased to communicate the said Propositions; Rupture of the said Negotiations could only be imputed and with the utmost Assurances of mutual Confidence, so to the Enemy; her Sacred Majesty, in Conjunfition with necessary to prevent the Designs of the Enemy; but more her. Allies, renewed their Resolutions to continue and push particularly, That the States desired, equally with Great the War with Vigour, and to make all possible Efforts, as Britain, to have a general, definitive, and lasting Peace; the only Means left to force a good and general Peace; and declared, That they were ready to join in all the moll and her Majesty, in her Speech from the Throne, on the proper Measures, to procure it: That the Propositions 15th of November 1709, taking Notice of the Endeavours were yet too general; and that the States desire, as Great of the Enemy, during the said Negotiations, to amuse, Britain did, that France w'ould explain herfel.f more and create Jealousies among the Allies, declared her Re- particularly upon the Points therein contained, and impart fentment thereat; and earnestly recommended the carrying a Plan which lhe thinks the most proper to lccure the on the War, and a vigorous Prosecution of the Advan- Interest of the Allies, and settle the Repole of Europe; tages obtained, that file might put the last Hand to that after which, a more particular Negotiation might be great Work, of reducing the exorbitant and oppressive entered into:

Power, which had so long threatened the Liberties of notwithstanding all which Premises;

Europe: Article 1.

And it having pleased Almighty God, after the said He the said Earl of and Earl

Preliminary Treaty, to bless the Confederate Army, un- having no regard to the Honour or Safety of her late der the Command of their consummate General the Duke Majesty, or her Kingdoms, or to the many solemn En-of Marlborough, with new and signal Conquests, the gageinents lhe was then under to the old and faithful AJ-ReJuftion of Tournay, the Vi61ory of the Jafnieres, the lies of this Nation, or to the common Liberties of

but

i Geo. I. 7°

but being devoted to the Interest, and the Service; of the French King, the common Enemy, and being then Lord High Treal'urer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council; contrary to his Oath, and in Violation of his Duty and Trust, and in Defiance of the Tenor of the several Treaties afore-mentioned, or feme of them, as well as of the frequent Advices of Parliament, and the many Declarations of her Majesty from the Throne; hut more particularly in Defiance of the lblemn and mutual Assurances which had been lb lately renewed between her Majesty and the States, to act in perfect Concert with them in making Peace, as in making War; did, On or about the Months of Jyly or August, in the Year of our Lord ! 711, mali-eiously and wickedly form a most treacherous and pernicious Contrivance and Confederacy, with other evi!-disposed Persons, then also of her Majesty’s Privy Council, to let on foot a private, separate, (^(honourable, and deliructive Negotiation of Peace between Great Britain and France, without any Communication thereof to her Majesty’s Allies, according to their l’everal Treaties; and was not only wanting in his Duty and Trust to her Majesty by notoppofing, and, as far as was in his Power, by not advising, her Majesty against going into any private, separate Negotiation with France', but, in Execution of his Purposes aforesaid, he the said Earl

of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did advise her late Majesty to fend Matthew Pryor Esquire, direCily to the Court of France, to make Propositions of Peace, without communicating the same to her Majesty’s Allies: And accordingly the said Matthew Pryor, by the Advice, and with the Privity, of him the said Earl of and Earl

Mortimer, and other false and evil Counsellors, in or about the Months of July or August in the Year of our Lord 1711, was lent, in a clandestine Manner, from England to France; and did communicate the said Propositions of Peace to the Ministers of France; in which the particular Interests of Great Britain, as well as the common Interest of Europe, were (bamefully betrayed: And, ii Manifestation of his said Design to exclude her Majesty’s Allies from their just Share in the said Negotiation, an express Article was inserted in the said Propositions, by the Privity and Advice of him the said Robert Earl ®f Oxford and Earl Mortimer, that the Secret should be inviolably kept till allowed to be divulged by the mutual Consent of both Parties; although the King of had,

- in the Propositions signed by Monsieur de Torcy, and iraivsmitted in the Month of April preceding, offered to treat with the Plenipotentiaries of England and Holland alone, or jointly with ihofe of the Allies, at the Choice of England:By which treacherous and dangerous Advice, be the said Rebu t Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did cot only contrive, and let on foot, a Negotiation of Peace more advantageous to France than even France itself had asked; but thereby did put it into the Power of the common Enemy to create incurable Jealousies and Discords between her Majesty and her faithful Allies, and to destroy the Confidence which had so long, and so success-fiilly, been cultivated between them, and which was so eecessary for their common Safety.

Article 2.

That the French King, laying hold of the said treacherous Overture, set on foot in manner aforesaid, did, in or about the Months of August or September, in the Year of

our Lord 1711, lend over Monsieur into England, to carry on a clandestine and separate Negotiation of Peace; which being made known to him the said Robert Earl of Oxjordawd Earl Mortimer, he did afterwards, in the said Month of September 1711, secretly and unlawfully, without any Colour of Authority, meet, confer, and treat, with the said Sieur Mefnager on the Negotiations of Peace between Great Britain and France-, and therein he did ad-vile and promote the making a private and separate Treaty or Agreement beta eeri the said Crowns; which said Treaty or Agreement was afterwards, with the Privity, Consent, and Advice, of Irish the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, agreed, concluded on, and signed, by the

Vol. IS.

said Sieur Mefnager, on the Part of France; and by the Earl of Earl of Dartmouth, and Henry St. John Esquire, Two of Oxford's Ini-her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in behalf of Peachment' her late Majesty; by virtue only of her Majesty’s Sign Manual under the Signet, and without the lealt Knowledge or Participation of the Allies: In which Treaty^ the immediate Interests even of Great Britain are given up to France, and the Duke of Anjou is admittted to be King of Spain; an express Stipulation being therein made with the Sieur Mcjnager, in the Name, and (as therein is

alleged) pursuant to Powers from King Philip, as King of Spain: Whereby he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did not only aifuiuc to himself regal Power, in taking upon him to meet and treat with the Enemy, without any Authority or Powers from her Majesty; but did '.( hat in him lay to subvert the ancient and established Confritution of the Government of these Kingdoms, by introducing illegal and dangerous Methods of transacting the most important Affairs of the State:

And by which private and separate Treaty, he the said.

Robert Earl of Oxfordand Earl Mor did what in him

lay to dissolve and cancel the many lblemn Treaties her Majesty then stood engaged in to her good and ancient

Allies; and whereby her Majesty, even before any thing

was finally settled for the Safety or Advantage of her King-,

doms, was brought to this fatal Dilemma; either to sub-

mit to the Dictates of France in the Progress of the said

Negotiation; or, so notorious a Breach of national Faith

being divulged by the Enemy, from thence to lol’e all

future Confidence of her good Allies.

Article 3.

That the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, the better to disguise and carry on the aforesaid private, separate and dangerous Negotiation, did, together with other evil-disposed Persons, then in high Trust under her Majesty, contrive and advise the preparing and forming a Set of general Preliminaries, intituled, Preliminary Articles, on the Part of France, to come to a general Peace; and that the same should be signed by the said Sieur Mefnager only: And, the same being so prepared and signed by the said Sieur Mefnager, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did, contrary to his Duty and Trust, iuipiously advise her Sacred Majesty that the same should be, and accordingly they were> received by her Majesty, and communicated to the Ministers of the Allies then residing in England, as the Ground of a general Negotiation of Peace; and as if the same were the only Transactions that had been on this Subject between Great Britain and France: And, to this End, the private Treaty, signed, as aforesaid, by the Earl of Dartmouth and Mr. St.John, on the Part of England; and by the said Sieur,

on the Part of France; w as, by the evil Advice and; Contrivance of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others, w ilfully and industriously concealed, not only from all the Allies, but even from her Majesty’s Council, and her Parliament: And he did further advise her Majesty, not only to accept the said general Preliminaries, but, in her Name, and by her Authority, to communicate the same to the States General, as a sufficient Foundation whereon to open the-Conferences of Peace with France:

And the more effectually to cover from the States General the pernicious Steps, which his evil Influence had engaged her Majesty in with the common Enemy, certain Instructions were prepared, and, by his Counsel and Advice, were signed by her Majesty, and delivered to the Earl of Strafford, her Ambassador to the States General;

wherein the said Earl of Strafford is directed to represent to the Pensionary of Holland, and to fuel) others as shall be appointed to confer with him, That w hen her Majesty had received, in May last, by his Excellency’s Dispatches, an Account of the Sense which tliofc among them, who were at that lime in the Secret, had of the Overtures made by France for letting a general Negotiation of Peace again on foot, and of the Answer which, it w’as desired, might be returned to the Propositions signed by Monsieur de

3H " Torcy,

Earl of Oxford's Im« peachmeRt.

210 70 JnliL A. 1715.

Torcy, her Majesty did immediately acquaint die Enemy,

That their Offers were thought by her, and by the States General, neither particular nor full enough; and therefore that her Majesty did insist. That they tliould form a distintt PrqjeCfc of Inch a Peace as they were willing to conclude; whereas no such Instances had been made to the Enemy on her Majesty’s behalf: But, on the contrary, notwithstanding her Majesty had declared, That the Propositions of Monsieur de Torcy were thought by her, and the States General, neither particular nor full enough; yet, without any further Explication from the Enemy, her Majesty was prevailed on, in manner aforesaid, to fend over Propositions to Franc, as general and ensnare-ing, and, in all respects, as destructive to the Interests of Great Britain, and her Allies, as the Propositions of Monsieur de Torcy: And the said general Preliminaries, communicated to the States in manner aforesaid, were calculated only to amuse and deceive them into a general Negotiation with France; and, in the Particulars above-feid, as well as in several others, the said Instructions contained Matters either fall’e, or grosly prevaricating and evasive: By which most wicked Counsels of him the said llobert Earl of Offordand Earl , that unquestion-

able Truth and Sacrcdness,' which, by the Laws of Nations, ought to accompany and constitute the Instructions of publick Ambassadors to Princes in Friendship, and Confederacy against the common Enemy, was most vilely prostituted to the most dangerous Purposes, to deceive and mislead her Majesty’s good Allies in Matters of the great-eft Importance to their own Interests, and the Interests of these Kingdoms; the Honour of her Majesty’s Sacred Person, and of the Imperial Crown of these Realms, which had been raised to the highest Pitch of Glory abroad, and had been justly held in Veneration with her good Allies, was scandalously debated and betrayed; and the Royal Hand, by the wicked Arts of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, was made the Instrument to advance the Interest of the common Enemy.

Article 4.

That whereas the Earl of pursuant to his

find Instructions, had communicated the Preliminaries, signed by Monsieur Mcfnageronly, to the States General; who, being justly alarmed at the pressing Instances made, on the Part of her Majesty, that Conferences should be opened on Propositions as general and uncertain as those so lately offered by France, and signed by Monsieur de Torcy; and their High Mightinesses, having been unfuccelsful in their Remonstrances to the Earl of Strafford against opening the Conferences upon the said Propositions; did fend over M r. Buys their Ambassador, to represent to her Majesty, as well the Hazard of meeting the Ministers of France, before the essential Articles were first settled by special Preliminaries, or, at least, explained by France, and made specifick; as likewise the Advantages to the Enemy, who, being but One Body, were influenced by One Council, and directed by One Power; whereas the Confederates consisted of several Powers, whole Interests are not only distinct, but, in many Cafes, contrary to each other; whereby the French would have a fair Opportunity to divide the Allies, when it would be irnpoffible for them to break in upon France; and further to represent, That the Propositions themselves were, in some Instances, very prejudicial, particularly in the Articles of Commerce, Dunkirk, and the Union of the Crowns of France and Spain: All which Representations of the said Mr. Buys, by the evil Influence of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others, were rendered ineffectual: But, in order to prevail upon the States General to open the Conferences upon the said general Preliminaries, by the Management and Contrivance of him the said Robert Earl of O.iford and Earl Mortime, and oth.ers, an Occa-

sion was taken to declare to Mr. Buys at a Committee of Council, in her Majesty s Name, her constant Affection, and good Disposition, to their State, and to the promote-ing their Interest, and to treat with their High Mightiness with a perfect Confidence and Harmony: And, at 14

the same time, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did then falsly and malielously declare, or was privy to, advising and consenting, that it should be, and io it was, declared, in her Majesty’s Name, Thatlhe had made no separate Treaty with France, nor would ever’ make any, before the had fully complied with all Engagements to her Allies; and that each of them should have Opportunity to make good their Pretentions: By which false, scandalous, and dishonourable Assurances, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did not only highly dishonour her Majesty, by whose Privity the said separate Treaty with France had been, before that time, concluded and signed'; but their High Mightinesses, the good Friends, and ancient Allies, of her Majesty, were grosly abused, and thereby induced to enter into a Negotiation with France, so dangerous in itself, and so fatal in its Consequences.

Article 5.

That her focred Majesty Queen Anne having, in due Form of Lawr, and under her Great Seal, constituted die Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of and die

Earl of Strafford, her Plenipotentiaries, with full Powers to meet, treat, and conclude, with the Plenipotentiaries of the Confederates, and those whom the King of France shall, on his Part, depute for that Purpose, the Conditions of a good and general Peace, that shall be fofe, honourable, and, as far as is possible, agreeable to the reasonable Demands of all Parties; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, not contenting himself to abuse the Royal Authority to die Delusion of the States General, the nearest Allies of the Queen, but intending die universel Prejudice of his Imperial Majesty, and all the Allies of these Kingdoms, and thereby the more successfully to carry on the Measures of France, wherein he was then engaged, contrived and prepared Instructions, or was privy to, consenting and advising, the same, for her Majesty’s feid Plenipotentiaries; which Ihe was prevailed upon, by the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimers evil Counsel, to sign; and the same were delivered to the said Plenipotentiaries; wherein, among other filings, they are instructed to the Effect following; viz. " If it shall be thought proper to begin " by the Disposition of the Spanish Monarchy, you are to " insist, That the Security and reasonable Satisfaction, " which the Allies expect, and which his most Christian Majesty has promiied, cannot be obtained, if Spain, " and the West Indies, be allotted to any Branch of the " House of Bourbon;" whereas the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer had, attbat time, privately and treacherously negotiated and agreed with the Ministers of France, that Spain, and the Indies, should remain in a Branch of the House of Bourbon; and had prevailed on her Sacred Majesty to be Party to the said private Treaty, therein the same is necessarily implied: And the said Plenipotentiaries are further instructed, in case die Enemy should object, as the Imperial Ministers have done, That the 2d Article of the 7th, signed by the Sieur Mef-nager, implies, That the Duke of Anjou shall continue on the Throne of Spain; " You are to insist, That those Artides, as far as they extend, are indeed biuding to " France; but that they lay neither us, nor our Allies, u under any pofidve ObligationWhereby the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer basely entered into a, Confederacy and Collusion, even with the Ministers of die Enemy; and prevailed on her Majesty to give her Royal Consent thereto, the more effectually to impose on his Imperial Majesty, and all the Allies; and to conceal the said secret Negotiations, and the separate Treaty, that had been agreed on between Great Britain and France: And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, not only in the Particulars before-mentioned, but in many others contained in the said Instructions, has brought a lading Reproach on the Crown of these Realms, and grosly violated the many Treaties, wherein her Sacred Majesty was then engaged to her Allies, to act in perfect Concert with them throughout the Negotiations of Peace.

Article

i Geo. I. ‘fjtdti. 211

Article 6.

That the Conferences of Peace being opened between the Plenipotentiaries of the Allies and those of the Enetay, for the negotiating a general Peace, upon the mutual and most folenm Engagements amongst die Allies, not only to act in perfect Confidence with each other, but to promote their common Interest, and to obtain from the Enemy all jult and reasonable Satisfaction; and a specifick Explanation of the general Preliminaries having been given m by the Enemy at Utrecht, whereon |he Allies delivered their respective Demands; by the Artifices bf France, and the leeret Encouragement and Concurrence of the Ministers of Great Britain, the ProgreSs of the said publick Negotiation was delayed, and kept in Suf-pense, under Pretence of the Enemy’s refuting to give their Answer in Writing: During which time, lie the said Robert Earl ot Oxford and Earl Mortimer, again assum-ing to himself regal Power, in Derogation of the Royal Authority, to treat of Peace with which was then

delegated, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht; and for the promoting the Designs of the Enemy; to the apparent De-struftian of the common Caule of her Majesty, and her Allies; contrary to the known Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom; in direfit Violation of the Several Alliances her Majesty then Stood engaged iu; and in Opposition to the many Assurances given by her Majesty to act in Concert with her Allies; and in Defiance of the express Instrufitions given to her said Plenipotentiaries; w as not only w anting in his Duty to her Majesty, as far as in him lay, to have put an End to, and prevented, any further private and unlawful Negotiations with France; but did, with others his Accomplices, advise, concur, continue, and promote, a private. Separate, and unjutlifiable, Negotiation of Peace with France, diroctly from England to France, without any Communication thereof to the Allies; and, in Rich private Negotiations, did concert with the Ministers of the Enemy Terms of Peace highly prejudicial lo the Interest of her Majesty, and her Kingdoms, and of all her Allies; and whereby the good Effects of the Said general Negotiations were intirely defeated.

Article 7.

That her Sacred Majesty Queen having been prevailed on, by the false Couniels of him the 1'aid Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, to accept of a Treaty with France, on the Suppoiition, that the Monarchy

should continue in the PofieSTioa of a Branch of the House of Bourbon; and it being acknowledged, erven by the King of France, in the general Preliminaries Signed by Monsieur Mepiager, that the Excel's of Power, from the Re-union of the Crowns of France and Spain, would be contrary to the Good, and general Repoi'e, of Europe; he the said Robert Earl of Oujord and Earl Mortimer, having nothing so much in View as the aggrandising the common Enemy; yet alw ays intending to cover the Iniquity of his Heart under specious Pretences, and falle Appearances; did wickedly and treaeberously advise, and carry on, a private and Separate Negotiation with France, on the Subject of a Renunciation of his Right to the Kingdom of France by the I)uke of Anjou; and that such Renunciation should be the Security against the Re-union of the Two Kingdoms: And, by the Influence of his evil Counsels, her Majesty was prevailed on to accept, and finally to conclude and ratify, a Treaty of Peace with France; wherein the said Renunciation is taken as a sufficient Expedient to prevent the Mischiefs that threatened all Europe, in case the Crow ns of France and Spain Sltould be united upon the Head of one and the same Person; although he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer well knew, that a Memorial had been, during the said separate Negotiation, transmitted by Monsieur de Torcy, Secretary of State, and Minister, to the French King, to One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; whereby it was declared, That the said Renunciation would be null and invalid by the fundamental Laws of; which Laws

were looked upon as the Work of him who had established all Monarchies,' and which he only could abolish; and that no Renunciation, therefore, could destroy it; and, Vol. 1SS.

if the King of Spaiq Should renounce, they Would deceive Earl of

themselves that should receive it as a sufficient Expedient Oxford’s fin-

to prevent the Mischiefs proposed to be avoided: By peachment.

whifch false and treacherous Counsels, he the said Robert

Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer- did not only betray

the Ihterefts of the common Cause into the Hands of the

most formidable Enemy, but wilfully and malicioulty

abused the Power and Influence which he had obtained

with her Majesty, so far as to engage her Sacred Majesty,

and the Honour of the Imperial Crown of these Kingdoms,

to become Party with France in so fatal a Deceit.

Article 8.

That her late Majesty Queen Anne having, on the 7th Day of December in the Year of our Lord 1711, earnestly recommended it from the Throne, that Provision might be made for an early Campaign, in order to carry on the War with Vigour, and as tee best Way to render the Treaty of Peace effectual; in order to which, vast Supplies were granted, and Magazines provided, at a great Expence, for an early Campaign; and, in pursuance thereof, her Majesty having sent her Generals Lumley and doganto give early Assurances to her Allies of her sincere Intentions, and likewise expressly instrufiied her General the Duke of Ormond, not only to renew the same Affufances, and declare her llelblutions of puShing on the War with the utmost Vigour, but to concert with the Generals of the Allies the proper Measures for entering oil Action; and the Confederate Army, which at that time was the finest and strongest that had been in the Service during the whole Course of the War, and provided with all Necessaries to act with Vigour, having marched, according to the Resolution taken in Concert with her Majesty’s General, almost up to the Enemy, with a great Superiority both as to the Number and Goddnels of Troops, and animated with a noble Courage and Zeal to acquit them-Selves bravely; so that, in all human Appearance, and with the Divine Assistance, which had appeared lb visibly for them on many other Occasions, they would have been able, either by Battle or Siege, to have gained great Advantages over the Enemy, to have bettered the Affairs of the Allies, and to have facilitated the Negotiations of Peace; and the Ministers of France having frequently and earnestly represented to the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others his Accomplices, during their secret Negotiations, their just Apprehensions from the Bravery, and good Dispofrtion, of the Confederate Army; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, being truly informed of the fore Prospefil which, by the Blessing of God, the Army of the Confederates then had of gaining new Conquests over the Army of France, and whereby they wQuld have been enabled to have forced Terms of Peace, safe, honourable, and lasting; in order to difeppoint those comfortable Ex-peftations of the Allies, and to give Success to his secret Negotiations with the Ministers of France, was privy to, contenting and advising, together with other false and evil Counsellors, and, together with them, did advise and consent, That an Order Should be sent, in her Majesty's Name, to the Duke of Ormonde in Flanders, to avoid engaging in any Siege, or hazarding a Battle, till further Orders; although nothing had then been settled in the said private Negotiation for the Interest and Security of Great Britain; and although Philip King of Spain at that time had not consented to the Renunciation of his Right to the Crown of France: And, not contenting himself with having obtained that fatal Step, So highly advantageous to the Cause of France, but being wickedly determined to do all that in him lay to dissolve the whole Confederacy, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, with others, was privy to, and did consent and advise. That Orders Should be sent to the Bishop of Bristol, One of her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries then at Utrecht, to take the First Solemn Opportunity to declare to the Dutch Ministers, That her Majesty looked on herself, from their Conduct, to be then under no Obligation whatsoever to them: WTiich Two Declarations giving just Alarm to all the Allies, they represented to the Bishop of Bristol their general Dissatisfaction,

tarl of

Oxford'* Impeachment.

tit 2 7° JuHi. A. 1715.

and the unexpreflible- Confterhation they were all in: That -these Proceedings were the unavoidable Ruin of Europe: They urged Religion, Liberty, and the Faith of Treaties, to lheiv the Enormity of this Usage: Arid the States expressed their Uneasiness on no Account so much, as that they could not come to the Knowledge of their own Lot: Which llepresentations the Bishop of Bristol did, at the Instance of the Allies, figuify to One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State: But their High Mightincfies finding, that all Applications to the Ministers of Great Britain, and, in particular, to the said Robei't Earl of Oxford and Earl Mor, were of no Avail against France, and for the Interest of the common Cause, thought it necessary, in a manner the most moving and respectful, to addrels directly to her Majesty, by a Letter of the 5th of June 1712; therein expressing their great Surprize and Affliction at the Two Declarations aforementioned; and finding it difficult to conceive how such Declarations, so prejudicial to the common Cause, given so suddenly without their Knowledge, and undoubtedly too without the Knowledge of the other Allies, could agree and consist with the Nature of an Alliance, and with those Assurances and Engagements her Majesty had so lately made; and not knowing how to reconcile it with the great Goodness and Kindness which her Majesty had always honoured them with; and not being able to conceive how such a sudden Change could happen with respect to them, having carefully examined their own Conduct, and finding nothing therein that could have given Ground to her Majesty’s Diffutisfaction: And having represented the viable and immediate fatal Consequences of the find Two Orders, not only to the common Interest of her Majesty and the States, but to the whole Confederacy, and to the Protestant Religion; they befecched her Majesty, with all the Respect, and all the Earncftness, they were capable of, That flie would not perfilt in the Declarations made by the Bishop of Bristol, and would be pleased to revoke the Orders given to the Duke of Ormonde; and would authorize him to act according to Occurrences, and as the Exigency of the War, and the Advancement of the common Cause, should require: notwithstanding which, he the said Robert Earl of O.ijbrdami Earl Mortimer, being acquainted with the said Representations of the States, was not only wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, and to his Oath, and the great Trait reputed in him, in not advising, as he ought to have done, her Sacred Majesty to have hearkened to the Lid several Instances made to her, but, persisting in his desperate and destructive Measures for the Advancement of the interest of the common Enemy, did afterwards advile her Majesty to dilregard and reject the fame; mid did countenance, encourage, advise, and promote the said private, separate, and wicked Negotiations with France, without any Participation of the Allies, contrary to all her Majesty’s Engagements, and to the apparent Ruin of the common Cause:

By which several wicked mid perfidious Counsels, the Progreis of the victorious Arms of the Confederates was flopped; and an Opportunity loft for conquering the Enemy, the most favourable, in the Opinion of all the General Officers, and the Quai tcr-masters of the Allies, who were sent out to view the French Camp; and whereby all Hopes of Confidence between her Majesty and her Allies was intirely destroyed, and the King of France 111a1 !c absolute mailer of the Negotiations of Peace, and the Affairs of Europe given into his Hands.

Article 9.

That, to impose upon the Allies the fatal Necessity of submitting to the Terms of France, and, in order thereto, to leave ttie whole Confederate Army at the Mercy of the common Enemy, l.e the said Robert Earl of Oxford and E-arl Mortimer, was privy and consenting to a secret and separate Concert with the Ministers of France, without the Knowledge of the Allies, for the separating the Troops in her Myjctly s Pay from the rest of the Confederate Army; for the Effecting whereof, inttcad of preventing, as far as in him lay, so fatal a Step, he was not Only wanting to advise against so unwarrantable a Proceeding, but did

consent to, and advise her Majesty, that the Duke of Ormonde, and all the Troops then in her Majesty’s Pay, or such of them as would obey his Orders, should separate themselves from the Army of the Confederates: And, having Notice, that the Generals of the Auxiliaries paid by her Majesty, whose Honour and Confeiences would not permit them to abandon the Confederates, and leave them as a Sacrifice to France, but, for the Sake of the common Interest of Europe, and according to the true End and Design of their Conventions, did reful'e to withdraw with the Duke of Ormonde, without particular Or-

ders from their respective Masters; he the said Robei't Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and one of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, in Violation of his Oath, and the Duty and Trust reposed in him, did take upon himself an arbitrary and illegal Power to refuse, and put a Stop, to the Pay and Subsidies due on account of the said foreign Troops; although they were entitled thereto by the Conventions entered into with her Sacred Majesty, and by express Provision, made by Act of Parliament, for the payment of the same:

By which fatal Separation, which, pursuant to his evil Counsels, was afterwards made, great Numbers of the Confederate Troops, who had before, on many Occasions, signalized themselves in the Defence of the Cause of Europe, loon afterwards, at the unfortunate Action of Dcnain, fell as Sacrifices to the Eury and Revenge of France; the Siege of Landrecy w-as raised; the important Towns and Fortresses of Quefnoy Bouchain, and , were retaken by the French Army; and not only the Fortune of the W ar, but the Fate of Europe, decided in favour of France.

Article 10.

That, in further Execution of his pernicious Designs to complete the Destruction of the common Cause of Europe., and to render it impracticable for her Majesty to resume the War against France, in Conjunction with her Allies; or to recover the Union with her Majesty s old and faithful Allies, lb necessary to the Preservation of these Kingdoms; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, did carry on, and concert, with the Ministers of France, a private and separate Negotiation for a general Suspension, by Sea and Land, between Great Britain and France; and to that End, among others, did advise her Majesty to fend over Hemy Viscount Bolingbroke, One of the Pritlcipal Secretaries of State, to the Court of France, with Powers to settle the said Suspension; in pursuance of which, a destructive Treaty of Suspension was made in France, on the 19th of N. S. 1712,

by the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, on the Part of her said Majesty, for Four Months, without the Knowledge, or any Participation, of the Allies, and before any Terms of Peace were settled with the Enemy, either for Great Britain, or the Allies: By which evil Counsels, the express Terms of several of the afore-mentioned Treaties were exprdly contravened and broken; the good Friends, and ancient Allies, of her Majesty, and these Kingdoms, were totally deprived of the just Assistance, to which they were thereby entitled, and were left exposed to the Insults of the common Enemy; and, the laered Tics of Union and Friendship between her Majesty and her Allies being cut asunder, her Majesty s Pei Ion and Government, the Safety of her Kingdoms, and of the Protestant Succession to the Crown of these Realms, were left exposed to the Enterprizes of her most formidable Enemy.

Article 11.

That whereas the States General of the United Provinces were, in or about the Months of September or -1 tober in the Year of our Lord 1712, in Possessiou of the strong and important Town and Fortress of and

whereas tiic King of France had, during the Course of the said private, separate, and treacherous Negotiation between him the said Robert Earl of O and Earl Mortimer, and others, anil the Ministers ot France, signified his Consent to the Ministers of Great Britain, that the said Town

and

i Geo. I. . 7ulii. 213

and Fortrcfs of Tournay should remain to the said States General, as Part of their Barrier; and whereas her Majesty, in her Instructions, of December 23d, 1711, to her Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, had expressly directed them to infilt, with the Plenipotentiaries of France, in the General Congress, that, towards forming a sufficient Barrier for the States General, Tournay should remain to their High Mightinefies; and did afterwards declare herself conformably thereunto, in her Speech to both Houses of Parliament, on the 6th of June 1712; in which (he com-ipnuicated to them the Terms whereon a Peace might be made; and whereas, for several Years before, and till the said Months of September and October, in the Year of our Lord 1711, there w as open War between her late Majesty and the King of France; and the said War continuing for all the said Time, and afterwards, the said King of France, and his Subjects, were Enemies to her Majesty;

he the said Hebert Earl of Oxford and Earl,

then Lord High Treasurer of Great , and a Sub-

jpCt of her Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having altogether withdrawn the cordial Love, and true and due Obedience, which every true and faithful Subject owed to her fiiid Majesty, and designing to give Aid and Succour, and to adhere to the said French King, did, on or about the Months of September or October 1712, during the said War, fallly, maliciously, wickedly, and treacherotilly, aid, help, and assist, and adhere to, the King of France, then an Enemy to her late Majesty; and, in Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Affilting, and Adhering, maliciously, falsly, and treacherously, did eounlel and ailvife the said Enemy in whut Manner, and by what Methods, the said important Town and Port refs of Tournay, then in the possession of the States General, might be gained from them |o the King of France; contrary to the Duly of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Article 12.

That whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne, not only in purfliance of the Treaties lhe stood engaged in to her good Allies, and in particular to his Imperial Majesty, for the Recovery of the Monarchy of Spam to the House of Austria, thereby to preserve a due Balance of Power in Europe , but also from her just Resentment against the Duke of Anjou,w ho then (tiled himself King of Spain,

and who, in Defiance of her Majesty’s Title to the Crown, had acknowledged the Pretender as King of Great Britain; and, on these just Foundations, her Majesty had, in Vindication of the Honour of the Crown, and in Justice to her People, at a vast E pence of Blood and Treasure, and on the earnest and repeated advices of her Parliament, prosecuted avigoious War against the said Duke of Anjou;and whereas in the Years of our Lord 1710, 1711, and 1712, the said open, bloody, and expensive War was carried on between her said late Majesty Queen Anne and the said Duke of Anjou, and, during all the time aforesaid, the said War did continue; and for all that time, the said Duke of Anjou, and the Subjects of adhering to him, were Enemies of her late Majesty; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not considering the Duty of lus Allegiance, but having withdrawn his true Obedience from her late Majesty, did, at several times, in the said Years of our Lord 1710, 1711, and 1712, falsly, maliciously, wickedly, and trcachercuily, aid, help, assist, and adhere to, the said Duke of Anjou, then an Enemy to her laid late Majesty; and in the Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Helping, Aflifiing, and Adhering, and in Confederacy and Combination with the then Enemies of her late Majesty, and with divers other wicked and evil disposed Persons, did, at several times, in the Years aforesaid, ad vile and counsel the Enemies of her late Majesty, and, in such Counselling and Advising, did concert with them, and did promote, the yielding and giving up, Spain and the West Jnaies, or feme Parts thereof, to the said Vol. 18,

Duke of Anjou, then in Enmity with her Majesty; against Earl of the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of Oxford's Im-this Realm. peachmeot.

Article 13.

That whereas the Riches, Power, and Strength, of these Kingdoms, depend intirely on the flourishing Condition of Trade and Navigation; and her late Majesty Queen Anne, having due Regard thereto, as well as to the just Expectations of her People, after the vast Expences they had lb chearfully undergone in Support of the War, did, on the first opening the Conferences for a General Peace, declare from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, on the 7th of December 1711, That lhe would endeavour, that, after a War which had cost so much Blood and Treasure, the IS ation might find their Interest in Trade and Commerce improved and eularged by a Peace; and, on the 6th of June 1712, w hen lhe was pleased to communicate the Terms on which a General Peace might be made, did declare, That nothing had moved her Majesty from steadily pursuing the true Interest of her own Kingdoms; and that the Terms of Peace, obtained for her own Subjects, were such as, lhe had reason to expect, would make her People feme Amends for the great and uneq< lal Burthen which they had lain under through the whole Course of the War; and hoped that none of the Confederates would envy her Share in the Glory and Advantage of the Peace; and afterwards declared to both Houses of Parliament her Satisfaction in the near View lhe had of Peace, since it would, in feme measure, recompense her Subjects for their vast Expences; and, after the Conclusion of the Treaties of Peace and Commerce with France, did declare from the Throne, on the 9th of April 1713, That the many Advantages (he had obtained for her Subjects, had occasioned much Oppofltion, and long Delays, to the Peace; but it afforded her great Satisfaction, that her People will have it in their Power, by degrees, to repair what they had suffered during so long and burthenforae a War; whereoii both Houses of Parliament did, from time to time, express their grateful Acknow ledgments to her Majesty, for her great Care and Concern for the Welfare of her People:

And whereas, at the Setting on toot, and in the Progress, of the said private, separate, and pernicious Negotiations between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, it was laid down as a Principle, on the Part of Great Britain, never to be departed from, That France should content to adjust the Interests of Great Britain in the First place, that the Ministers of Great Britain might thereby be enabled to engage the Queen to make the Conclusion of the General Peace easy to France; and, on this plau-fible Pretence, it was infilled on, by the Ministers of Great Britain, to remit the Difcufiion of the particular Interests of the Allies to general Conferences; and, throughout the whole Course of the said separate Negotiation, all imaginable Concessions were not only made by the Ministers of Great Britain, for the real Advantage of the Interests of France against the Allies; but all Measures were entered into, and concerted, between them, that even the Ministers of France could dictate, in order to strengthen their Hands, and to enable them to impose the Terms of a General Peace; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, having nothing in View through the whole Course of the said Negotiation, wherein he was wickedly and principally engaged, in Concert with France, but the final Destruction of his Country; and, to that end, the sacrificing the Commerce of Britain to the Aggrandizement of France; was not only wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, in not infilling on, in all Events, and not procuring, in the First place, the most certain and strict Securities imaginable for the Safety and Advantage of the Commerce of these Kingdoms; but did advise her late Majesty, That, in the Propositions sent, by his Privity and Advice, by Mr. Pryor, to France, and also in the said private and separate Treaty, signed on the said 27th of September 1711, wherein the preliminary Demands for Great Britain, more particularly, were intended to be adjusted with France, the Demands for Great Britain, in point of Commerce, should not only be made in 3 I loose.

Karl of Oxford s Impeachment.

114 70

loose, general, anti insufficient Terms ;but that the Liberty of Fithing, and Drying of Fiili, on Newfoundland, should be expressly given up to; though the Recti-

tution of that small Part of the Island, which France had taken during the War, was therein referred, to be discussed, to general Conferences; and, having, by his wicked Artifices, engaged her Majesty in the said private Treaty with France, without any Security for the Commerce of Great Britain, he did artfully and cunningly contrive, with the M'mifters of France, to keep in lufpenfe all Matters that concerned the Commerce of Great Britain; until, by means of his wicked and pernicious Counsels aforementioned, France was become Master of the Negotiations: And the chief Advantages for the Commerce of Great Britain by that means remaining unsettled; and the Ministers of France afterwards diiputing the most essential Articles which had been in Agitation; and, in particular, that fundamental Principle of treating, and being treated, as Gens amieijima; and endeavouring to elude what had been agreed on in the said private and separate Negotiation for the supposed Advantage of Great Britain he the said Robert Earl of Oxford-And Earl Mortimer, under Pretence of removing a Difficulty then depending, by an Expedient ad v&ntageoustoGrcat Britain, did treacherously

advise the 9th Article of the Treaty of Commerce with France; a Bill for the rendering whereof effectual was afterwards rejected by the House of Commons, as highly prejudicial and destructive to the Commerce of these Kingdoms; but yet, for the fake of gaining that destructive Article for Great Britain, as if the same had been advantageous, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, in Defiance of the express Provision of an Act of Parliament, as well as in Contempt of the frequent and earnest Representations of the Merchants of Great Britain, and of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, did advise her Majesty finally to agree with France, that the Subjects of France should have Liberty of Fishing, and drying Eifli, on Newfoundland-, and did also advise her Majesty to make a Cession to France of the Isle of Cape Breton, with Liberty to fortify the fame; although the Isle of Cape Breton was Part of the ancient Terri tones of the Crown of Great Britain; and her Majesty had declared from the Throne, That France had consented to make an abiblute Ccffion of Nova Scotia, or Acadia, whereof Cape Breton is Part, to her Majesty:

And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl mer, intending, in ail Events, to secure to the

Advantages relating to the Fishery of and

to Cape Breton, did, in Conjunction with the Ministers of France, advise her Majesty to consent, that the same should be made an Article in the Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and France; whereas the only Advantages in Trade, pretented to be stipulated for Great Britain, being inserted in the Treaty of Commerce, were to depend on certain Conditions, to be made good by Act of Parliament:

And, pursuant to, and by the Influence of, the said evil Counsel of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, her Sacred Majesty was advised to ratify the said Article in the said Treaty of Peace, and the said Treaty of Commerce; by means of which pernicious Counsels, the good Intentions of her Sacred Majesty to have obtained for her People advantageous Terms of Commerce, were intirely fruitrated; the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain, as far as in him lay, rendered precarious, and at the Mercy of the Enemy; and that beneficial Branch of Trade, always esteemed the great Supjjort of the Naval Power, and the chief Nursery of the Seamen, of Great Britain, yielded up to' the Subjects of France:

And the only Pretence for the avowed and notorious Violation of Treaties, and the carrying on the Measures of France; viz. the adjusting first the Interest of Great Britain; through the whole Course of the said private and separate Negotiation, terminated at last in the Sacrifice of the Commerce of Great Britain to France, without the 17

Julii. 1715.

least Shadow of Advantage of Trade procured for these Kingdoms.

Article 14.

That he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did, in Concert with other evil and false Counsellors, even without any Application from his Royal Highness the Duke of Savoy, and after the King of France had, in the Course of the said private and separate Negotiations, consented that the Kingdom of Sicily should remain to the House of Austria, form a Project and Design to dispose of the Kingdom of Sicily to the Duke of Savoy, from the House of Austria; and, to effect that his unjust, dishonourable, and pernicious Project, he did advise her Majesty to give Instructions, among other things, to Henry Viscount -Bolingbroke, then appointed her Atnbafiadorto France, to demand, in her Majesty’s Name, of the King of France, the Kingdom of Sicily for his said Royal Highness: And, a Treaty of Peace being afterwards made between the King of France, his Royal Highness, and the Duke of Anjou, wherein a Cession is made to his Royal Highness of the Kingdom of Sicily, without any Concurrence or Participation of his Imperial Majesty, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did basely and scandalously advise her Sacred Majesty to consent to the same, by an Article inserted in the Treaty of Peace between her Majesty and the King of France; and afterwards, by his Privity and Advice, her Majesty was prevailed on to assist his Royal Highness against the Emperor, then in Alliance with her Majesty, with a Part of her Royal Fleet, at her own Expence, in order to put him in Possession of the said Kingdom of Sicily; whereby the greatest Injustice was done to his Imperial Majesty, in direct Violation of the Grand Alliance, and contrary to her Majesty’s frequent Declarations from the Throne, and her plain and full Instructions to her Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, for obtaining his just and reasonable Satisfaction; and whereby National Faith, and the Honour of the Crown, was vilely betrayed; and the Naval Power of these Kingdoms, and the Supplies granted by Parliament for reducing the common Enemy, were perfidiously employed against the great and faithful Ally of this Kingdom.

Article 15.

That whereas the Dignity and Support of the Imperial Crown of these Realms has, in all Ages, greatly depended on the Wisdom and Truth of the Communications made from the Throne, especially in Parliament, as the Care and only Means, whereby the Kings and Queens of this Realm can receive the sincere and faithful Advice of their People, in Matters of the highest Importance; and which, by the fundamental Laws and Constitution of this Government, ought to be inviolably observed, as the sacred Band of the Duty and Affection of Subjects to their Sovereign:

And whereas, by the most ancient and known Laws of this Kingdotn, it is indispensably incumbent on the great Officers of State, that surround the Throne, to maintain, as far as in them lies, the Sacredness of the Royal Word, on all Occasions; it being most apparent, that the greatest Dishonour to the Throne, and the greatest Danger to theft Kingdoms, must inevitably ensue, whenever that Fountain of Truth, by wicked Counsels, shall be in any Degree corrupted, and thereby loft its just Influence, and necessary Authority:

And whereas the Power of making Peace and War, One of the ancient, undoubted, and most important. Prerogatives of the Crown, has been always exercised, by the Sovereigns of these Realms, with the ItriCtelt Regard to the Honour of the Crown, and the Welfare of the People; and, for that End, they have, in great Wisdom, in all Ages, taken the Advice of Parliament on such weighty Occasions:

And whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne declared, from the Throne, her gracious Intentions to communicate the Terms of Peace to her Parliament, for their deliberate and serious Advice therein; wifely foreseeing, that

the

i Gfio. t.

the Safety of her Person and Government, of the Protestant Succclhon to the Crown, which the had nearest her Heart, and of the Protestant Religion, and the Liberties of Europe, did inevitably depend on the happy Conclusion of the said Negotiations:

lie the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, having taken on himself, throughout the said Negotiations, a most arbitrary and unwarrantable Authority, and the chiefDi-rection and Influence in her Majesty's Councils; and most wickedly -designing to prostitute the Honour of the Crown, and the Dignity of Parliaments, and not only totally to deprive her Majesty of the wholsome and necessary Advice of her Parliament in so great a Conjunfilure, but, by misrepresenting the most essential Parts of the Negotiations of Peace, to obtain the Sanction of Parliament to his traitorous Proceedings, and thereby fatally to deceive he Majesty, her Allies, her Parliament, and her Peoole;

He the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl was not only wanting in the Discharge of that Duty to his Sovereign, which became his high Station, by not advising against, and, as far as in him lay, in all Events, by not preventing, even any Intimation from the Throne to the Parliament, which was not conformable to the exacted; Truth and Impartiality; but taking Advantage of his ready Access to her Majesty, and his exorbitant Influence in her Councils; did prepare, form, and concert, together with other false and evil Counl’ellors, several Speeches and Declarations to be made by her Majesty from the Throne to her Parliament, on the Subject of the said Negotiations of Peace; and did advile her Majesty to make the same to her Parliament; and particularly, by means of his false and evil Counsels, her Majesty did, amongst other things, on the 7th of December 1711, declare from the Throne, in the Words following; " That, notwithstanding the Arts " of those who delight in War, both Place and Time are " appointed for opening the Treaty of a General Peace;

" our Allies, especially the States General, whose Interest u I look upon as inseparable from my own, have, by " their ready Concurrence, expressed their Confidence " in me:"

Whereas it was then notorious to all , and the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others his Accomplices, well knew, that the principal Allies of her Majesty, and particularly the States General, then had, in the strongest and most pressing Manner, represented, not only to her Majesty’s Ministers in Holland, but afterwards, by a Minister of their own, directly to her Majesty, the Insecurity and Danger to the common Cause, by entering into general Negotiations with France, on the Propos tions signed by Monsieur Mefnager; and also, their firm Opinion of the fatal Consequences that might ensue thereon; And although they had still great Apprehensions concerning the Method of opening the Conferences, and the Consequences that might happen thereupon; yet, being wrought on by the Menaces, and other extraordinary Methods used with them by her Majesty s Ministers, and relying on the l’olemn Assurances and Declarations of her Majesty, to lhpport the Interelis and Concern of their State, and to act in perfect Confidence and Harmony with them, they did at last, with the greatest Reluctance, con-lent to enter upon a general Negotiation of Peace with France: And, in the same Speech, her Majesty was prevailed on, by the evil Counsels of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others, to declare in the Words following; " That the Princes and States, " which have been engaged with us in this War, being, " by Treaties, intitled to have their several Interests secured at a Peace, I will not only do my utmost to procure every one of them all reasonable Satisfaction; but I " shall also unite with them, in the strictest Engagements, " for continuing the Alliance, in order to render the General Peace secure and lasting:" And, in hcrMefl’age of the 17th of January following, her Majesty again exprefies . the Care Ihe intended to take of all her Allies, and the strict Union in which Hie proposed to join with, them: Vot. 18.

21$

Whereas, by the evil Influence of him the said Robert Earl of Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, her Majesty was not Oxford’s fin-only induced to enter into a (private Negotiation with Peachtnent. France, exclusive of her Allies; but the same was, in like manner, carried on by him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others; and the several Interests which the Allies were intitled to by their Treaties, were not only not secured to them by the Peace, nor any reasonable Satisfaction given to them; but the main Interests of her principal Allies; especially of his Imperial Majesty, were, by the wicked Practices of him the said Robert Earl of Oxjbi'd and Earl Mortimer, and others, given up to France', and no Engagements were obtained for continuing the Alliance, in order to render the General Peace secure and lasting.

And, her Majesty having, on many former Occasions, expressed her Resolution, never to make Peace with France and Spain, so long as Spain, and the West remained in the House oi Bourbon, Ihe was prevailed upon,

by the Advice of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others, to declare herself, in Answer to an Address of the House of Peers, the 1 tth of December 1711, to the Eft’ect following; viz. " I should be sorry " any one could think, I would not do my utmost to " recover Spain, and the Indies, from the House of " Bourbon.’

Whereas it is most manifest, that the leaving the Kingdom of Spain, and the Indies, in the House of Bourbon, was the Foundation of the private and separate Treaty between Great Britain and France, which had been before that time signed, even with her Majesty’s Consent; and the same fundamental Resolution was immutably observed between them, to the Conclusion of the Peace;

And her Majesty having frequently declared from the Throne, That her Resolutions in entering into the said Negotiations were, to obtain a general, good, and lasting Peace; and the Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht being instructed to treat with France conformably to that End; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, in order to remove the just Suspicions which had been conceived of his private and separate Negotiations with France, did advile her Majesty to make this further Declaration, in her laid Message, of the 17th of January,

" That the World will now fee how groundless those Reports are, which have been spread abroad by Men of " evil Intentions, to serve the worst Designs, as if a separate Peace had been treated; for which there has not been the least Colour given

Whereas a private and separate Negotiation had been carried on, for Five Months together, between England and France', and, during that time, private Propositions had been sent from England, and a private Treaty with a Minister of France signed, even by her Majesty’s Privity, exclusive of all the Allies, before the said Declaration made by her Majesty; and private and separate Measures were thenceforth carried on by the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and his Accomplices, on behalf of her Majesty, with the Ministers of France, evert to the Conclusion of the Peace.

Her Majesty was further prevailed on, by the wicked Advice of him the said Robei't Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, in her Speech, of June the 6th, 1712, to declare, " That, to prevent the Union of the Two Crowns,

" foe would not be content with what was speculative;

" but infilled on something solidAnd, in the same Speech, to the Effect following; viz. " The Nature of " the Proposal for a Renunciation is such, that it executes " itself; and France and Spain are thereby more cftcctually divided than ever :"

Whereas the Ministers of France had, before that time, assured the Ministers of her Majesty, That, to accept of ,the Expedient proposed on her Majesty’s behalf, would be to build on a sandy Foundation; and that the Renunciation would be null and void by the fundamental Laws of France; and that they would deceive themselves, who

accepted it as an Expedient to prevent the Union of the Two Crowns:

And

-4-

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment.

216 70 — 8° 1715.

And not only in the Particulars before-mentioned, but in many others contained in the said several Speeches and Messages, made, and sent to her Parliament, even while the said Negotiations of Peace with France were depending, the most essential Points relating to Peace and Commerce, and which concerned the Interest as well of the Allies as of Great Britain, were grossly mifirepresented:

By all which wicked, treacherous, and unexampled evil Counfete, he the said Robert Earl of and Earl

Mortimer, did most basely, ungratefully, and scandalously abuse the Favour of his Royal Mistress { and, by means of her Authority, did mislead her Parliament into ground-lese and fatal Resolutions; and thereby not only prevented the just Advice of die Parliament to her Majesty on that critical Juncture, but obtained the Approbation of Parliament to his mysterious and dangerous Practices; and did not only deprive her Majesty of the Confidence and Afieftion of her Allies, but exposed her Majesty, and her People, to the Contempt of the common Enemy.

Article 16.

That whereas the said Robert Earl of and Earl

Mortimer having, on all Occasions, used his utmost Endeavours to subvert the ancient established Constitution of Parliaments, the great and only Security of the Prerogatives of the Crown, and of the Rights, Liberties, and Properties, of the People; and being most wickedly determined, at one fatal Blow, as far as in him lay, to destroy the Freedom and Independency of the House of Lords, the great Ornament, and nearest Support, of the Imperial Crown of these Realms; and falfiy intending to disguise his mischievous Purposes, under a pretended Zeal for the Prerogative of the Crown; he the said Robert Earl of Oxfordand Earl , on or

about the Months of December or January 1711, whilst the House of Lords were under an Adjournment, and had Realbn to expefit, that, on their next Meeting, Matters of the highest Importance would be communicated to them from the Throne; they having, feme few Days before, given their humble Opinion and Advice to her Ma-jofty, That no Peace could be sese or honourable to Great Jiritain, or Europe, if Spain, and the West Indies, were to be allotted to auy Branch of the House of Bourbon; being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, and aiTuming to himself an arbitrary Direction and Controul in her Majesty’s Councils, contrary to his Duty and his Oath, and in Violation of the great Trust reposed iu him, and with an immediate Purpose to render ineffectual the many earned Representations of her Majesty’s Allies against the said Negotiations of Peace, as well as to prevent the good Effects of the said Advice of the House of Lords, and in order to obtain such future Resolutions of that House of Parliament, on the important Subject of the Negotiations of Peace, as might flielter and promote his secret and unwarrantable Proceedings, together with other false and evil Counsellors, did advise her Majesty to make and create Twelve Peers of this Realm, and Lords of Parliament; and, pursuanl to his destructive Counsels, Letter Patents did forthwith pass, whereby Twelve Peers were made and created; and did likewise advise her Majesty immediately to call and summon them to Parliament; which being done accordingly, they took their Seats in the House of Lords on or about the Second Day of January 1711 $ to which Day the House then stood adjourned: Whereby the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did most highly abuse the Influence he then had with her Majesty; and prevailed on her to exercise, in the most unprecedented and dangerous Manner, that valuable and undoubted Prerogative, which the Wisdom of the Laws, and Constitution of the Kingdom, hath intruded with the Crown, for the rewarding signal Virtue, % and distinguished Merit; by which desperate Advice he did not only, as far as in him lay, deprive her Majesty of the Continuance of those seasonable and wholsome Counsels in that critical Juncture, but wickedly perverted the true and only End of that great and useful Prerogative,

to the Dishonour of the Crown, and the irreparable Mif-chief to the Constitution of Parliaments.

All which Crimes and Misdemeanors were committed and done by him the said Earl, against our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the several Trusts reposed in him the said Earl:

And he the said Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer was Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council during the time that all and every the Crimes before set forth were done and committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetter tS) 8° Julii;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

P RATERS.

TilE House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, M as committed:

And the said Report was once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made forne Progress therein; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, That the Surveyors, Secretary, and Treasurer, acting under the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, the Surveyors presented to the House their Account; and the Secretary presented to the House his Account; and the Treasurer presented to the House his Account; all relating to the Fifty new Churches.

And then they withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Accounts are as follows;

7th July As ACCOUNT of the Number of Churches

1715. now building, according to the late Act of Parliament; and how far the several Works are at present advanced.

The Church at Greemmch is intirdy finished, except feme small Matters of Pavings, and Steps; and the Pen s and Galleries, together with feme Repairs wanting at the old Steeple.

The Church at Deptford is carried up, and the Roof is

now putting on; so that the said Fabrick will be covered this Summer; and the Cemetery is already inclosed with a Wall.

The Church at Westminster is lb far advanced that it will be ready for the Roof this Summer.

The Church in the Strand is in good Fonvardness, and will be finished next Summer.

The Church in Spittlefe/ds, in the Parish of,

is advanced Fourteen Foot high; and may be covered in, next Summer.

The Church at Wapping-Stepney is advanced 8 Foot

above the Ground; and is now carrying on with Expedition.

The

t

Importing

Tito.

Way* and Mean*.

Fifty new Churches.

i Geo. I. 8° Julii.

The Church at Limehouse, is raised above

ground, and advancing with all Expedition.

St.Andrew, Holborn. There are Two new Cemeteries in the Parish entirely walled in, and finished.

N. Hau'kfmoor,

Jl\ Gibbs,

7th July!An ACCOUNT of what Sites of Churches, &;c. are already purchased,; in what Parishes the same are 1715. y situated; the Proprietors Names of whom they were purchased; and the Sum of Money paid for each Sale; together with an Account of such other Sites as are agreed for, the Purchases of which are not yet perfected; the Proprietors Names; the Parishes where situated; and the Sum of Money to be paid for each Site; and also of other Sites, now under Treaty.

In what Parishes the Sites are purchased. - Proprietors Names of whom they were purchased. The Sum given for each Site.

£. s. d.

Deptford - - m - Richard Wife - - - - 710

St.Margaret, W - - - Henry Smith Esquire - - - - 700

St. Georges Chapel - - - Sir Nath. Cur&c. - - - - 1,100

St. Pancrafs, Two Cemeteries - - - Dr. Proctor and Gray - - - - 600

Spittle-fields, Stepney - - Mrs. Heath, &c. - - - - 1,260 — —

Limehouse, Stepney - - - John West - - - 400 — —

Upper Wapp'ing, ditto - - - - Bridges Watts - - - - 400

St. Paul, Shadwell - - - Robert Hastings - - - - 1,000

Sites agreed for, the Purchases of which are not yet completed. Proprietors Names. The Sum agreed for, for such Site.

j£. s. d.

St. Andrew, Holborn - - - - Robert Barker - - - 1,900

Bethnal Green, Stepney - - - Mr. Sclater - - - - 300 r-

St. Giles in the Fields - - - - Lady Russell - - - - 1,000

Lower JVapp. Stepney - - - - Bast Johnson - - - - 70 0

St. Giles Fields - - - - Philip Dacrey - - - 1,400

St. Botolph, Aldgate - - - Sir Tho. Davall - - - - 1,000

Lambeth - - Sir John Thornicroft - - - gratis.

In the Strand - - - John Walker Esquire - - - 200 — —

St. Martin & - - - Lord Scarborough - - - - gratis.

What Sites are now under Treaty. Proprietors Names. The Sum demanded for each Site.

£. s. d.

St. Botolph, Bishopsgate - - - Jerem. Sambrook Esquire - - m - 1,550

St. Mary Mag. Bermondsey - - - - Lord Saliftbury - - m - 500

St. Giles in the Fields - - - Mr. Hayes 1,000

Tho. Rous, Secretary.

V oi~ 18.

3K

0°

July 7, } An ACCOUNT of Monies, boiyowpd upon the Loan on Coqls f9r building 50 new Churches; what hath been issued from the Exchequer, at several times, to the Commissioners 1715. S Treasurer; how the same hath been applied; and what remains in the Commissioners Hands; what they are yet indebted'to Workman, and for Sites contracted for; and a:so what

further Sum is now applied for to the Treasury to pay off such Debts.

Money borrowed upon the Loan on Coals at Five several times, each time io, oooo£ Money issued from the Exchequer to the Commissioners Treasurer at several times. Paid.to Workmen. ’ Paid for Sites, . 1 Paid Counsel Fees, Solicitor Bills, Office; Rent, and fupdry , other Incidents. Paid Officers Salaries from September 1711. Money remaining in the Hands of the Comunflioners, Treasurer. What the Commission is now indebted to Workmen, What to be paid for Sites of Churches fyc. contracted for. What sum is now applied for to the Exchequer, to pay Part of the Debt* outstanding.

£ ». d. £. 3. d. £ s. d. «£. d. £. s. d. . £ s. £.s. d. £. s. d. ef. 1. £. s. d.

50,000 44,000 28,332 7 — 6,213 OO cr> 3,097 14 8 5,577 9 10 14,687 1 11 6,500 11,000

Per Henry Smith, Treasurea

OO

o

o

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

Nl

(n

Foreign F rote font* Kat.

Earl of Oxford's Im-jcdciiment.

I Geo. I. 8°

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The House being informed, That the Town Clerk of the City of London attended j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a List of the Persons who took the Oaths at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the City of London, in order to their Naturalization, pursuant to the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

n o

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the reading the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, a Second time, of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The First Article being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Words " King of apd

infer ting instead thereof, " French King

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being jmt, That the said Article, so amended, be One of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas, } *80.

Tellers for the Noes, J ufdh} 125

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2, 3d, and 4th. Articles, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be other Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 5th Article being read a Second time;

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " King of France," and inserting, instead thereof, " French King

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed, unto by the Hpufe.

Resolved, That the said Article, lb amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 6th Article, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be one of the Articles of Impeachment against Earl

of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 7th Article being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "King of France and inserting, instead thereof, " French King:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 8th Article being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " King of France," and inserting, instead thereof, " French King

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 9th and 10th Articles, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be other Articles of Vol. 18.

Yulii. 21

Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Report of the said Articles be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

The 1 ith Article being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by leaving out, in several Places, " King of France," and inserting, instead thereof, " French King

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle*,

And they were brought in accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Article, by leaving out these Words, " and traiterously:"

And the Question being put, That the Words, " and " traiterously," stand Part of the said Article;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

}«».

Tellers for the Noee.J f 'SI.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Article, by leaving out, in several Places,

" King of France," and inserting, instead thereof " French King

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Article, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for ft. Yeas, }«7.

Tellers so, the Noes, { *£ |127.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 12th and 13th Articles being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon die Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be other Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 14th Article being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by leaving out, in several Places, " King of France," and inserting, instead thereof, " French King;’*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

'Hie 15th Article being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, in several Places, these Words, " or to the " Effect," before the Word "following:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The 16th Article being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting these Words, " and Writs issued:"

The same were, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be another of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The last Paragraph, or Conclusion, was read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordereii

220

8° — 9° Juki- -A. 1715.

Foreign F roteliant's Nat.

Fiy^s

fclUte.

Number of Horses used by Waggoners, &(

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, fuving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said Robert Earl of Oxford anil Earl Mortimer’, and that he may be fequeltred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Sabbati, 90 Julii;

Anno 1° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Sir George Cooke, Chief Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, attended;

He was called.in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Lilt of the Names of such Personsas were sworn in the said Court, by virtue of the late Act of Naturalization.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lilt do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts: To which the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House.

And then they withdrew.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Ilorfes in Length, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to tire Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s ’Fable: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the said Electiun be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Grofcenor have I.eave to go I.«arc at into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Dennis Bond Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Leverpole the Borough of Leverpole, in the County Palatine of ^Lutch>

caster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Lease under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, demised to the Mayor, Bailiffs, &c. of the said Borough, and their Successors, the Soil and Site of her late Majesty’s late Castle of Leverpole, for Fifty Years, at 6 /. 13 s. 4 d.payable into the Receipt

of the said Duchy, for the Use of the late Queen, <^c.; and the Lessees and Petitioners have performed all the Covenants in the said Lease contained; and the Borough does increase in Buildings and Inhabitants; so that the Church and Parochial Chapel there cannot contain the Inhabitants thereof; so that the Petitioners desire to build, and endow, another Church, at their own Charge, upon the Site of the said late Castle: And there is a Clause enabling the Chancellor to grant, under the said Seals, in Iris Majesty’s Name, unto the Petitioners, the Reversion of the Soil and Site of the said late Castle, qt the abovesaid yearly Rent, payable into the Receipt of the said Duchy for ever, to the Use of his Majesty: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid. '

And Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House,

That he had Directions from his Majesty to signify his Majesty’s Consent, that such a Bill may be brought in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Pruyer of the said Petition: And that Sir Tho.

Johrfon, Mr. Hcysham, and Mr. Wilson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported, That he having been at the Lords *niw House of Lords, to desire, That they will continue fitting l* some time; the Lords do agree to continue fitting some time, as this House desires.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer were read. Oxford slm-

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the said peac uien" Articles to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby be directed, before he exhibits the said Articles to the Lords, to impeach Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, to the Effect following; viz.

Insolvent Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

D«ltor». next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor Insolvent Debtors.

Earl f A Clause being offered to the House, pursuant to the

Oxfoid’s Im* Order of Yesterday, for laving Liberty to the Commons peachment. to exi, ibjj; any further Articles against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer’, and that he may be sequestred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody; the same was tw ice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed, with the Articles of Impeachment against the said Earl.

Message for Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to de-Lords to con- fire, That they will continue fitting some time. tum« lining. Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the said Mef-sage.

Pcdford A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Elo-iion. That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned till Tuesday Sevennight;

It passed in the Negative.

My Lords,

THE Commons, assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, have commanded me to impeach the said Earl of Oxford arid Earl Mortimer of High Treason, and other HighCrimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: I am further commanded by the House of Commons to pray, and demand of, your Lordships, That the Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer may be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to de- Meir.u? fire, That they will direct the Painted Chamber, the Lords Tw Lobby, and the Passage of the House of Peers, may be Pali^5 w cleared from any Croud. ke-otcte‘

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Message.

Mr. Solicitor General reported to the House, That he had been at the House of Peers, and delivered the Message for clearing the Painted Chamber, Lobby, and Passage to their House.

The.

i Geo. I. pb — i

The Orders of the Day being read j Aberdeen, Ordered', That the Merits of the Election for the Burris

Ac. Election, of Aberdeen, Montrose, and

Bervy, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Kennet Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned tin Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneBy n° die Julti;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

9t Alban’* \/f R- Grimfion reported from the Committee, to whom

kt. Road. iVx the Bill for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saiitt Mic Saint Albans, Samt Pe-

ter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read . in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to ibme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

EarI of The Lord Coningsby reported, That he did, on Saturday

Oxford’s Im- left, at the Bar of the House of Lords* impeach Robert peachmenu Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and delivered in the Articles of Impeachment against him; and did pray and demand, That the said Earl might be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Leave ol Ordered, That Stephen Parry Esquire, have Leave to Abfonce. g0 into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Fry’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for EftaU> vesting in Trustees, Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts, was read the l irfttimc.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Address on Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee MejTage re- appointed, the Fourth Instant, to draw up an Address, to Fifty"new return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his

.Churches, gracious Message, That a Provi^on may be made for set-

tiing a Maintenance for the Ministers for the Fifty new Churches iu and about the Cities of London and IVejhmn-Jler, That they had drawn up an Addrefej which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Address was read; and, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the Houlie; and is as follows; viz.

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having, with the utmost Satisfaction, received your Majesty's gracious Message, recommending to us the providing a Maintenance for the Ministers, who are to attend the Service of the fifty new Churches intended to , be erected in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, beg Leave to allure your Majesty, That we will, with all Chearfolneis, set about the making such a Provision, as shall fully answer your Majesty’s pious Intentions, and the Wants of so many of the Inhabitants of your Two great and populous Cities It is very grateful to your obedient Commons, to be employed in a Work that is so much for the Honour of the Vox.. 18.

to fulii. aai

Church of England, and the Advancement of oiir holy Religion, and that comes recommended by so gracious

Sovereign; who, ever ftnce his happy Accefnon to the Throne, has takeh all Occasions to express a great and tender Concern for the Support of our excellent Constitu^ tion, both in Church and State, and the good Order and Welfare of his Subjects.

As we shall always be ready tb do our Parts towards the attaining these great Ends, iil evety thing that comes before us; so we trust, that this good Work io particular, which your Majesty has so much at Heart, will bring down the Bleflirigof Gbd upon all yodr Undertakings 1 and be a Means of promoting the Quiet and Peace, as it cannot but add to the Glory, of your Reign.

May your Majesty live hot only to fee it accomplished; but to enjoy the Fruits of your Piety, in a long and prof-perous Reign over a religious and orderly, arid obedient and thankful People!

Refoloed, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr:

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Ldrds to acquaint this hd- Lords nourable House, That their Lordships will take the Re* Answer to quell of this House into lerious Consideration; and fend an Answer thereunto in a convenient time t

And that the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Shelton's Act for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Ma- Estate. nor of Darrington, by George Earl of Cardigan, to Theophilus Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Tho. Pelham reported from the Committee, to temple’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An au&lifying Act to impower the Barons Of the Court of Exchequer *®r in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme Persons in Great Britain to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, the usual Oaths for due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Irelands was committed. That they had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Endowing refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to poor Rec-considerfurther of the Bill for making Inclosores of feme torie*»&c* Parts of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Rectories, Vicarages, Curacies, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair j

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Mer,*.*a^*jtf*"' }so.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the fold Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wpghtfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wrightson reported from the Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Bill;. and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mpraing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jloufe, to consider further of the said Bill.

3 L A Message

Earl of Oxford attached by Black Rod.

Woollen

Manufacture.

insolvent

Debtors.

Differences arising by Eire in 1 hames* streefc.

Shelton's

Estate.

Anglesea Court of Sessions.

m ii" — t2° — 13° Julii- 1715.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this honourable House, That the Lords have ordered the Black Rod to attach, and take into safe Custody, Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer: And that the Black Rod had returned to the Lords, That he hath accordingly attached the said Earl; and hath him now in safe Custody.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; which, with Amendments to foiue of them, were, upop the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

kept within the Town of Beaumaris, or the Liberties of the same; and, by several other Acts, made since the abovesaid Act, the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said County, and those that are, or shall be, employed in Places Civil or Military within the same, shall, at the said Courts of Sessions, take the Oaths of Qualification to his Majesty; and, by reason of the said Statute, of the Second of Edward the Sixth, the said Courts of Sessions cannot be adjourned; so the Petitioners are not only forced to travel, though never so infirm, to aforesaid (which stands on the outermost Confines of the said County), to attend the said Sessions; but many times, by Sickness, are disabled from attending to qualify lliem-selves by the Acts for that Purpose; which may tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and others of the said County, and their Posterity, by subjecting them to the Penalties of the said Acts: And in case the said Act, of the Second of King Edward the Sixth, were repealed, whereby the said Courts of Sessions might be adjourned, and held at such other Parts of the said County, from time to time, as Occasion may require, m ill be for the Benefit of the said County in general: And praying ta be relieved.

And a Motion being made, That the said Clause may be repealed, or amended, as shall be most conducive to the Ease and Safety of the said County in general j

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Comptroller reported, That his Majesty having King ap-been humbly waited upon, to know his Majesty’s Plea- P0,nl*®b* sure, when he would be attended by this House, his Ma- atten jesty had appointed this Day at One of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint James's.

Martts, 12* die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of Bedford the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

PftATEBS.

A PETITION of Humphry Hyde Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is Proprietor of Key, in

Thames street, London, and of the Wharf, Warehouses, and other Houses, thereunto belonging, now in Lease to a Tenant; and the said Premises are all ensured by the Tenant, or Under-tenant, and are almost all rebuilt; and the Under-tenant, and others, have petitioned for a Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burnt down in Thamesfireet, in the City of London; and that there is no Occasion for such Bill, touching the Ground belonging to the several Proprietors there; there being no Difference; and most of the Houses are rebuilt, without any Court of Judicature: And prayingto be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

OrderedfThai the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demolished, or defaced, in and near Thames-street, in the City of London, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if he thinks fit.

Ad ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Harrington, by George Earl of Cardigan, to Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Arthur Owen Baronet, Tho. William Bodcell, John Sparrow, and William Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and several other Gentlemen, Freeholders and Inhabitants in the County of Anglesea, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, in the Second Year of King Edward the Sixth, the Great Sessions of the said County shall be

15

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Woollen from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, Maanfodnrc, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the benefit of Trade in general; was committed; be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Hearing the Merits of the Election Mintbral for the Borough of Mineheaa, in the County of Somerset, Ekdioo. which was ordered to be heard this Day, be heard upon this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report importing, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Fittu Preventing of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, was committed, be adjourned fill Friday Morning next

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Tobacco, ing, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. bonded upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Dutie* Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 die Julii;

Anno l8 Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Temple'.

to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to feme Persons in Great for 0 e* Britain, to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, the usual

Oaths

i Geo. L 13°

Oaths For due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Leave of Ordered, That the honourable John Noel Esquire, have

Absence. Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Bedford Ordered, That the House do proceed in the hearing

Ele&Um. the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir John Rogers have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Woollen The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Ka&ofhcture. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, as far as Clause B, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That all mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and other Woollen Broad Cloth, brought to London for Sale, shall be carried to hall in London, or duly registred with the proper Officers, paying them the ancient Duties of Hallage, upon pain of forfeiting Five Shilling’s for each Broad Cloth so brought to London, and fold, without being brought to the Hall, or there registred, to be paid by the Seller;

The said Clause was amended.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUersfortoY^S"'

TeUere for the Noes,* "£ ] 79-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause C, being read a Second time, was, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Answer Mr. Speaker reported, That the House did Yesterday

to Addrefe. attend his Majesty, and presented their Add rels: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you for the just Concern expressed in this Act-drest for our excellent Constitution both in Church and State; and for the Assurances you give me of promoting so good and pious a Detign: I could not expect left from a House of Commons, which hath given lb many Proofs of their Affection to me, and my Government.

Preventing Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord-Tiuuults, Ac. ing to Order, a Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual punishing Rioters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 18.

tyulit.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into A Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill1.

Th ' Orders of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into cUndeftinfc Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Export of it was referred to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual.

The first Four of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were severally proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out " and the Crown to be at;" and by adding, at the End of the said Resolution, these Words, " to be borne out of the King's Fourth part, lb " far as the same will extend

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, of ail Seizures and Forfeitures in Ireland, Three-fourths shall be to the Person or Persons who shall seize the fame, to be intitled thereto, upon Conviction of the Party; and the other Fourth shall be to the King, lor the Use and Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland And that, of all Seizures and Forfeitures in Great Britain, the Seizer shall be likewise intitled to Three-fourths, and the other Fourth to the King; the Expence of Prosecutions in both Kingdoms to be liorne out of the King's Fourth-part, so far as the same will extend.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " And that no Person be admitted, on any Pretence whatsoever, to " travel with Wool in the Night within Miles of

" the Sea."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That no Wool, Woollen Yarn, or Worlied, be, at any time, carried or conveyed any where in Ireland within Miles of the Sea, in

any other Package than common Linen Packs or Bags; and that no lets Quantity be contained in each than Weight, under a Penalty; except that a Grower give full Satisfaction to the Office, that lie had not so much grown; and then the Quantity to be specified in his Permit: And that no Person be admitted, on any Pretence whatsoever, to travel with Wool in the Night within Miles of the Sea.

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time;

1 Several Amendments were severally proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after " virtue," these Words,

" of the Act;" and by leaving out " a greater Number " of:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Debate arising in the House, touching their agreeing in the said Resolution, so amended; viz. That, instead of the great Ships and Sloops employed in England and Ireland against the Owlers, by virtue of the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of his late Majesty King William, Ibme lmaller Vessels be employed in Great Britain and Ireland, for that Purpose j

Ordered, That the Debate thereupon, and the further Consideration of the said Report, be adjourned until Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning w* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &ud Meant, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An

C,

224

13* — 14* Julii. A. 1715.

Explain ing Act for Limitation of the Crown.

Aaglefey Court of Session*.

Tobacco, Ac. bonded Duties.

Election* — Return* of Writ* of Summon

Ac.

An'ingrofibd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, upon the Petition of Sir Arthur Owen, and others.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal, or amend, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the keeping the Great Sessions, and County-Courts, at the Town of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesea, as shall be most conducive to the Ease and Safety of the said County in general, according to the Prayer of the Petitioners: And that the Committee do fit de die in diem.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of Duties on the fame.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Retuming-Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections Of Members to serve in Parliament; be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Clandestine Export of Wool.

Ditto.

Jovis, 14* Julii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PftATERS.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Wool-combers, Weavers, Fullers, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Cullum, in Devon, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making Exeter a free Port for bringing in of Wool from Ireland, will be of no Advantage to that Town, or to the Petitioners; and the whole Business in the Manufactures depends on the Encouragement the Town of Tiverton finds from foreign Markets: And praying, That the Port of Exeter may not be opened for bringing in of Wool from Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, tiU the Report from the Committee appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Honiton, in Devon, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the putting a Stop to the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to France, will be of very great Advantage to this Town, and the Parts adjacent; and the opening me Port of Exeter, for bringing in of Wool from Ireland, will obstruct the good Design of any Law against the Exporting of Wool for France; and the Woollen

Manufhfture of this Town depends chiefly on that of Tiverton, which can have no Advantage by opening the Port of Exeter: And praying, That the said Port of Exeter may full remain lhut up, with respect to the Fish-Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are to consider of Law. re-Heads of a Bill to explain and amend the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and fending them whither they R®Sue*» ought to be font, do fit de die in diem: And that all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Kennett whom the Bill to make the River K navigable from Navigation. Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was committed, be taken into Consideration upop Wednesday Morning next.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the fur- Bedford ther Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded, and examined Witnesses, in order to disqualify other of the Petitioner’s Voters, in regard they had no Freehold in the Places they voted for; or that they were not taxed or rated for their Freehold; or that their Freeholds were not lett for Forty Shillings a Year Rent; or that they were Purchasers within a Year before the Election; or that they were Copyholders: And also gave feme Evidence relating to Bribery.

And a Witness being called, to prove that one William Reynold voted contrary to what appears by the Sheriff’s Poll;

Which being objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel:

And the Counsel on both Sides being heard;

They were directed to withdraw.

And the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Sitting Member be admitted to examine Edward Kemp, to prove That William Reynold voted otherwise than he is set down upon the Sheriff’s Poll;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the Resolution of the House.

Then the Sitting Member’s Counsel proceeded, and went through their Evidence, as to the Disqualifications of the Petitioner’s Voters.

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel summed up their Evidence touching the same.

After which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel proceeded to give Evidence, That the Petitioner was not qualified to be elected, according to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons;

But a Witness, who had been summoned, not attending;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i Geo. I. 150 — 16° Julii. 225

Veneris, 15" die Julii;

Anno l® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

"fty'* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jl\ for velting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Lord Coning Colonel Grahme, Mr. Lon-

don, Mr. De Gray, Mr. Brace bridge, Sir Edward 3>ord Wm. P owlet t, Mr. Ducane, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Sawbridge, Colonel Morton, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Hey sham. Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Tho. IVheate, Mr. Inge, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Morice, Mr. Eden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. , Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. fVrightfon, Admiral Aylmer, Major Holmes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wykes, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Robert Da-vers, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Lade, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr.

Winstanley, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Longtieville, Mr. Hunger ford; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' leave of Ordered, That the Lord James Cavendish have Leave £bfence. to g0 into the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Andrew Archer Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

dumber of An ingrossbd Bill to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, Horses used and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than ^ta88°n* Five Horses in Length, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Exception, in the Arts recited, should not extend to the excepting the Carriage of thrdhed Corn, and Coal:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed, to be made to the Bill, Press 2. L. 10. To leave out " Proviso," and insert " Provisoes

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 10. After " mentioned," to insert " or " in an Art made in the Ninth Year ofhersaid Majesty’s Reign, to render more effectual the said recited Act of " the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended , at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to rellrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Woollen An ingrossed Bill to make the Art, of the Tenth Year Mamifaituiy. of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. L. # To leave out the Clause, which obliges all mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and other Woollen Broad Cloth, brought to London or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof, for Sale, to be carried to in

Vol. 18,

or to be duly registered with the proper Officer there, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Clause was cut out of the Bill at the Table.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, being mifwrote in ingrossing the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to make the Art, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and’ Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Art, of the Seventh Year of her said Majesty, intituled, An Act for better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloths made in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Iieysham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bil^ for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, was committed, be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chairr

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 16° Julii;

Anno l® Georgii Regis, 1715. Praters.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Lime Regis, in the County of Dorset, and Places adjacent, employed in the Woollen Manufactures, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Wool, Woollen Yarn, fife, are frequently exported from Great Britain and Irelandio France; and that all the Laws in Force, and his Majesty’s most gracious Proclamation, have hitherto proved ineffectual; to the great Detriment of the Traders in the said Woollen Manufactures; to the Ruin of great Number of Families depending thereon; and to the visible

3 M Increase

Importing

Fife.

Insolvent Debtors.

Preventing Tumults, 6c c*

Ways and Means.

Tobacco, kc$

bonded

Duties.

Cl&ndeftin* Export of W00L

16° Juki.

A. 1715.

Claims on

Scotch

African

Company.

Ditto.

Increase of the Poor: And praying. That some more RejThat the Rill be committed to'Mr. Dawney, effectual Means may be speedily found out to prevent the Sir Arthur Kau, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Mr.

Exportation of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, &;c. from Freeman, Mr. JeJJbp, Mr. Mr. Heme, Mr.

Great Britain and Ireland to France; and to encourage Mr. Ash, Mr Mr. Neville, Mr. Mr.

the Traders in the said Woollen Manufactures. Grantham, Mr. Mr. Broderick, Mr. Wright-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table son, Mr. Bankes, Lord Stanhope, Sir John Rushout; and until the Report from the Committee, who were to con- all that serve for the County of York: And they are to lider of the Laws in being for the preventing the Export- meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s ing of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland-, and how Chamber, the same might be made more effectual; shall be taken

into further Consideration. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Mcller:

A Petition of Patrick Edmingston Esquire, was pre- Mr. Speaker, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Explaining Year 1699, he went on the Darien Expedition aboard this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain the Limitation c the Rising Sun, and carried Effects with him to the Value Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the Crown, of 400 /. which was his whole Patrimony: And that the William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Company, fbon after their Arrival, meeting with great Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights Opposition from the Spaniards in their Settlements, the and Liberties of the Subject.

Counsellors of the said Company, being intirely dellitnte And then the Messengers withdrew.

of Ammunition, and closely besieged in their Fort by the

Enemy, for the Space of 14 Weeks, gave Order to call . Or, That John Digby Esquire, have Leave to go Loave of

in all the Pewter and Lead belonging to private Periods; into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary ®uc*' upon which, the Petitioner readily delivered up all he had Occasions.

of either, which was a considerable Part of his Stock, and Or, That Richard Vaughan, of Merionethshire,

all that remained to him of the said 400 /.; but could not Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks,

obtain a Receipt of the Coutilellois for the same And^ upon extraordinary Occasions

after that the Colony was forced from their Settlement in

Darien, the Petitioner, with the few surviving Persons, Ordered, That Stephen Ivorth/eigh Esquire, have Leave

were call into Jamaica, destitute of Cloathing, and all to 8° into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordi-manner of Necessaries of Life; and must have periftied nary Occasions.

there inevitably, had they not been relieved by the cha- Ordered, That William % Esquire, have Leave to

ritable People of that Place; and he, some time after, go into the Country, for recovery of his Health.

Came to England in a helpless Condition: And that, during the Continuance of the said Colony, had the Mif- A Petition of Esquire, was presented to Differ**,

fortune to be wounded several times: And praying to be the House, and read; setting forth, That his late.Father anting by relieved. ... Sir William Russell was seised of the Ground-rent, and jt'^e ,n

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Reversion in Fee, of a Messuage commonly called gtre*tT* Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trinity-house, with the Appurtenances, situate in James Campbell, of London, Merchant, Agent for the Water lane, near Thames-street, London, after the Expi-publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of ration of an additional Term of Forty Years, decreed to them, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the of Fast; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, which Term will expire at Michaelmas 1727; ‘and his to the House. said Father, by his Will, devised the Premises to him, and

his eldest Son; with other Remainders; and the said A Petition of Captain William Murray, of the Foot Trinity-house was burnt down by the late Fire, which Guards, was presented to the House, and read; setting lately happened in Thames-street, Lomlon; and the said forth, That when tlte Scotch Company for Africa did, An. Maiter, Wardens, and Assistants, having insured thereon 1698, settle a Colony at Darien, he, being to serve there the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, have received the as a Captain of a Company of Foot, did uplift the Estate fame, towards the Charge of rebuilding the Premises; and provided to him by his Father, and did levy that Com- he is informed, a Bill is brought into this House, for pany, consisting of Fifty Men; and went along with that erecting a Court of Judicature to determine Differences Company; and served for the Space of Two Years, from touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demoliftied, the time of his Entry, to the time that the said Colony or defaced, in and near Thames Street, in the City of was dispofiefled by the Enemy, without Payment for his London; which, he conceives, will be prejudicial to the Service, or Recompence for his Charges and Trouble, Interest of him, and his Family: And praying to be heard, and levying the said Company: And praying to be re- by his Counsel, against the said Bill, lieved. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for erect-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of ing a Court of Judicature to determine Differences James Campbeti, of London, Merchant, Agent for the touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demolished, publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of or defaced, in and near Ihames-street, in the City of them, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter London, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, of Fast; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon, if to the House. he thinks tit.

Le*v* of Ordered, That William Oteeden Esquire, have Leave to Atrfeac*. g0 into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Charles Bertie Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Shelton'. An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, mtitnled. An Act £tUu.' for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Darrmgtm by George Earl of Cardigan to Tfieophilus Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs, was read a Second time. ' 16

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways through $t. AJban>, the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albans, Saint &©

Peter, Shen/ey, Ridge, end South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albans, Saint Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. G rims ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delife their Concurrence.

Mr.

Preventing Tumults, &c.

t>ifturbances in Stafford,

i Geo. I. i6°

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotuous Afl’emblies; and for the more speedy and effefihaal punishing the Rioters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout: And the First Amendment was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments *be adjourned.

The House being informed of great Dilbrders in the County of Stafford by several evil-disposed Persons going from Place to Place, in a tumultuous and riotous manner; and that they had assaulted and wounded ibveral of his Majesty’s good Subjects, without any Provocation; and that one Mr. Bayly was able to give the House an Account thereof; and that he was at the Door;

He was ordered to be called in:

And he was called in accordingly; and, at the Bar (the Mace lying on the Table), gave the House an Account of what had happened in that Country.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr: Bracebridge,a Member of the House, acquainting them of a Letter wrote from that Country, relating to those Disturbances; which he read in his Place;

Ordered, That the said Letter be brought up to the Table.

And it was brought up accordingly; and read; and is as followeth;

Honoured Sir,

I Hope this will find you, and your good Lady, SO. in good Heath, as your Children here are, God be thanked.

Undoubtedly you have heard of several Passages, that followed upon -the Performance of the Mob; as, namely, the Demotifiiing of the Presbyterian Meeting Houses at Stafford and and ('tis laid) at

Stone and Langdon: Yesterday a Parcel of the

hampton Folks set forth in order to attack Bromwich Meeting-house: These People took Boston, and Wednesbury, in the Way; lo that they were a great

Number: But the Difienters, having Notice of what was intended, came together in great Numbers, Horse and Foot, furnished with Guns, Swords, &;c. and attackt the Rioters, and drove ’urn off; several of whom they have wounded: And the Mob has a Report among ’urn this Day, that one of their Fraternity is killed; and they seem resolved (as Fame goes) to venture another Pu(h for it. The Truth of it is, there is no such thing as appealing ’urn with good Words; and, I think, to cure it by Force will be but an uncomfortable Matter. As far as I can learn, these poor Fellows have got a Notion, that the Ministry and Difienters have ruined Trade, on Purpose to make the Nation out of Love with the late Peace, and Peace-makers; and, because the Ministry, and secret Committee, and their Friends, will not let the Country have Peace and Trade, they resolve (if they can hinder it) the Difienters shall not have a quiet Toleration. Hanger, and want of Sleep, perhaps, may tame ’um in a little while; but, if Things don’t mend in a little time, the Parishes may be burthened with their Families.

They will not be persuaded, that there is any Argument against Experience; and they say, that One Year’s Peace was better to them, and the Kingdom, than all the glorious Campaigns the D----- of M----- has ever made in

all his Life; that those were the belt Friends of the Government that made Peace; gnd that their Impeachers ought much rather to be impeached than the lait Alini-ftry; so that, in short, they look upon these Impeachments as nothing else but a Piece of Spight and Revenge in this military Ministry, because the Ratifications of Peace took feme Bread off their Treuchers: And they reason, that ’tis the itrangelt tiling in the World, that the Afitions and N egotiations of those worthy Patriots that made Peace,

Vof.. 18.

Julii. 227

should be called High Treason, High Crimes and Miftle-meanours, which have been approved by her Majesty’s subsequent Ratifications; for which her Majesty received the Thauks and Congratulations of the honourable House of Commons, and, indeed, of aluioft the w hole Nation. ’Tis impossible to recount their odd Speculations that they run into upon these Occasions; however, I was w illing you should not be wholly a Stranger to these Passages. I hope your Goodness will pardou the Interruption of thfe tedious Letter. 1 am, with due Commendations,

Honoured Sir,

Bilston, Your most obedient and

13 July 1715. most humble Servant,

Richd Ames.

For Wm. Ward Esquire, a Member of Parliament, at the Honourable House of Commons, this.

London.

A Motion being made, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the several Magistrates throughout the Kingdom, That the Laws be put in a speedy and the most vigorous Execution against all such Persons, who shall be found any way concerned in the late rebellious and tumultuous Riots and Dilbrders committed, and now carrying on, in several Parts of this Kingdom, by Persons disaffefited to his Majesty, and his Government; and that a ftri6t Inquiry be made who are the Promoters and Authors of the said Tumults and Riots; and that an Account may be taken of such Justices of the Peace as have failed in die Discharge of their Duty on these Occasions; and that such Justices, who shall appear to his Majesty to have neglected their Duty, be forthwith put out of the Corn-millions of the Peace; and that such other Magistrates, as shall appear likewiseto have neglected their Duty therein, may be proceeded against with the utmost Rigour of the Law; and that his Majesty will likewise be pleased to di-refit, That an exafit Account may be taken of the Losses and Damages, which his Majesty’s Subjefitshave sustained by reasons of these tumultuous and rebellious Proceedings; and that the Sufferers may have full Compensation made them for their Damages; and to allure his Majesty, That all such Expences as his Majesty shall be at on that account, shall be made good to his Majesty out of the next Aids that shall be afterwards granted by Parliament; and also, that the Laws against Papists and Nonjurors may be effefitually put in Execution;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, "And " all’o that an Account may be laid before this House of " what Persons are at present in the Commission of the " Peace; and also what Persons were in toe Commission " at the Demise of her Majesty;"

And the Question being put, That these Words be added to toe Question j . The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tel^ tl,e Yeas, . } 50.

' Tellers for the Noes, { J '«

So it passed in the Negative.

Refbboed, Nendne contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direfitions to toe several Magistrates throughout the Kingdom, That the Laws may be put in a speedy and the most vigorous Execution against all such Persons, who shall be found any way concerned in the late rebellious and tumultuous Riots and Disorders committed, and now carrying on, in several Part3 of this Kingdom,t by - Persons disaffefitod to his Majesty, and his Government; and that a ftrifit Enquiry be made who ar« the Promoters and Authors of the said Tumults and Riots; and that an Account may be taken of such Justices of the Peace, as have failed in the Discharge of their Duty on these Occasions; and that such Justices who shall appear so his Majesty to have Benefited their Duty, b«

forthwith

28 i 6° — 18 . 1715

forthwith put out of the Commissions of the Peace; and that such other Alagistrates, as shall appear likewise to have neglected their Duty therein, may be proceeded against with the utmost Rigour of the Law: And that his Majesty will likewise be pleased to direct, That an exact Account may betaken of the Losses and Damages, which his Majesty’s Subjects have sustained, by reason of these tumultuous and rebellious Proceedings; and that the Sufferers may have full Compensation made them for their Damages: And to assure his Majesty, That all such Expences as his Majesty shall be at on that Account, shall be made good to his Majesty out of the next Aids that shall be afterwards granted by Parliament: And also, that the Laws against Papists and Nonjurofs may be effectually put in Execution.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an A Idrels upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

more. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Colonel Bladen, Mr Lord Co-

ningsby, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Earl, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Sir Cot-

ton, Mr. JeJJ'of, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Lord Finch, Sir David Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Neville, Lord Mr. Cow-

per. Lord Castlecombei', Mr. Wortley, Mr. Ojffiey, Mr.

Min(hull, Mr. Baylie, Sir Mr. Craggs, Sir Bryan Broughton, Sir Jam Campbell, Sir Char. Hot ham,

Mr. Onslow, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Newport, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sir

Richard Farrington, Sir JVm. Sir Richard

Steel, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Addison, Mr. Air.

Inge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Preventing Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Tumult*, See. Amendments made by the Committee, to the Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters; be now resumed.

And the same were resumed accordingly.

And the rest of the said Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall be prosecuted, by virtue of that Act, for any Offence committed against the fame, unless prosecuted within after the Offence shall be committed:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

County, on Tuesday the Twelfth Day of July, in the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, Anno Dorn. 171.5, was pre-lented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill is depending for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwich, in the said County of Chester', which Work is very practicable, and may be carried to feme other Places near Northwichand will be of great Advantage to the Undertakers; and are desirous, that the Navigation may be undertaken at the Expence, and for the Benefit, of the Inhabitants: And praying to admit them, or such others of the Gentlemen of the said County as shall be thought fit, to be Undertakers of the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwich, in the County of Chestet', is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and Clandefli* others, of the Borough of Barnstaple, trading in Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Committee, who are to prepare a Bill for the preventing the Exportation of Wool, have agreed to a Clause to be inserted, for making the Port of Exeter an open Port for the Importation of Wool from Ireland; and whether the said Clause will not be greatly prejudicial to the Design of such an Act, by giving Occasion to the Irish Owlers, and other ill-deligning Men, under pretence of carrying Wool to Exeter, to land it in France; and, by Bribes, and other ill Practices, get up their Bonds given in Ireland: And all the othejr Weltem Ports may well desire the same Liberty: which has formerly been the Occasion of exporting great Quantities of Wool to foreign Parts; the Distance from Ireland to Topfam being twice as far as from these Ports, the Hazard of the Seas consequently must be greater than this Side the Lands End; and, by the exactelt Computation the Petitioners can make,’ Wool may be rendered to fer by Way of this Port, Bideford, Mine head, as cheap as if carried by Ship directly to Topfam, without the Odds of the Hazard of the Seas, and Length of Time; the Freight, with Commission, and all Charges, from Ireland to Exeter, by the Way of these Ports, not exceeding Eight Pence Halfpeny a Stone; whereas the bare Freight to Exeter formerly was Eight Pence a Stone, betides other Charges, not to be esteemed less than a Peny or Two Pence a Stone; to that the carrying Wool about Land to Exeter will be a real Detriment to this, and the middle Part of the Country, without any Advantage to the Exeter Traders: And praying, That the same may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, who were to con-lider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and how the same may be made more effectual; shall be taken into further Consideration.

Bedford Ordered, That the further Hearing the Aferits of the Election. Election for the County of Bedford be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Aberdeen, Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Burghs fcc. Election, Qf Aberdeen, Montrose, Aberbrothwiclc, and

Bervey, be heard upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 18° Julti;

Anno x* Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

Weaver A P ETITIO N of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace Navigation. jt\. for the County of Chester, assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at Nantwich, in the said

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Tanntba rough of Taunton be heard at the Bar of this House upon Election-Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Tumults, and riotous Preventing Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual punish- Tumults, 4c c. ing the Rioters; was read the Third time.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should extend to all Places for religious Worship ip Scotland, which are tolerated by Law:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 39, and 40. To leave out "above,’’ and infer! " toand, after "Twelve," insert " or more Pr. 4. L. 7. To leave out " or break into:"

L. 18.

i Geo. I*

18° J

29

L. 18. To leave out<e or breaking Into:" OrdeThat the further Hearing the Merits of the Pr. 5. L. 17. After " City," insert " or Town that is Election for the County of Bcdfoi'd be adjourned till u either a County of itself, or* is not within any Ifun- Tomorrow Morning.

dred'

Pr. 6. L. 5. After " City," insert " or Town that is Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, A, Ul.efg_ u either a County of itself, or is not within any Hun- Vriio were appointed, upon &(turday last, to draw up an bifturbanre» "dred:" Address to be presented to his Majesty, That they had in Static*

drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; m.

L. 10. L. 15. L. 16. L. 17.

Most Gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons in Parliament assembled, being highly concerned at the continued Endeavours of the Enemies ot your Person and Government to disturb the Tranquillity

After " City," insert 0 or Town After " City," insert " or Town The same Amendment:

The same Amendment:

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that Hie Title be, An Act for preventing Tumults, and riotous Affem-blies; and for the more speedy and effectual* puniflring the Rioters.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill ant^ Happiness of your Kingdoms, and to deprive youi to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. People of the great Blefiings they enjoy under your auspi

cious Reign; and it having appeared to us, that, by the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement, and the falle and traiterous Insinuations, Relief of poor insolvent Sea and Land Officers, Seamen of Persons disaffected to your Title and Government, and Soldiers, being Debtors: And that Mr. Pulteney and great Numbers of your poor deluded Subjects have been the Lord Coningsby do prepare, and bring in, the fame. prevailed upon, in many Parts of the Kingdom, to al-

semble together, and, in a tumultuous and rebellious man* Ordered, That Mr. Godfry do carry the ingrossed Bill ner, to commit great Disorders, and do great Injuries to BCanufacture. to make the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s others of their Fellow Subjects and Fellow Protestants,) Reign, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, we think it our indispensable Duty, on this Occasion, to and" Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed express our utmost Abhorrence of all such traiterous Pro-or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the ceedings, and our highest Reffntment against the A uthors Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of and Promoters of themj and to renew to your Majesty Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act, of the Seventh. Year of her said Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloths made in the County of York; to the Lords, aDd desire their Concurrence.

InfoWent iVrfons in Army and Havjv

Woollen

dandeftina Bxport of Wool.

CWtions — Returns of Writs of Summons, fcc»

Importing

Fish.

Tobacco, &c.

bonded

Duties.

Bedford

Fk&ion.

The Orders of the Day being read;

the hearty and vigorous Resolutions of your faithful Commons to support yOUr Majesty, and your Government, against all your open and secret Enemies; and to contribute the utmost in our Power to the Honour and Safety of your Sacred Person, and the Quiet and Security of your Government:

And, to that end, we crave Leave most humbly to be-

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, and Considera- feech your Majesty, That you will be graciously pleased to

tion of the Report from the Committee, who were to cou- give Directions to the several Magistrates throughout your

fider the Laws in being for preventing the Exporting of Kingdom, That the Laws now in force may be put in a

Wool from Great Britain and Ireland and how the same speedy, and in the most vigorous. Execution, against all

may be made more effectual; be further adjourned until such Persons as shall be found any way coneerued in the

this Day Sevennight. rebellious and tumultuous Riots and Disorders which

r\ 1 , m,. . ' t*-., r.. tr o. 1 have been committed, and are now carrying on, by Per-

Ordered, That the ngrossed B.ll for the more effectual fons difafieaed to your Majesty, and y<i government;

,. ,v , - , n V -. UJ brought to condign Puniflnnent:

Elections of Member to serve m Parliament; be read A°d jt bej ent, that the Neglect or Mifoeba-

the Tlurd time upon Thursday Morning next. viour many°ju(jices of Peacej and =ther Magistrates,

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the have given great Encouragement to the fitid Disorders, we Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the crave Leave, in all Humility, to beseech your Majesty, effectual Preventing of frefti Fish taken by Foreigners That an Account may be taken of such Justices of the being imported into this Kingdom, was committed, be Peace, as have failed in the Discharge of their Duty on adjourned until Tomorrow Morning. these Occasions; and that such of them, as shall appear to

Xejohed, That thia House will, upon Frida.yMorning *? "'81'?"1 «"* Buty, may be forth-

xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, P"‘ ou‘of *e t-ommission. of the Peace; and tbgt

such other Magistrates, as shall likewise appear to your Majesty to have neglected their Duty therein, may be proceeded against with the utmost Rigour of the Law

And as your loyal Commons are fully allured, that, by the Wisdom and Steadiness of your Administration, the Sceptre in your Royal Hand will soon become a Terror to all those, who, by open or secret PraClices, shall any

tiext,

upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford:

And the CounfeL were called in:

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel proceeded to give way abet the Enemies of your Person or Government*; Evidence, to shew that the Petitioner was not qualified to so, from our most dutiful Regard to your Majesty, and in be elected, according to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the Justice to those of your Subjects, w!k>, for their Zeal, and Reign of the late Queen, intituled, An Act for securing firm Adherence to your Majesty, and your Government, the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying have been Sufferers in the said tumultuous and traiterous the Members to fit in the House of Commons: Disorders, w o do most humbly beseech your Majesty,

To which the Petitioners Counsel were heard; and That you will be most graciously pleased to give Dire^-produced Evidence, to justify his Qualification: tions, That an exact Account may be taken of the Losses

And afterwards the Petitioner s Counsel proceeded to and Damages which any of your Subjects have foftained justify several of the Votes the Sitting Member's Counsel by reai’on of the said tumultuous and rebellious Proceed-had objected against. ings; and that the Sufferers may have full Compensation

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. made them for their Damages; your faithful Commons Vox- 18. 3 N ‘most

a^o iS* — 19* — 20" JultL A. 1715.

Inaoft humbly assuring your Majesty, That all Expences, which shall he incurred on that Account, shall be made good to your Majesty out of the next Aids that shall be afterwards granted by Parliament:

And, for the Security of your Sacred Person, and the quieting the Minds of your faithful Subjects, we do further 010ft humbly advise your Majesty, that vou will be graciously pleased to give Orders, That the Magi ft rates throughout the Kingdom, in their several Stations, do (peedilv and effectually put the Laws in Execution again It Papists and Nonjurors.

The laid Address being read a Second time;

Bejblved, Netnine contradicente, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Addrefe to be pre-iented to his Majesty.

Refolded, That the said Address be prefen ted to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s rood honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Martisy 190

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

King ap- Tl/T R. Comptroller reported, That his Majesty having P°mt® *® b* iVx been waited upon, humbly to know when he will atte e . pleaseto be attended by this House, his Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at his Palace at Saint James's.

Laave of Ordered, That Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, have Abfeace. Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Dr. Linford Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Prebendary

t°ftPraCV>n Wejftmm/lef, be desired to preach before this House at 1 ' St. Margaret's, West minupon the First Day of Au-

guji next, being the Anniversary of his Majesty s happy Accession to the Crown: And that Mr. Edward Wort ley and Mr. Gybbon do acquaint him therewith.

Bedford The House, according to Order, proceeded in the fur-Bledion. ther hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Bedford:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded in the Justification of other Votes for him, which had been objected against by the Sitting Member's Counsel:

And then they summed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard as to the Evidence given on the Petitioner’s behalf in the Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

The Question being put, That John Harvey Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the , }

Teller, for the No* j *> } U*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Cater Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the County of Bedford, by rating out the Name of John Harvey Esquire, and inferring the Name of John Cater Esquire, instead thereof

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of tire Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for tire effectual Preventing of freth Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, was committed, be further adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That the Merits of tire Election for the Burghs of Aberdeen, Mmtrofe, Brichan, Aberbrothwick,

and Bervy, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Fridqy Morning next

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That the Merits of the Election for the County of Essex, which were appointed to be heard before them Tomorrow, be heard before the said Committee upon Tomorrow Fortnight

Ordered, That such Members of the Committee of Secrecy, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do examine such Persons as they think fit at the said Committee, touching Matters contained in the several Books and Papers before them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Julit;

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the County of Bedford. araended-

Aningrossed Bill for the securing the Freedom of Par- Limiting liaments, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir John Cope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Mofyn Esquire, William Robinson, Anglesea Esquire, John Robinson Esquire, William Jones Esquire, Maurice Lezois Esquire, John Williams Esquire, and John e 10M* Griffith Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and several Gentlemen and Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants in the County of Anglesea.,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Great Sessions of the County of Anglesea, and Shire and County Days, and Sessions of Peace for the said County, have been held and kept within the Town of Beaumorris, or the Liberties thereof, and not

elsewhere, ever since the Second Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth; and they are informed, that (bme Persons have petitioned to repeal and amend the said Act of Parliament, in order to remove the said Sessions to some other Place, as may be most conducive to the Ease and Safety of the said County in general; upon which it was ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal and amend the said Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for keeping the Great Sessions, and County-Courts, at the Town of Beaumorris, in the County of Anglesea: And the said Great Sessions, and County Courts, cannot be kept, to the Ease and Safety of the said County in general, as the Place where the same is now kept:

And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Act of Parliament be repealed or amended.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, is committed, shall be made.

Sir

Aberdeen &c« Firrtif 1

Eflfex

Eio&MR.

- -

LolnllHm

of Sccrecy-

Bedfiw4

'Leverponle

Church.

Tritilege.

Aifwer to Address.

Importing

Fiilu

tank

proposal <br Public Service.

i Geo. I, 20° ,

Sir Thomas Johnfonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Cattle of , held by

Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster: And the same was received.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir William Courtenay, which was appointed to be heard this Day, upon Friday next, in the Afternoon.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he, with the House, did Yesterday present their humble Address to his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleated to give his most gracious Antwerp viz.

Gentlemen,

I Thank you heartily for your Address, and the many Marks of Zeal and Affection which you express for my Honour and Safety, and the Security of the Kingdom.

I will give immediate Directions for putting in Execution the several Matters which you so justly recommend to me: And as I am resolved, on all Occasions, to follow the Advice of my Parliament; lb I have no doubt, but that, by the Blessing of Almighty God, and your fealbn-able and vigorous Assistance, I shall foort be enabled effectually to suppress that Spirit of Rebellion, which is so industriously fomented among us, and to establish the Peace and Prolperity of my People.

Refolted, Nemine contradicente. That the bumble Thanks of this house be returned to his Majesty for his most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Thanks of this House, be returned to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The house, according to Order, proceeded on the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported to this Kingdom, was committed:

Aud the Amendments, as far as Fol. 4. L. 5. were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, made Fol. 4. L. 5. to fill the Blank with " Four Inches," being read a Second time; and an Amendment being proposed thereunto, to leave out " Four;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment being proposed to be made, instead thereof, to insert *

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

chequer Bills, and the Premio of Three Pounds per Cent tint per Annum, together with the several Premio’s of Forty-five thousand Pounds, and Eight thousand Pounds, per Annum, for making the said Bills Specie; One hundred and tw enty thousand Pounds per Annum may be taken out by Quarterly Payments, and Fifty-four thousand Six. hundred Pounds per Annum by like Quarterly Payments, for the publick Service; both to commence from Michaelmas 1715: And that all Overpluses be applied for or towards making up the Sum of Two hundred and seventy thousand Nine hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Seven Shillings per Annum, for sinking the Bills: Provided, That* in case any Deficiency shall happen on the Bank's annual Fund of One hundred thousand Pounds, or their Annuity of One hundred and six thousand Five hundred and One Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, the same be made good, preferable to the sinking any of the said Bills:

And in case the several Branches settled for his Majesty’s Civil List, with One hundred and twenty thoul'and Pounds added thereto, shall, upon the Account to be made at the End. of One Year, produce more than Seven hundred thousand Pounds, such Overplus may also be appropriated towards the said Sum of Two hundred anil seventy thousand Nine hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Seven Shillings per Annum, for sinking and cancelling the said Bills:

And that Provision may be made, as formerly, that the Bank shall continue a Corporation, with all their Privileges and Powers, till all the Exchequer Bills are cancelled; and that other usual and necessary Clauses be inserted in the Act which may pals on this Occasion.

All which is humbly submitted,

By Order of the Court of Directors,

Jo. Ince, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Wav« into the said Committee of the whole House. *"<1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mn Farrer reported from the Committee, Thai they had come to several Resolutions; w'hich they had di-directed him to report, when the House will pleaife to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Jlefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, That 'the Governor of the Bank of England attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he was ordered by the Bank of England to lay before the House a Propofol for the publick Service.

' And then he withdrew.

And the said Proposal was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled:

THAT the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing to agree, That, in case the several publick unappropriated Monies, which, from Michaelmas 1715, will yearly come into the Receipt of Exchequer, together with a Sum of about Twenty-eight thousand Pounds per Annum, be added to the present Funds settled for Exchequer Bills; and such of them as are temporary being made perpetual, redeemable by Parliament; that, after Payment, or reserving sufficient Monies to pay the Interest of Two Pence per Centum per diem on all Ex-Vo L. 18.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate upon Importing the Amendment proposed to the Amendment, made by rish* the Committee, to the Bill for the effectual Preventing of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom:

And the Amendment proposed was agreed unto t

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, were severally read a Second time; and the fame, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed uuto by the House;

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paterson’* for relieving/FiV/iVrw Paterson Esquire, out of the Equiva- Claiins °n

lent-money, for what is due to him, without Amendment: <IUIV *1

And

234 30° Julii.A. 1715.

Preveting And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Tumults, &c. preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual Punching of the Rioters; without Amendment:

Meyer’s And have allb agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Meyer, without Amendment And also,

Aagmeating The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Poor Clergy's making more effectual her late Majesty’s-gracious Inten-Mskrtraanre. tions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ke — et The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Navigatioa. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River navigable from Read-

ing to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was committed:

And the tame was ouce read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Augmenting An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poor Clergy’s for making more effbctual her late Majesty’s gracious In-Maintranace. tendons for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Royal Alfa* A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William *0 Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend ins Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: And that Ins Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Pour publick Bills, and the Nine private Bills following; viz.

An Act to explain the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown; and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject:

An Act for preventing Tumults, and riotous Afleni-blies; and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and for explaining and enforcing the said Act, in relation to the Payment of Tythes and Church Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration;

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late Sacred Majesty King William the Third:

An Act for settling the Precedency of Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Great Chamberlain of England, when created

a Duke of Great Britain; and of such as shall succeed to the said Honour:

An Act for appointing Persons to take care of the Person and Estate of John Digby esquire, eldest Son and Heir apparent of William Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland:

An Act for vesting in the Warden and College of All Souls, in Oxford, and their Successors, certain Houses and Ground belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary, in Oxford:

An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in Great Britain to administer to Henry Temple Esquire, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of the Office of Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland: no

An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Lands deviled by the last Will and Testament of Thomas Trenchard Esquire, deceased:

An Act; for Sale of Part of the F.state late of William Betts Gentleman, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a Settlement by him made of other Part of his Estate:

An Act for relieving William Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him:

An Act to naturalize Florian Gocbell, Merchant;

An Act for naturalizing Herman Meyer.

After winch, his Majesty was gracioufty pleased to de- The TTmjft dare from the Throne, That he had given Diicftions to Speech the Lord Chancellor to declare to both Houses a Matter of the greatest Importance, in his Majesty’s Name and.

Words: And that die Lord Chancellor did accordingly read a Speech, delivered into his Hands by his Majesty from the Throne; and of which, to prevent Mistakfcs,

Mr. Speaker said, he had obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as follows;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Zeal you have shewn for preserving the Peace ' of my Kingdoms, and your Wifdotn in providing so good a Law to prevent all riotous and tumultuous Proceedings, give me great Satisfaction; but I am sorry to find, that such a Spirit of Rebellion has discovered iliel^ as leaves no room to doubt but these Disorders are fft on foot, and encouraged, by Persons dif&ffected to my Government, in Expectation of being supported from abroad.

The Preservation of our excellent Constitution, and the Security of our holy Religion, has been, and always shall be, my chief Care; and I cannot question, but your Concern for these invaluable Blessings is so great, as not to let them be exposed to such Attempts as 1 have certain Advices are preparing by the Petender from abroad, and carrying on at home by a restless Party, in his Favour.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

In these Circumstances, I think it proper to alk your Assistance; and make no doubt but you will so far consult your own Security, as not to leave the Nation, under a Rebellion actually begun at home, arid threatened with an Invasion from abroad, in a defenceless Condition: And I shall look upon the Provision you shall make for the Safety of my People, as the bell Mark of your Affection to me.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- A<Mre&<» drels be presented to his Majesty, to return the most *he K'qg« humble and dutiful Thanks of this House to his Majesty, sP*ech* for communicating to his Parliament the Advices he has . received of an Attempt preparing to be made upon the Nation from abroad, abetted and encouraged by treasonable Practices at home, in favour of a Popish Pretender; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will, with their Lives and Fortunes, Hand by, and support, his Majesty, against all his open and secret Enemies; and to desire his Majesty, That he will immediately give Directions for fitting out such a Number of Ships, as may effectually guard the Coasts; and to issue out Commissions for augmenting his Forces by Land; assuring his Majesty, this House will, without Lois of Time, effectually enable him to raise and maintain such a Number of Forces, both by Sea and Land, as shall be necessary for the Defence of his Sacred Person, and for the Security of his Kingdoms.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Resolution be laid before his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privil Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately take into The King’* Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech this Day Speech con-made to both Houses of Parliament filtered.

The House proceeded, accordingly, to take his Majesty’s Speech'into Consideration:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And

King appoint* to be attended.

Leverpol# , Church,

Way* and Means,

i Geo. I. 20° — 2i° Juki* 23$

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty having been humbly waited on, to know his Plea-lure, when he will be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleated to appoint immediately, at his Palace at St. James's.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,21° die yuliij

Anno i° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABI L L for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Castle at Leverpole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lanc, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposition presented by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and referred by the House to this Committee, for supplying, out of such a Fund as is therein mentioned, the additional yearly Sum of ne hundred Twenty thousand Pounds, during his Majesty’s Life (which God long preserve), for the Service of his Houshold and Family, and other his necessary Expences and Occasions; and a further yearly Sum of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds, to be a Fund or Security for raising a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, as Part of the Supply granted for publick Services, upon such Terms and Conditions, and in such Manner, as in the said Proposition are expressed; be accepted.

Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for answering the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, mentioned in the said Proposition, the Duties on Hops, which have Continuance until the First Day of August 1715, be further continued, and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Duties and Revenues for raising the general Fund to be established, pursuant to the said Proposition, as are now temporary, be made perpetual; subject also to Redemption by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Revenues settled by the Act of the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, together with the said additional Revenue of One hundred Twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, shall produce more, in clear Money, than the yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, to be reckoned from Michaelmas 1715, then the Overplus of such Produce to be made part of the general Fund to be established, as aforesaid; and be appropriated, issued, and applied, accordingly, until all the Exchequer Pills shall be paid off, or the said general Fund shall be redeemed by Parliament; and that afterwards such Overplus, exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds An. fium, be not issued, granted, disposed, or applied to any

Ygj.. J8.

Use or Purpose; or upon arty Pretext Whatsoever, without Authority of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That any Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand Six hundred Niuety-four Pounds One Shilling Seven Pence; of publick unappropriated Monies, which came into the Exchequer before the Twelfth of June 1714, be applied towards defraying his Majesty’s extraordinary Expences relating' to the Civil Government* between the time of his Accession to the Throne* and Michaelmas 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of N ine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, for publick Uses, be raised by settling a perpetual Annuity) after the Rate of Six per Centum per Annum, to be redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That lb much of the Sum of One hundred Eighty thousand Pounds, which was borrowed on the former Act for laying the Duty on Hops, and the Interest thereof, as is deficient, and remaining unpaid, be satisfied out of the Sum of Nine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, to be raised as aforesaid.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill* or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr; Lowndes-, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Carter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government; and the Suceeflion of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Priucefs Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time To* morrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put; That all further Hearings of the Merits of controverted Elections at the Bar of this House* during this Session of Parliament, be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for be yea3.{"^--.,) 96.

Tellers for the Noes, £ j£; 1'»

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday attend his Majesty with their Resolution: And that there-, upon his Majesty was pleated to give this gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you heartily for this Addrefe. The IZeal and Vigour, which you shew upon this Occasion, will, I trust in God, enable me to defeat the evil Designs of our Enemies. I will immediately give Directions for such an Increase of our Forces by Sea and Land, as I shall judge necessary for your Security; and will order Estimates of the Charge thereof to be lajd before you.

The House being moved, That the Act, of the Thirty-first Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas; and also, an Act of Parliament of Scotland, of the Thirty-first of January 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment; and against undue Delays in Tryals; be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his

3 Majesty

Security of the King's Person, tot.

Cohtrovterted

Elections.

Atifwer to Address.

Habeas

Corpus

Stifpeufion,

Supply*

Dammer’t

Estate*

Taunton . Election.

Elections — Returns of Writs of Summons. Ac.

t

*34

fcr0 — ia°

A. 1715j

Majesty shall suspect are cenfpiring aigakift his Perftmor Government.

Mr. Sdiicitbr General, accordingly, presented to the House a- Bill tbim power his Majesty to fecuto and detain focK Perfotis as his Majesty shall fuipeft aTe conspiring his Person or Government: And the same was received'; andf read' the First time.

Refoked', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Orderedj- Thfet' the said Ml be now read a Second timel

The Bill was accordingly read a Second' time.

RefakedJ, That* the Bill be committed;

Rejbktd, That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the said Bill.

The? House, according to Order, resolved' itself into a Conftmittee of the whole Hoafe,-to consider of the Motion itiade Vefterday, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mi1. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported, That the Committee had come frva' Relblotion; which they had directed* him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A- Message froth die Lords, by' Mr. Rogers and My. pbrtner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Salealready made to Edmund Dimmer, Gentleman; of feme Part, and' for vesting other Part, of the Estate of John Brornfeild, Esquire, in the County of

Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage wid* Anne his Wife; in Trustees; to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the said ArtfclleS; and for making the reby, and by other Means in the Act mentioned, some Provision for the said John BromfeiM and Amtt his Wife, and their Tffue: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Thfe other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That die Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, send other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writs of Summons in due time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 41. After " Confession," to insert " or such i( Persons

L. 42. After " convicted," to insert " such t)ifcoverer

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Ah. Act for thee more effectual preventing the Abuses of Sheriffs, and other Returning Officers, in not returning the Writ of Summons in due Time; and for preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned tffl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 22° die Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 17151 Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dimmer, Gentleman, of some Part, and for vesting other Part, of the Estate of John Brornfeild, Esquire, in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the said Articles j and for making the reby, and by other Means in the Act mentioned, some Provision for the said John Brornfeild, and Anne his Wife, and their Issue; was reacT the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Edward Jeffreyes Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That- the Account of the Woollen Manufac- Woollen ex-tures, S(c. exported 'from Scotland from Christmas 1708 ported from to Christmas.1714, be referred to the Consideration of the Scotland.

Committee, to whom the Pfetition-of Jame of London, Merchant, Agent for the publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of them, i| referred.

Ordered, That the annual Account of the Produce of the Customs in Scotland, for Wine and Brandy, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the grols and net Pro- Customs, fct. duce of the Customs, &;c. in Scotland, since the Com- of Scotland, mencement of the Union* to Christmas 1714, be referred to the Consideration of the said- Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the grots- and- net Produce of the Custtoms and Excise on-Salt in Scotland, front Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Excise in Scotland, for Seven Years, from the First of May 1707 to the First of Jfay 1714; and the Account of the Appropriations and Payments thereout,

S$c.; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, towhofft it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Refolotion the Committee had- directed him to- report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Refutation, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Making-make the Militia of this Kingdom more ufetal: And that Militia ,norr the Lord Comngsby and Colonel Bladen do prepare, and u *

bring in, the same.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Or- Ulieger's, der, a Bill to naturalize Robert deUtieger, George Chris- *c-tian Lusters, and others: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person fheKing'

and Person, &c.

Dummei's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

Insolvent Debtors.

Tobacco, Ac. bonded Duties.

’Aberdeen, Ac. Election.

i Geo. 1. 2 a8 — -23’ J'ulii. 4>

and Government; and the Succession of the Crown in the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and' upon the said Bill, for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Waits, and -his open and secret Abettors; was, according Mr. Pulteney, by his Majesty s Command, presented Army to Order, read a Second time. to the House an Estimate of the Charge of Three thou- Estimate.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. sand Dragoons, and Four thousand Foot, per;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to A Committee and of Levy-money of the fame: of the whole House. And the said Estimate was read; and is as follows;

Resolved, That this House will^Tomorrow Morn- viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Three thousand Dragoons, and Four thousand Foot, per Annum; and of

Levy-money for the same; viz.

Charge fir Annum1

The Charge of Three thousand Dragoons per Annum, according to the Establishment, amounts s. d.

unto -----.....- - 145,236 lo 10

The Charge of Four thousand Foot, according to the Establishments, amounts to, per Annum - 81,601 16 8

Charge per Annum - - - £ 226,838 7 6 Charge of Levy-money for the said 3,000 Dragoons, and 4,000 Foot, according to the usual

Allowances ----- - 38,916-

Total Charge - - - 265,754 7 6

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such- Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gope through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Solicitor General, accordingly, reported the said Amendments, which he read- in his Place, and afterwards delivered: in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one ..... were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed: unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Monir ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poos insolvent Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Brichan, Aberbrolhwick, and Bervy:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Burghs, was read;

And the Petitioner’s Counsel examined a Witness, to prove Corruption in the electing Commissioners for the Burghs of Brichan and Montrose:

And the Minutes taken at the Sederunt for the said Election, relating to the Commissioner for the Burgh of Brichan, were read:

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel were heard thereunto; and they inlisted, That the Commissioner for Bervy, You 18.

IVm. Pulteney.

who voted for the Petitioner, was procured to be elected by Bribery:

And the Minutes relating the reunto were read.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

The Question being put, That James Erskine Esquire; is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Aberbrothwick, , Mon?

troje, Brichan, and Inverbervy;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Jlkak John. Middleton Esquire, is dulyelefted a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Burghs oiAberbrothwick, Aberdeen, Montrose, and Inverbervy.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow. Morning, to amend the Return for the Burghs of Aberbrothwick, Aberdeen, , Bri-

chan, and Inverbervy, by rating out the Name of James Erskine Esquire, and inferring the Name of John -

ton Esquire, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Meahs for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Rennet from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Navigation. River Kennet. navigable from Reading to A in the County of Berks, was committed, be adjourned till Wed? nesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned tilL Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 230 die

Anno 1* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Augmenting for making more effectual her late Majesty’s gra- poor Clergy's cious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the Maintenance, poor Clergy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Wird,

Sir John Trevillian, Lord Downe, Mr Dr.

Paske, Lord Coningsby, Nr.Hampden, S’wThomaslVhcate,

Mr. WUmer, Sir I leu. Ashuj’st, Mr. Farrer, Lord

Powlett, Sir Just. Isham, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Core, Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Morgan, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Crece, Mr. London,

Sir Robert Davors, Sir Peter Mews, Lord Castlecomer,

Aberdeen, Ac. Return Amended.

Baiting the Militia*

Leave of Absence.

Supply.

Security of the King's Person, Ac,

»3<5

Sic Arth. Kay, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Mr. Inge, Sir

Rich. Steel, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Rich. Mr. Feitding, Sir John Ward, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Newport, Sit Edward Ernie, Mr. Mr. Went-

worth, Mr. Cocks, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Robert Furncfe, Mr. Downey, Mr. Heme, Mr. Baker, Mr. Eden, Sir Wm. Dairies, Mr. LongueoiUe, Mr. Strangways, Sir Ri-

chard Farrington, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Pulleney, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Pelham, Sir Robert Gordon, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Pow-

let t, Mr. Freeman: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Clerk, of the Crown attended; and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Burghs of Aberbroth-wick, Aberdeen, Montrose, Brichan, and Inoerberoy.

A MeiTage from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid, with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Francis Drew Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir GefferyPaimer Baronet, have Leave to go into die Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Samuel Braceb ridge Esquire, have Leave

A. 1715.

to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That John Hedwerth Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Downey reported from the Committee, to whom Shelton* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Darrington by George Earl of Cardigan to Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Mr. Pulteney, by his Majesty’s Command, presented _*nnT to the House an Estimate of the Charge of Four Com- E"unate’ panies per Annum, to complete the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards to Two Battalions; and for Levy-money for the fame:

And the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

13° Juliu

An ingrafted Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and Habeas detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are con- Corpus spiring against his Person or Government, was read the 5)11 pension' Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person or Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Companies per Annum, to complete the Coldstream Regiment of Foot

Guards to Two Battalions; and Levy-money for the fame; viz.

v Charge.

The Charge of Four Companies of Foot Guards, consisting in the Whole of One hundred and £. s. d.

Ninety-six Men, Officers included, amounts unto, per Annum - - - - 5,146 10 —

Fftr Levy-money for the said Four Companies - - 312-----

Total Charge - - - - £. 5,458 10 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Committeej who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government; and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and

Wm. Pulteney.

for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable his Majesty to granta Commission to administer the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and Abjuration, to all Officers, common Seamen, and Soldiers.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that they had Notice, That there was a MeiTage from the Lords: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

tlejolved. That this House will, immediately after the MeiTage received, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Habeas to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Per- Corpus fons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his SufPenftoB' Person or Government, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,.

The

i Geo. I.

23° — 25* Julii. 237

Security of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a That the BH1 do ptr6.

the King’s Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Ordered, That Mr. Dtnntey do carry the Bffl to the Person, &c. Bill for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Govern* Lords, and acquaint then1), That this House hath agreed ment; and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of to the fame, without any Amendment, the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for ex-

tmguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fry's and his open and secret Abettors. for vetting in Trustees part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Etuu.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Esquire," deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was read

' Mr. Carter took the Chair of the Committee. the Third time.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BiH.

Soysl A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes,

to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty bad been pleased to give the Royal Afleot to the publick Bill following; viz.

An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person or Government.

Encouraging Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope hare Leave to

loyalty m make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

Scotland. And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, w ho do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and fordifeou-raging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also, for calling anyfufpefted Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at or where it

shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour: And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, the Lord William Pmlet, and Sir David do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

And then die House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 50 Julii;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PrA V ERS.

Fry’s TV M R. Drew reported from the Committee, to whom l.VJL the ingrossed Bill irom the Lords, intituled, An Act for Yelling in Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in

at the Clerk’s Table:

v

Sb«lton’a An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Datiington, by George Earl of Cardigan, to Theophilus Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

1 . Vol. 18.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Dreio do carry the BH1 to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Privilege, vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir William Courteney, a Member of this House, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A BiH for building and endowing a Church upon the i^verpol* Site of the late Castle of Leverpole, held by Lease of the CLurch. Duchy of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tko. -fin, Mr. Papillon, Sir Roger Bradskaigh, Lord Stanhope,

Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Fran. Leicester, Lord Harvey, Mr.

Offtey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Carter, Lord Carbury, Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Benson, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Far-rcr. Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Drake, Colonel Grahme,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Colonel Douglas, Sir Edward Northey, Mr. Bromley, Lord nrngsby, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Inge, Mr. Graggs, Mr.

Bracebridge, Mr. Broderick, Mr }Drew, Sir Richard Far-

rington; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster,

Chester, Westmorland, and Cumberland.

A Petition of Captain John Campbell was presented to CIaim» on the House, and read; setting forth, That he having served Scotch as Captain in the late Duke of Argyle's Regiment, during company, the late War, from the time of the late happy Resolution till that Regiment was disbanded at the Peace of Refxcick\ after which, he commanded the Twelve Companies that w ent to Darien; One of which he raised at his ow n proper

Charges, and served as Captain in the said Colony for Tw o Years; and was all that time at very great Expences, both in raising the said Company, and maintaining himfdf:

And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confi-deration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Campbell, of London, Merchant, Agent for the publick Creditors of Scotland, in the Name and Behalf of them, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refobed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Insolvent night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtor*,

to consider further of the BiH for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Tobacco, &c, ing next, refbtoe itself into a Committee of the whole bonded House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers i)utie* of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the same.

Mr. Farrerreported, from the Committee of the whole Supply.

House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Refobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-five thou-ifend Seven hundred Fifty-four Pounds Seven Shillings Sii Pence, he granted to his Majesty for the Pay of Three thousand Dragoons, and Four thousand Foot, Commission Officers and Non Commission Officers included, for One Year; and for the Charge of Levy-money for the same.

3 r Resolved,

338 as0 — 26° Juliu 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge.of Four Companies, to complete the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards to Two Battalions, for One Year; and for Levy-money for the fame.

. The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

security of Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That it be an Instruc-

the King's tion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Person, *c* Bill for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government; and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause for rendering more effectual the Provision made in an Act, of the first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; for seizing and securing the Person of the Pretender, by providing, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be paid to any Person or Persons, being Natives or Foreigners, who shall seize or secure, alive or dead, the Person of the Pretender, whenever he shall land, or attempt to land, in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other his Majesty’s Dominions.

The. House resolved itself into a Committee of the ’whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon JV<idnesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Call of the Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller have Leave to make Hous*. a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That the House he called over upon this Day t Fortnight

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular loiters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of the House on this Day Fortnight, the Eighth of August next: And that this House, notwithstanding any Leave to be absent, will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Members, whose Excuses shall not be allowed of, as shall not then attend the Service of the House.

The said circular Letters are as follow;

From the House of Commons.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs in the fame, That they do attend their Service in Parliament on Thursday the Eighth Day of August next,

notwithstanding any Order for Leave to be absent; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against all such of their Members as shall then neglect their Attendance, and whose Excuses shall not be allowed; And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to,

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

From die House of Commons.

Gentlemen,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to give immediate Summons to all that are absent. That they do attend their Service in Parliament on the Day of next: You are there-

fore desired forthwith to fend the inclosed Letters, as they are directed; And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to

Your humble Servant.

To Sir James Stuart, junior, and Thomas Ketinedy Esquire, or either of them, his Majesty’s Solicitors at Edinburgh.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die lii;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ROBERT de Vlieger, and others, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of William Pellat, Richard Shelley, and /??- Difference* chard Payne, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they being leifed of the Ground- xh*mes-rent, and Reversion in Fee, of Sab's Key, and of a Mef- meet, fuage and Warehouses in or near Thames-street, London', which said Premifies, or the greatest part thereof, were burnt down, and demolished by the Fire which lately happened in Thames-street aforesaid; and a Bill being, brought into this honourable House, for erecting a Court of Judicature, to determine Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, and detnolished, in Thames-street aforesaid; which, they are adviled, will be prejudicial to their Interests: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Judicature, to determine Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down, demolished, or defaced, in or near Thames-street, in the City of London, is committed; and the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, if they think (it, before the Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned Law*, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they w’ere once read throughout; and then a Second 1

time, one by one, as far as Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, That the Penalty of Forty Shillings, mentioned-in the Act of the Eighth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, to be inflicted for want of Weight of Bread, according to the said Act, shall be reduced to the Rate of Five Shillings per Ounce; and so proportionably for any greater or lelfer Weight; such Bread being weighed within Four-and-twenty Hours after the same shall be baked;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate, and further Consideration of the said Report, be adjourned.

A Petition of Aaron Austell, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, Tobacco

16. ip destroyed.

i Geo. I. 0.6° — 270 Julii.

239

in the Year 1711, he did enter 326,319 lb. of Virginia Tobacco at the Custom-house, London, and paid and secured the full Customs for the same; the greatest Part of which he afterwards exported; but the Remainder was unfortunately destroyed by a Hidden and dreadful Fire, 1712; fb could not have any Benefit by Sale, or Drawbacks upon Exportatiorf: And he, and his Sureties, being liable to the Customs of the said Tobacco, he did represent his same to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury; which their Lordships did refer to the Commissioners of the Customs, who have certified the same to be as above set forth; but their Lordships, as the Law now Hands, could not give him any Relief therein; and the granting Debentures for the Tobacco so burnt is no more Detriment to his Majesty’s Customs, than if they had been thipped off to foreign Markets, by which he would have been intitled to Debentures for such Allowance as the Law directs; but, by this Calamity, lie is totally deprived of that Benefit: And praying to be relieved therein.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Security of Mr. Carter, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the &c‘ further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government;

and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princefc Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of FVa/es, and his open and secret Abettors, was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and which they directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not extend to the Office of the Lord Great Chamberlain of England, he substituting and appointing his sufficient Deputy, who shall have taken the Oaths in the Act:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Dissenters in Ireland:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Employment Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his of Half pay Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to allow full Officers. pay such Ha|f pay Officers as are not otherwise provided for: And that his Majesty will give Orders to the said Officers, to hold themselves in Readinels to be employed in such manner as his Majesty Avail think fit: And to assure his Majesty, That this House will supply such extraordinary Expence as his Majesty shall be at on this Account, out of the next Aids to be afterwards granted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Eegnlating Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

the Land Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

Forces. And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the enforcing, and making more effefibml, an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Vox.. 18.

regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; for the better preventing Mutiny and -Desertion: And that Mr. Pulteney and General Cadogan do prepare, and bung in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Minefcead Borough of Minehead be heard at tile Bar of this House, Election.

o ' t 9

upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Elefition for the Taunton Borough of Taunton be heard at the Bar of this House, Eleaion. upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. London, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Cater, Liverpole Mr. Godfrey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Church. Bill for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Castle.of Liver pole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mottling, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 diuli't;

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of many of the Baymakers in the Bo- Ci.lchester rough of Colchester, in the County of £ on be- W«>lien half of themselves, and all other Baymakers of the ft id Manufacture. Town, together with their Sons and Apprentices, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition of the Ray and Say Weavers of the said Town was presented to this honourable Iloule; setting forth the Decay of the Weaving Trade, and many Persons employing more Apprentices than by Law they ought, and divers unlawful Helps, who never served an Apprenticethip of Seven Years to the Trade, or have any Right thereto: And praying, That a Clause might be added to a Bill, to enable the said Weavers to choose Wardens, and punish such unlawful Helps; and that such of them as belonged to the Corporation, and had a Branch in the Woollen Manufacture, might have Liberty to make Colchester Bays, to be hailed, and sealed, at the Dutch Bay Hall, without Interruption: And the Petitioners apprehend, that such a Clause will tend to the Destruction of the Trade in general; there having been, for many Years past, more Bays made than the Markets would carry oft'; and will be to the great Damage of (hem, their Sons, and Apprentices, duly bound for Seven Years to the said Trade of Bay making; and, who, they conceive, have the only Right to the Trade of making Bays, to be hailed, and sealed, at the said Dutch Bay Hall: And praying, That no such Clause may Le granted; and that they may be heard, by Counfe1, to make good the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Bay and Say Weavers in Colchester, in the County of Efj'ex, is referred: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. fVrightfon do carry the ingrossed Fry'*

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Efut*. Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Liv«rpr>}e to w'hom the Bill for building and endowing a Church Church, upon the Site of the late Castle of , held by

Lease from the Dudiy of Lancaster, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Ctaufes, to explain an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William, intituled, An Act to enable the Town of

Liverpole

Importing

FWh.

Ksnnet

Navigation.

Answer U Address.

Making Militia more lifeful'

240

27° Julit.

A. 1715.

Liverpole, in the Couirty Palatine of Lancaster', to build a Church, and endow the lame; and for making the said Town and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton; touching the Manner of elefiting the Rectors of the said new Church, and Parochial Chapel; and for settling a Sum in proportion to the yearly Value of Garden-ground within the said PariQi, to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of such Garden ground.

An iogrossed Bill for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill: Pr. 2. L. 40. To leave out w March," andinfert " u t ember

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Refol-ccd, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Air. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Older, proceeded to take into farther Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, as far as Clause I): And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with feme Amendments to same of them, agreed unto by the House. '

Clause D being read a Second time, That if the River shall, by means ot new Cuts, or any otherwise, be lessened, or diverted from any Waters Meadows, whereby the Occupiers of them shall be damnified, Satisfaction shall be made to the Occupiers of Water Meadows, out of the Riverage, or any other Securities given by the Undertakers;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Mr. Clarges:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended; and, upon the Quefrion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their j^ddress, of Yesterday, relating to the Half Pay Officers, had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty received the same very graciously; and was pleased to say, That he looked upon this Address as a fresh Instance Of the Duty and Affection of this House, and of their Zeal for the Security and Preservation of his People and Government.

Colonel Bladen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful: And the same was received; and read the First time:

And a Debate anting in the House touching the Second Reading thereof;

And a Motion being made, and the Questton being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House diviJed. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Sir H \ tellers lortne ieas, Bathurst: X 71

Teller, for the Noes.^X-W

157-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Aloming next.

Ordered \That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Railing tb* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 171,5, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Afr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Privilege. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint, That Air.

Thomas Green, and others, have entered upon the possession of Sir William Courteney Baronet, a Member of this House; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint, That Air. Thomas Green, and others, have entered upon the Pofi’elfions of Sir William Courteney Baronet, a Aleinber of this House;

The Committee have examined the Alattet of the said Complaint

Mr. John Ash said, That Mr. Thomas Green, and others, having, at several times in March and April last, disturbed Sir William Courtenays, Possession, by entering with Force upon his Estate called Gurteenlinagh and Ballyneo, in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and driving off his Tenants Cattle; the Witnesss, upon the 9th of May last, gave them Notice of Sir Privilege, as a Member of this House; and that he infilled thereon, for quieting his laid Possession: After, which Notice, upon the 16th of the same May, tiiey came with Pistols and other Arms, and again forcibly entered upon the said Estate, and drove away the Tenants Cattle; and they have since dug the Ground, and cut down Half an Acre of Coppice-wood: And that the Per*

Tons, who thus entered upon the said Estate, and committed Spoils there, as aforesaid, are. Air. Thomas Green,

John Gilbourn, Edmund Gilbourn, Thomas James

Fitz-Gerra/d, John Conor, John Condon, Tie go Cronen, and John Haddermatu

And that, upon the whole Alatter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Air. Thomas Green, John Gilbourn, Edmund -bourn, Thomas Sulivan, James Fitz-G err aid, John Conor,

John Condon, Tiego CrOntn, and John Hadderman, having, at several times in March, April, and May, last, entered upon the Possessions of Sir William Ba-

ronet, a Member of this House, in the County of in the Kingdom of Ireland, and driven out his Tenants Cattle, cut down Wood, and done other Spoils to the said Estate, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Ordered, That Air. Thomas Green, for his said Breach of Privilege, he taken into*Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Gilbourn, for his said Breach df Privilege, be taken into Cul’tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Edmund Gilbourn, for his said Breach of Privilege, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered,

i Geo. I.

tf — irjulii.

Ordered, That Thomas Suliv, for his said Breach of Privilege, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Janies Fitz for his said Breach of Privilege, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Conor, for his said Breach of Pri* vilege, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Condon, for his said Breach of Privilege, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

24I

or securing, alive Or dead, the Person of the Pretender, then their Executors or Administrators shall receive the same Share of 100,000 /. as their Testators or intestates would have been entitled unto, had they been living: And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon,

House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass

agreed umo by the were made by the And that the Title

Ordered, That Tiego Cronen, for his said Breach of Pri. be, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Per-vilcge, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms son and Government; and the Succession of the Crown in attending this House. the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants;

Ordered, That John Haddcrman, for his said Breach of and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince Privilege, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

Regulating the Land >orcea.

UTays and Means.

Tobacco, Ac. bonded 1> 11 tied*

Supply.

Arms attending this House.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for the enforcing, and making more effectual, an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; for the better preventing of Mutiny and Desertion; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read; . o ——

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning of the . Election for the Borough of Taunton, in the

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, County of;

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitions, complaining of the said Election and Return, were read:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel were beard, as to the Right of Election:

And the Sitting Members Counsel were likewise heard to the same Point; and examined several Witnesses thereunto.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made. That the Right of Elec-

Security of the King’s Psriun, &c.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Regulating Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the en- p0erf^>nd forcing, and making more effectual, an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported frotn the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Merits

Taunt on Election.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. tion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough

of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, is in the Inha

And then the House adjourned till To morrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 28° die Julii;

Anno i# Georgii Regis, 1715.

Puayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government; and the Succession Vk^rVTV r’i *!'"

t rwn in th* Of th, Pnn, of. W,;, quanted them with the said Resolution

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Taunton be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

bitants within the said Borough, being Pot-wallers, and not receiving Alms or Charity;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by leaving out " or Charity

And the Question being put, That the Words " or. " Charity" do stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were called in; and Mr. Speaker ac-

of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, asa Rider, to be added to the Bill; That the Oath of Abjuration, by the Act appointed to be taken in Engla, lba.ll be the Oath of Abjuration to be taken in Ireland, and no other:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrotfed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill; That, in case any Person shall be killed in seizing Vol. IS.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be taken into Consideraiion upon Wednesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 Q

Railing the Militia.

Regulating the Land Forces.

Palatine*

Nat.

j

Enlarging the Bank Fond.

South Sea Company's Proposal for Publick Service.

24a

Veneris, 29P die Julii j

Anno i* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Craggs, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the enforcing and making more effectual, an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; for the better preventing Mutiny and Dersertion; was committed; the Amendments they had made thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the Houfo; and he read the same in his Place; and after* wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees for settling the poor Palatines in Ireland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they were constituted Trustees for settling several Families of poor Palatines in Ireland; and there are settled Two hundred and Thirteen Families, who m-dustriously follow their several Occupations, especially in propagating Hemp; and arc well settled on several Gentlemens Estates; and have Freeholds; but, being Strangers, they were ignorant of their being obliged to take the Oaths prescribed by the Act for Naturalization; and, the Act being repealed before they could be settled on their Freeholds, they are not capable of enjoying the m; but have since taken the Oaths, though the Time prescribed by the Act was elapsed: And praying, That a Time may be allowed them to take the Oaths.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition: And that the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Molefaorth, and Mr. Strickland, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Fund for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Erelating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- Sir James Bateman, Sub-Governor of the South Sea Company, presented to the House a Proposel from the General Court of the South Sea Company for raising the Sutn of Eight hundred Twenty-two thousand. Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings Eight Pence, for the Service Of the Publick: And the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Julii 1715.

1. THAT the said Company do consent, that their Stock be enlarged to Ten Millions, byadding 822,032/. 4s. 8 to the present Stock, by an Act, of this Session; for which an Annuity, after the Rate of Six per Cent, be allowed from 24 June 1715, over and above the present 8,0001, per Annum, for Management.

2. That this additional Stock be vested in feme Persons for the Purposes hereafter mentioned; and be written in the Book of the said Company accordingly,

3. That 558,678/. is. 4dbeing the Year’s Interest

for 9,177,967/. 15 r. 4</. the Company’s present Slock, from Christmas 1714 to Christmas 1715; and 24,660/,

1 gs.4 d.the Interest of the 822,032/. 4-s. 8 new Stock, from Midjiimmer last to Christmas next; making together 583,339/. os. 8 d.; be, upon passing the said Act, immediately assigned, by the Persons in whom it shall be vested, to the Cashier of the Company, or whom the Court of Directors may appoint to accept the fame, that due Discharge may be given for it.

4. That 238,693/. 4#. in Stock, the Remainder of the said 822,032/. 4 s.8 d. additional Stock, be for the Publick Service, as shall be directed.

5. That, from and after 25 December 1715, there be as is now provided, till 2 5 Decembe 1716, annually within Twenty Days after the 25 December an Estimate made of what the Funds, applicable to pay the Company their Annuity, will amount to, by a Medium of the 'three preceding Years; and what, the same shall fall short of 608,600l. shall be provided for by Parliament; and the Deficiency, at the End of every Quarter of each succeeding Year, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, out of the Money then in, or first coming to, his Hands.

6. That, after 25 December 1716, what the Funds shall produce short of the said 608,000l. in each Year, ending the 25 December, which, the Company are appre-hensive, will be considerable, shall be provided for by Parliament; and made good by the Treasurer of the Navy, out of the Money then in, or first coming to, his Hands,

7. That the Clauses for making good the said Deficiencies by the Treasurer of the Navy beeffectual, to the Satisfaction of the Company; and that thereby the Treasurer of the Navy be obliged to pay every Deficiency, as the same shall happen, whether the same be provided for by Parliament, or not; and that, in Default of Money in his Hands, he be authorized and obliged to dispolc of lo much of any Parliamentary Securities, which shall be> in, or first come to, his Hands, os will be sufficient to enable him to discharge the Deficiency due to the Company, and pay them the same in Money, without any Deduction from the Company.

8. That as for such Money as has been, or, on or before the 25 December 1715, shall be, paid into the Exchequer out of the Duties on Salt, above what may be sufficient to pay the Interest of unsubscribed Tallies 1710, and also out of the Duties on Candles, 8$c. Apprentices, which are at present applicable to the Payment of the Company’s Annuity, the ferae to be received by the Company weekly, out of the Exchequer; and be deducted out of the Quarter’s Annuity, which shall be due to the Company from the 25 December 1715 to the 25 March 1716.

By Order of the General Court,

39 July 1715. Ja. Bateman, Sub. Governor.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Governor and Company of Merchahts of Great Britain trading to the oouth Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the FHhery; having under their Consideration how they may be more serviceable to his Majesty, and Government, in this Juncture, do propose to the honourable House of Commons, in Paniament assembled, towards raising the Supply for the Service of the Publick, by enlarging the capital Stock of the said Company;

*5

A Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more use- Making fol, was, according to Order, read a Second time. Militia mot*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. useful.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

M

Regulating the Land Forest*.

Ways and Means.

Tobacco, See.

bonded

Duties.

Supply.

Weaver

Kavi^auon.

Xeare of Absence.

Ways and Means.

i Geo. I. 29° — 30 ^43

An ingrossed Bill for the enforcing, and making more effectual, an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Dersertion, by enforcing, and making more effectual. An Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV°dnesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Laevther, Mr. Mountgomery, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Midleton, Mr. Steuart, Doctor Oliphant, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Fordsham Bridge to Northxcych, in the County of Chester, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 30° JulU;

Anno l* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Praters. f\RDER ED, That Henry Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of Ireland, have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, his Son being very ill, and upon other extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America', wherein they offer, That 822,032/. 45. 8 d.may be added to their capital Stock, for the Publick Service, upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; be accepted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ^That Anne Milner, Thomas Coand William,

be relieved as to the Customs by them paid, and secured, for 227 Hogsheads of Tobacco destroyed by the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street.

Vol. 18.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That William Parrott, and others, who faffered the L06 of several Quantities of Sugar, arid other enumerated Commodities, in the said Fire; the Customs whereof as is alleged, amount to the Sum of 2,901 IT 17 10

be relieved.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Esquire, and the Executors of John James David Merchant, be relieved, in respect of the Duties paid, or le1 cured, the Half Subsidies excepted, for Sixty-nine Hogs-heads and Fifteen Tierces of Claret taken by the French.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Proposition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; wherein they offer, That 822,032/. 45. 8 may bfe added to their capital Stock, for the Publick Service* upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; be accepted.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after " secured, these Words, " the Half " Subsidy excepted

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Anne Mil* ner, Thomas Colemore, and William Hunt, be relieved, as to the Customs by them paid, and secured, the Half Subsidy excepted, for 227 Hogsheads of Tobacco destroyed by the late dreadful Fire in Thames-street.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " except as to the Half Subsidies

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amenaed, That William Parrott, and others, who fullered the Loss of several Quantities of Sugar, and other enumerated Commodities, in the said Fire; the Customs whereof, as is alleged, amount to the Sum of 2,901/. 17 s. 10 be relieved, except as to the Half Subsidies.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Shepheard Esquire, and the Executors of John James David Merchant, be relieved, in respect of the Duties paid, or secured, the Half Subsidies excepted, for Sixty-nine Hogsheads and Fifteen Tierces of Claret taken by the French;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions agreed unto by the House j- And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Onjlmc, Mr. Colemore,.and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr* Lovebottd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs; to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon. contiguous to the feat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengera withdrew.

A Bill for enlarging the Fund for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer

Courtiua/*

Estate.

Enlarging the Bank Fund.

Leare of

Absence.

Coir'enay’s

Eiiate.

Lord# desire Leave for a Member to titeud them,

Earl of

Oxford’s Impeachment.

244

Bills; end for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred Twenty thousand Poun&sper Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum,

not exceeding Nine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per , redeemable

by Parliament; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Conway Baronet, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Godfrey Clarke Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords desire this House will give Leave, That Thomas Vernon, of Twickenham Park, Esquire, a Member of this House, may come to the Lords Committees for Privileges, to whom the Complaint of a Breach of the Earl of Abingdon's Privilege is referred, in order to be examined by the said Committee, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Thomas Vernon Esquire, have Leave to attend the Lords at their Committee of Privileges, if he thinks lit.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That they had directed him to exhibit further Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Robert Earl of O.iford and Earl ;and he read

the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they w ere read; and are as follows; viz.

FURTHER Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

Article I.

That whereas, in or about the Month of in the

Year 171 a dangerous and destructive Expedition hard been set on foot, and projected, under the Pretence of making a Conquest on the Possessions of the French King in North America; but with a real Design to promote his Interests, by weakening the Confederate Army in Flanders, and dissipating the Naval Force of this Kingdom; as well as for the fake of the private Interests, and corrupt Gain, of the Promoters of the said Expedition; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mor, being then One of her late Majesty’s Privy Council, and One of the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Treasury, was not only wanting in his Duty to her late Majesty, by wilfully and industriously absenting from the Meetings of other Persons then in high Trust under her Majesty, wherein the said Expedition was concerned; and by not advising her Ma-16

A. 1715.

jesty against, and doing what in him lay to have prevented, the putting the same in Execution; but did, contrary to his Oath and the high Trust then reposed in him, advise her Majesty to consent to the making an Expedition for the Conquering Canada, and the City of Quebeck, on the River of St. Lazvrence, in North America: And, in Execution of his said evil Counsels, lie did further advise her Majesty to give Orders for detaching several Battalions of the Forces then in the Service of her Majesty, in conjunction with her Allies in Flanders, and to fend the fame, with a large Squadron of Men of War, on the said Enterprize; although the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer well knew that the said Project, or Expedition, having been frequently deliberated on, and maturely considered, a short time before, in a Committee of Council, was then laid aside, as dangerous and impracticable: And a Demand being made at the Treasury, on or about the Months of or June 1711, for the Sum of 28,000 I. or thereabouts, on Pretence of Arms and Merchandize said to be lent on the said Expedition to Canada, he the said Robert Earl of and

Earl Mortimer, being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, though he well knew, or had Reason to suspeCb, that the same was an unjust and exorbitant Demand, and a great Abuse on her Majesty, and the Publick, and fuel) as ought not to have been complied with, was not only wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, in not giving his humble Advice against the said Demand, or at least, 111 not representing to her the Grounds of l'uch his Suspicion; but did, contrary to his Oath, and his Duty, advise her Majesty, That the said Sum should be issued and paid; and did accordingly countersign a Warrant to the Paymaster of her Majesty's Forces for the Payment of the lame; pursuant to which the same was issued, and received:

And, in further Violation of his Oath, his Duty and Trust, and with the most corrupt Dclign to prevent the Justice due to her Majesty, and the Nation, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl being the n

Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and exercising a most unexampled arbitrary Power, not only hi'her Majesty’s private Councils, but extending his evil Influences to the great Council of the Nation, after the said Expedition had proved unsuccessful, and it had been discovered to him the said Robert Earl oiOxford and Earl that the Nation had been cheated of above Twenty thousand Pounds on that Account, did, most ungratefully and corruptly, employ his wicked Arts, and the Credit which he had gained by his many false and crafty Insinuationi and Practices, to keep the House of Commons from examining that Affair:

And, in or about the Month of August 1714, in a Letter, or Memorial, qnder his own Hand, to her late Majesty, he did ptefume not only to insinuate the ill Opinion he therein pretended always to have lied of the said Expedition; but did declare the Suspicions he had of the great Injury and Abuse done to her Majesty, and the Publick, in the Demand of the said 28,0001, even at the time when the same was made; and that the Publick had been cheated of above 20,0001, on that Account: And in the said Memorial did presume further to declare to her Majesty, That he was forced to use all his Skill and Credit to keep the House of Commons from examining that Affair the last Parliament; thereby vainly, but moll w ickedly, recommending himself to the Continuance of her Majesty’s Favour, by the Succels of his most profligate Measures: By all which unparalleled Corruptions, and most dangerous Counsels and P radices of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimerthe good and faithful Allies

of her Majesty were deprived of the Aid of her Majesty’s Troops, to which they were entitled by their Conventions; and the Confederate Army in Flanders was greatly diminished to the apparent Advantage of the common Enemy; the Publick Money, granted by Parliament for reducing the Powrer of France, and which was exprefiy appropriated for other special Services, was arbitrarily and illegally misapplied and embezzled, and an heavy Debt incurred on the Nation, not only fitting the Parliament,

Lint

30* Julii.

Geo. I. 3&9 JuliL 245

but even in Contempt and Defiance of a Rep'resentation made by the House of Commons to the Throne, even whilst the said Expedition was concerting; and whereby the highest Injustice was done in ftippreifing an Inquiry fi> just to her Majesty, and her People, and a lafiing Reproach and Scandal brought on that House of Commons, of which he boasts, as having been wrought on, by his corrupt Influence, not to examine into so high, and so feandalous, an Abuse.

Article II.

That the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl not contented with the high Employments, and Places of Honour and Profit, bestowed on him by her late Majesty, nor with the large and excessive Gains by him made by the Incomes and Profits of the said Employments, on or about the Month of October 1711, whilst the Nation was engaged in a most expensive Wat against France and Spain, for preserving the Liberties of Europe, and greatly exhausted with the Supplies and Taxes for carrying on the ferae, and was under such heavy Debts as were impossible to be satisfied without the utmost Frugality, or lay-ing grievous Taxes on the Commons of;

contrary to his Oath, and his high Trust, and making a most dishonourable and ungrateful Use of the ready Ac-ccfs he had to her late Majesty, did prevail on, and advise, her Majesty to sign a Warrant to himself, being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, for the ilfuing and Payment of the Sum of 13,000l. to John Drummond Esquire, or his Assigns, for such special Services relating to the War, as her Majesty had directed: And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, on or about the 24th of November following, in pursuance of the said Warrant under her Majesty s Sign Manual, did sign a Warrant for the Payment of the said 13,000l. hr such special Services of the War, as her Majesty had directed; although no special Services had been, or were at any time afterwards, directed by her Majesty, to which the said Monies were to be applied.

And the said Robert Earl of and Earl Morti-

mer having privately desired Leave of the said Drummond, to strike feme Tin Tallies in his the said Drummond's Name, he did, pursuant thereto,- direct, that Orders, amounting to the Sum of 13,000l. should be charged in the Register of the Exchequer, on the Monies arising by Sale of Tin, in the Name of the said John Drummond; and though the same were accordingly ltruck in the Name of the said Drummond, in or about the Month of November 1711, they were not delivered out to the said Drummond; but were kept in the Treasury Chamber, or elsewhere, in the Power or Custody of the said Earl, till about the End* of January following, when the said Drummond having Occasion, as the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer well knew, to go into Holland, at the Dfiere' and Request of the said Earl, he indorsed his Name on the said Orders; and the same were left, by his Privity, Direction, or Consent, in the Hands of Mr. John Taylour, a Clerk of the Treasury: And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, having afterwards got Possession of the said Orders, did, in or about the Month of June 1712, fend an Order, in Writing, to the said Mr. Taylour, to deliver the said Tallies to a Servant of the said Earl; which was done accordingly; the said Indorsement not being at that time filled up.

And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, having, by these corrupt and scandalous Methods, got the said Tallies and Orders into his own Hands, did afterwards fill up Assignments of the said Orders for t2,oooo/. Part of the said 13,000l. to himself, and the remaining Part to such other Persons as he thought fit; and did afterwards, in or about the Months of October, and November, 1713, at several times, dispose of the said Orders and Tallies to his own private Use and Advantage: And, to cover the said scandalous Embezzle--ments, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer d\d afterwards, as lie pretends, advise, and prevail on, her Majesty, on or about the 14th of December 1713,.to sign a W arrant prepared by himself j wherein, after the

Vol. 18.

Recitals of his own good, faithful, and acceptable Services, which had tended to the Quiet, Safety, and Prosperi-ty, of her Majesty, and her Realms, though accompanied with great Difficulties on himself, and Hazards to him, arid his Family; and that her Majesty was resolved to bestow upon him a Sum of ready Money; but the said Farl rc-presenting to her Majesty, That the Arrears then due to her Servants and Tradesmen Were very great and pressing, her Majesty did therefore agree and determine, that he should have to his own Use the said several Sums, amounting to 13,000l. comprised in the Orders aforesaid; it was directed, That the said John Drummond should ufsign the said Orders, and the whole Right and Benefit thereof, to the said Earl, and his Assigns; although the said Earl had privately and clandefcinely procured from the said Drummond an Assignment of the said Orders near Two Years before the said Warrant, and had fraudulently and corruptly disposed and converted them to his own Use, without her Majesty’s Privity or Consent feme time before her Majesty was prevailed on tosign the said Warrant.

And though the last-menlioned Warrant, if any such there be, was not communicated to the said Drummond by the said Earl during her Majesty’s Life; nor was the same countersigned, nor entered in the Treasury; yet he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, even after his laid Corruption had been discovered in Parliament, did presume, without the Privity of the said to

lend the said Warrant to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, desiring, that the same might then have been entered in the Treasury; but the same wras, with’ great Honour and Justice, refused to be so entered:

By which most vile and scandalous Corruption, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer was guilty of the most notorious Breach of his Oath and Trust, as' Lord High Treasurer of Great; of the highest

Abuse of her Majesty’s Good nek, and Embezzlement of her Treasure; and of the greatest Injustice and Oppression of other her Majesty's Subjects.

Article Hid.

That whereas, by the established and known Laws of this Kingdom, the Allowances or Appointments for the Maintenance and support of Ambaflkdors, Envoys, Plenipotentiaries, and other publick Ministers of the Crown in foreign Courts, ought to be ascertained in due Form of Law, as well in Honour, as in Justice to the imperial Crown of these Realms:

And whereas the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, in or about the Month of July or 1712,

lent Matthau Prior Esquire, an Instrument and Creature of his own, into France, for the carrying on his separate and dangerous Negotiations; and did afterwards, in the Month of November 1712, by his evil Counsels, prevail on her late Majesty, without the Privity of, or any Communication with, her Allies, to fend the said Matthew Prior, as her Majesty"s Plenipotentiary to the French King, with Instructions to treat and conclude Matters of the highest Importance relating to the general Negotiations of Peace; but the same was a treacherous and wicked Contrivance of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, for the more effectual carrying on and promoting his private, separate, and dangerous, Practices with the Ministers of France,. and the Enemies of her Majesty, and her Kingdoms:

He the said Robert\Lsx\ of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, not regarding his Oath, or his high Trust, or the Laws of the Kingdom, did, most corruptly and scandalously combine with the said Matthew Prior for the defrauding her Majesty of very great Sums, under the Colour of his feid Employments in France; and, to that end, the said Earl did contrive, that the said Prior should be sent into France with the Character aforesaid, but without any settled Appointments or Allowances; but, in the stead and lieu thereof, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did give the said Matthew Prior an unlimited Credit; and did promise to answer and pay such Bills as the said Prior should draw on him during his Residence in France.

3 R Pursuant

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment*.

Earl of Qxford’t Im* pcachmaU

*4 6 3 0 ° Julii . 1715.

Purfuautto which Contrivance, and corrupt Agreement, he the said Matthew Prior did, between the 27th Aagafi in the Veer 1712, N. S. and the 10th July 1714, or thereabout*, at fevecal times, draw Bills of Exchange, to the Amount of 12,360/. or thereabouts, on him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer-, which he, being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, did advise, and prevail on, her Majesty to sign Warrants for the Payment of, and did countersign, the fame; although the said Prior was no way entitled to any such Allowances by reason of his said Employment; and the same greatly exceeded the Allowance even of an Ambassador of the Crown of Great Britain:

And the said Robert Earl of Oxfordoad Earl Mortimer

did, in the Years 1712, 1713, and 1714, without any Colour of Authority, but for the further promoting his corrupt and wicked Purposes, prevail on, and advise, her Majesty to sign Warrants, which were countersigned by himself, for the Payment of the Sum of 5,560 /. or thereabouts, to the Use of Thomas Harley Esquire, a near Relation and Emissary of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, out of the Monies appropriated to the Use of her Majesty’s Civil List:

And did, in like Manner, at several times, in the Years aforesaid, most illegally, fraudulently, and corruptly, issue or direct, or advise the Direction and Payment of, several other large Sums of Money, to other Persons, out of her Majesty’s Treasury:

By which most illegal and scandalous Management, ha the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer has introduced a Practice highly prejudicial to, and utterly kioonfistant with, the Constitution of this Kingdom, and of the most pernicious Consequence, by opening a Way for the most dangerous Corruptions; and was not only guilty of a notorious Breach of his Oath, but entered mto the rood base and feandalous Combination with the Persons above mentioned, and others, under Pretence and Colour of promoting her Majesty’s Service, to defraud her Majesty of the Publick Money, which (he was intruded with the Management of, for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Article IVth.

That whereas the Revenues arising to the Crown from (be Hereditary Excise, and Pod Office, or some Parts thereof, were* by virtue of Letters Patents of the kate King James the Second, charged with, and made liable to, certain Annuities, or yearly Sums, in Trust for, or to the Use of, Mary the Consort of the said King James the Second; but the dud Revenues were afterwards, by fevered Ada of Parliament, granted and settled for the Support of the Royal Hou&old, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or for other publick Uses, without any Saving or Exception of the said Letters Patents: And whereas, by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, the Sum of 500,000l. was granted to her late Majesty, for the Discharge of divers Arrears of Salaries, Diet, Monies, and other Allowances, and sundry Debts, for Pre-emptions, Provisions, and other Causes, which had. been then incurred, and grown due to her late Majesty's Servants, Tradesmen, and others; and were occasioned by several extraordinary Expencaa (ince the Act for the better Support of her Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the CtowA: And the said Sum of 500,000 was expressly appropriated to the Uses afore-mentioned, in Aid of the said Revenues or Branches, which were appointed for the Support of her Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown:

And whereas by an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years, of his late Majesty King the Third, it was

Enacted, That, for preventing traitorous Correspondence between his M^efty’a Subjeds and the pretended Prince of IVafer^of has Adherents, that if any of the Subjeds of the Crown of England, from and after die Fil'd Day of March 170L (houM, within this Realm, or without,-bold» entertain, or keep, any Intelligence or Correspond-

ence, in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with the said pretended Prince of Wales, or with any Person or Persons employed by him, knowing such Person to be so employed; or should, by Bill of Exchange, or otherwise, remit or pay any Sufn or Sums of Money, for the Use or Service of the said pretended Prince of Walestknowing such Money to be for such Use or Service; such Person, so offending, being lawfully con-vided, should be taken, deemed, and adjudged, to be guilty of High Treason, and shall fufter and forfeit, as in Cafes of High Treason:

He the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer having, by Means of the said Matthew Prior, held a private and unlawful Correspondence with the said Con-fort of the late King James the Second, then redding m France, and being determined secretly to promote, as for as in him lay, the Interest of the Pretender; but yet contriving to avoid the said Penalty of High Treason; and the said Consort of his* late Majesty King James the Second having empowered Abbot Gaultier, a Popish Priest, and buiy Emissary between Great France, dur-

ing the said private and separate Negotiations of Peace, and who was particularly intruded, as the common Agent between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, in transacting the most secret Affairs relating to the Pretender, to concert, with the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, the settling the Payment and Remittance of a very great yearly Sum, out of her Majesty’s Treasure, into France, under Colour and Pretence of the said Letters Patents; and the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, having held frequent clandestine Conferences with the said Abbot Gaultier on the Subject aforesaid, and having, by his evil Counsels, sacrificed to France the common Interests of F.uropc and being resolved, that foe Fftft-firuits of the Peace with France should be an Offering made, by his immediate Procurement, to the nearest and rood avowed Adherent of the Pretender, though at the great Expence of the Honour and Safety of her Majesty, and her People, did, soon after the Conti ufion of the Peace with France, agree and undertake to procure the Payment of the yearly Sum of 47,000 /. and upwards, to, or to the Use of, the said Consort, during her Life; and, in Execution of his (kid Purpose, did afterwards, on or about the 23d December 1713, being then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and of her Majesty’s Privy Council, advise her late Majesty to sign a Warrant to himself, in the Words, or ta the Effect, following, viz. " Anne, R. Whereas our late Royal Father " King James the Second, by Letters Patents under his " Great Seal, bearing Date on or about the 28th Day of Augttfl 1685, <11*1 grant unto Lawrence Earl of " chejhr, Henry Earl of Peterborow, Sidney Lord -

u phin, Robert Worden Esquire, and Sir Edward Herbert " Knight who are all since deceased), divers Annuities, " or yearly Sums, amounting to 37,328 /. 13*. 7 to hold to them, and their Hews, during the Life of the then Royal Consort Mary, now Queen Dewager, in H Trust for her; and, by other Letters Patents, bearing " Date on or about they! Day of December 1686, did " also grant unto the said Queen a for ther Pension, or 4* yearly Sum, of 10,000l. to bold during her natural Life; all of which were made payable in fetch manner as " in the said several Letters Patents is more fully expressed: Our Witt and Pleafore now is, and we- do.hereby direct, authorise, and command, That yon caefe Payment to be made to the Heirs of such of the said Trustees, as was the longest Liver of them, of so much as, since tfee 23th Day of Merck kaft 1713, is ineurred or grown due on- Che feid Annuities,' or yearly " Sums, amounting to 37,328/. 13a. 7 and to the " feid Queen Dowager, or her Assigns, of so much as, " since the said 25th Day of March last, is incurred or " grown due on the said Annuity of 10,000 /. according to the Purport of the several Grants, or Letters Patents, above recited; as also of what shall hereafter " become due, and payable, upon the said several

" Awiuitiea,

i Geo. I. 300 Jutii. 247

M Annuities, Quarterly, during the Life of the said Queen of Spain to her late Majesty, to treat of Matters of the " Dowager: And, for lb doing, this shall be your War- greatest Importance to the Honour and Safety other Ma- ram. Given at our Court at fVindfor Castle the 23d of jesty, and her Kingdoms; and having given Notice of the n " December >713, in tire Twelfth Year of our Reign:" same to Earl of Oxford and Earl then

And did afterwards, on or about the 24th of December Lord High Treasurer of Great , and of her Ma-

folldwing, lign a Warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt jesty’s Privy Council, and who then assumed to himself of her Majesty’s Exchequer, requiring him to make and thefupreme Direction in her Majesty’s Councils; he the pass Debentures for paying to such Person or Persons, as said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer was not is, are, or shall be, authorized to receive the same, the only wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, in not advising Sum of 9,332/. 3 s.4 id.for One Quarter, incurred upon her Majesty against receiving and admitting the said Lilejh, the said several yearly Sums therein mentioned, from alias Lawless, in the Quality aforesaid; but did, together Lady-day 1713, to Midsummerfollowing; and appointed with other false and evil Counsellors, advise her Majesty the same to be satisfied out of the Sum of 500,000l. ap- to receive and admit him as a Minister from his laid expropriated by an Act passed in the then last Session of tholick Majesty; and the said Earl did presume frequently Parliament, for or towards Payment of such Debts and to meet, confer, and negotiate the most important Affairs Arrears, as were therein mentioned; and another War- of the Nation, with the said Liltfh, alias in the

rant to the said Auditor, to make and pals Debentures Quality aforesaid; and, the better to conceal his said ille-for paying to the said Queen, or to her Treasurer or Re- gal and dangerous Measures from her said Majesty, be tire ceiver, the Sum of 2,500l. for One Quarter incurred on said Robert Earl of and Earl Mortimer was privy,

the said Pension of 10,000l. per Annum, from Lady-day contenting, and advising, that the said Lilejh, alias Latolefk,

1713, to Midsummer then last palt; and appointed the should be introduced to her said Majesty, and should be same to be satisfied out of the Sum of 500,000 /. appro- received and treated by her Ministers, under the false and priated, by an Act passed the then last Session of Parlia- ditguised name of Don Carlo Moro; and the House of ment, for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears Lords, feme time in the Month of April 1714, having as were therein mentioned: Notice of the said dangerous Attempt of the said

And the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Morti- alias Lawless, on or about the 9th of the said Month, made mer, on or about the 20th of July 1714, being then Lord an humble Addrefe to her Majesty, That fire would be High Treasurer o i Great Britain, and of her Majesty’s graciously pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation, 00m-Privy Council, having, corruptly and deceitfully, in far- manding all proper Officers, and Magistrates, to make ther Violation of his Oath, and his high Trust, advised diligent Search for, and to apprehend, all Popish Prkftt, her late Majesty to sign a WarraDt, directing the Payment and to put the Laws in Execution against them; and of One thousand Pounds Sterling to Daniel Arthur likewise to enquire after, and apprehend, all such Per- Esquire, for Monies expended by him for her Majesty’s fons as had served in Arms against her Majesty, or their special Service; and the same being accordingly issued, late Majesties King William and Queen , and who and received by him the said Arthur, out of her Majesty’s were then within this Kingdom, contrary to Law; to the Treasure; be the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl end that they might be brought to Justice: To which her Mortimer, being then also Lord High Treasurer of Great Majesty was graciously pleased to return an Answer, to Britain, did give private Direction to the said Arthur to the effect following; viz. That Ihe would give Ordere pay the said Sum of i ,000 /. to the said Abbot Gaultier, pursuant thereto: And a Proclamation did accordingly or to hisUfe; pursuant to which Direction, the said issue: And, on the said gth Day of April, the House of Arthur did pay, or cause to be paid, the said Sum of Lords having under their Consideration what further So*

1,000l. to the said Abbot Gaultier, or to his Use: curity could be provided for strengthening the Protestant

Whereby the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Succession in the House of Hanover, Tame to the ftfloW-Mortimerdid most wickedly betray the Honour of her ing Resolution; viz. That no Person, being a natural-late Majesty, and the Imperial Crown of these Realms, in born Subject of Great Britain, or within any of the Do-advising her, under Colour of the said Letters Patents, and minions thereunto belonging, and who having traiteroofly without the Advice of her Council, or her Parliament, to served against her Majesty, ought to be received as a pub-direct the issuing of the Revenue, provided by Parliament lick Minister, or with any Character, within this King-for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of the dom; notwithstanding which, he the said Robert Earl of Crown, to the Use and Benefit of the open ana avowed Oxford and Earl Mortimer, having no regard to the Adherent of the Pretender; and did not only defraud her Safety of her Majesty’s Person, or to the Security of the Majesty of the said Sum of 1,000l. but did, most arbi- Protestant Succession, and setting himself in utter De* trarily, illegally, and corruptly, advise the Embezzle- fiance not only of the Advice and Refohftion of the House ment and Mila implication of so much of the said Sum of of Lords, but of her Majesty’s Assurances to that House 500,000l. in Contempt and Defiance of the exprefe of Parliament, and of her Royal Authority and Corn-Appropriation of an Act of Parliament mand, by her Proclamation under the Great Seal, instead

Article Vth. of doing what in him lay to have apprehended and brought.

That whereas, by the ancient and undoubted Laws of or causing the said Lilejh, alias Lauiefa, to be brought to this Kingdom, no Person, being a natural-born Subjefit of Justice, did afterwards, on or about the 15th Day of this Realm, or within any of the Dominions thereunto March 1714, most wickedly and treacherously advise belonging, and having committed, and being under the her Majesty to sign a Warrant directing the Payment cf Guilt of High Treason, ought to be received within this One thousand Pounds Sterling to Daniel Artkur Esquire,

Kingdom as a publick Minister, or with any Character for special Services; which being accordingly issued, from any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate: And where- and received, by the said Arthur, he the said Earl did as, some time in the Year 1713, one Patrick Lilejh, stil- privately and corruptly direfit the said Arl/atr to pay ing himself, and commonly known by the Name of, Sir the lame; and accordingly the said 1,000l. was paid to Patrick Lawless, an Irish Papist, w ho bad served with the Use of the said Lilejh, alias And the said

the late King James the Second, in the War in Ireland, Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did, at other against his late Majesty King William the Third, of ever- times, in a fictitious and scandafous Manner direct the

?ioriou8 Memory; had followed the Lid King James into Payment of other considerable Sums of Money, otit of 7rance, and continued, in the most open and avowed her Majesty’s Treafore, to the said Lilejh, aiias Low-Manner, in his Interest and Service, and m Rebellion less; which were accordingly paid to him; although il against his said Majesty King William, and bad bore high was notorious, that the said Lilejh, alias bad

Commissions, and been in open Arms against her late Ma- not only traiterously served in Arms against her Majesty Queen Anne, in the late War in Spain, did come into jesty, but had been the Minister or Agent of the Pre-this Kingdom, and pretended to have, and did take on tender at the Court of Madrid, and was under llrong himself, the Character of a Minister sent from Philip King Suspicions of being sent into England, though under Vox.. 18. tha

248

5o° J

A. 1715,

of the Pretences aforesaid, secretly to promote the Interdft Im- of the Pretender in these Kingdoms: peachmeQt. By all which corrupt and evil Counsels, he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer did, most basely and ungratefully, expose the Person of her Sacred Majesty; did what in him lay to enervate, and render ineffcctual, Hie Advice of Parliament, and her Majesty’s moll solemn Declarations, in a Matter of the nearest Concern to her Majesty and her Kingdoms; and by countenancing, in the most corrupt and scandalous Manner, the secret Emissaries of the Pretender, did greatly encourage his open Adherents; to the apparent Danger of the Protestant Succession to the Imperial Crown of these Realms.

Article Vlth.

That whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne, after several unfuccefsfu| Attempts, in conjunction with her Allies, to establish his present Imperial Majesty on the Throne of Spain, being informed, That the People of Catalonia were inclined to cast off the Yoke imposed upon them by the French, and to return to the Obedience of the House of Austria; and her Majesty, being desirous to maintain and improve that good Disposition in them, and to induce them to put the same speedily in Execution, did lend Milford Crow Esquire to them, with necessary Powers and Instructions to carry on lb great a Work, for the Advantage of her Service, and the Good of the common Cause; and, to that End, to treat with the Catalans, or any other People of Spain, about their coming into the Interest of King Charles the 3d, his present Imperial Majesty, and joining with her Majesty, and her Allies, against the common Enemy: And her Majesty, after her gracious Affurai ces to assist them with Men and Money, was pleased to authorize her. said Minister to give them her utmost Assurances, to procure the Establishment of all such Rights and Immunities as they had formerly enjoyed under the House of Austria; and that, for their further Satisfaction, Ihe had sent for Pow ers from King Charles the Third, for confirming the fame; and was willing to become Guarantee that it should be done; nevertheless, oh this express Condition, That the}'’ should receive the said KingChar/es as lawful King of Spain, and utterly renounce the House of Bourbon: And, together with the said Im structions, her Majesty was pleased to sign, and cause to be delivered to her laid Minister, credential Letters to the Nobility, Magistrates, and all other Officers, Civil and Military, of Catalonia, desiring them to depend on the Promises he should make them in her Name: And, in her Majesty’s Instructions to the Earl of Peterborow and Sir Cloudejly Shovel, in or about the Month of .1/^1705, they are ordered to use their utmost Endeavours to induce the Catalans to join with thetn in their Undertaking; and to allure them of her Majesty’s Support; and to promise them in the Queen’s Name, That she would fc* cure them a Confirmation of their Rights and Privileges from the King of Spain, that they might be settled on a tailing Foundation to them, and their Posterity; and, in case Persuasion should not prevail, and the Catalans should not make a suitable Return to those kind Ofieis, they were ordered to annoy their Towns on the Coast of and to reduce them by Force: And, in conformity to these Instructions, a Manifesto, or Declaration, was prepared, by the Privity and Advice of Earl of Oxford

and Earl Moi'timer, then One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State,-and delivered to the said Earl of Peterborow, full, on the one hand, of the Assurances afore-mentioned, and, on the other hand, of Menaces to them,. in case they declined her Majesty’s Overtures; which Manifesto was afterwards published by him the said Earl of Peterbormv, in Catalonia: And whereas the Nobility, Clergy, and the whole Principality of Catalonia, and the Inhabitants of the Isle of Majorca, relying on the Faith of those Royal Alfuranees, did utterly abandon the House of Botirbon, and acknowledged King Charles the Third, his present Imperial Majesty for their lawful Sovereign; and did join their Arms with those of her Majesty, and her Allies, against the Duke of Aud it having pleased Almighty God so far to blels her 20

Majesty’s pious and generous Undertaking, 'as by most signal Successes, in a thort time, to deliver the Principality of Catalonia from the heavy Yoke of French Bondage; and, great Supplies having been granted by-Parliament, for the reducing the whole Kingdom of to the Obedience of the House of Austria, the Arms of her Majesty and her Allies were attended with vast Successes; having twice entered the capital City of that Kingdom, and obtained many other signal Conquests, to the great Advantage of the common Cause; and, through the whole Progress thereof, the Bravery and Fimmels of the Catalans being always remarkable; thereby, as well as from the repeated Alfuranees given to them, from time to time, in her Majesty’s Name, by every General and Minister sent from Great Britain to , the Hearts of that brave People were united, under theftrongeft Ties of Affection and Gratitude, to her Majesty; and they were justly held in the strictest Dependance on the Continuance of her Royal Protection: He the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, being an Enemy to the common Liberty of Europe; and having traitcrously entered into Conspiracies for subjecting the wholeMonarchy to the House of Bourbon; and designing, melt maliciously, the utter Ruin and Destruction of the ancient Rights, Liberties and Privileges, of the Catalans, who had made lb glorious a Stand for the Preservation of them; did, together with other false and evil Counsellors, form a most dishonourable, wicked, and cruel Contrivance, not only for abandoning the Catalans to the Fury and Revenge Of the Duke of Anjou, and his Adherents; but for the final Extirpation of all their Rights, Liberties, and Privileges j and, in Execution of that his Intention, during the private, separate, and pernicious Negotiation of Peace, which w as carried on between him and the Ministers of France, and before any Negotiation of Peace was set on foot, in duC Form of Law, betw een the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, did advile her Majesty to give Directions to the Lord Lexington, her Ambassador to the Court of , to acknowledge the Duke of Anjou King of; but was greatly "wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, in not advising her to give Instructions to her said Minister, at the same time, peremptorily and absolutely to insist on securing the Catalans Liberties at the Conclusion of the Peace: And although the private, separate, and treacherous Practices of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and others, in Combination with the Ministers of France, did afterwards, on or about the 14th of March 1713, necessitate his present Imperial Majesty to conclude a Treaty for the evacuating Catalonia, whereof her Majesty was Guarantee, without any express and pofi-tive Stipulations for the Catalans Liberties; his Imperial Majesty relying, in that Respect, on her Majesty’s Declaration, to interpose for them in the most effectual Manner; and on the Promises of the French King, to join his Endeavours for the same Purpose; and although her Sacred Majesty did, both before and after, frequently declare, by her Ministers in Spain, That Ihe thought herself under the strongest Ties of Honour and Confidence not to abandon a People, whom the Necessities of the War had obliged her to draw into her Interest; and though the French King did not join his Endeavours for the Purposes aforesaid; he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, together with other false and wicked Counsellors, having, from time to time, amused and deceived the distressed Catalans; with groundless Hopes of her Majesty’s effectual Interpositions in their favour; thereby engaging them in a more obstinate Defence of their Territories against the Duke of Anjou; was not only highly wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, by not doing what in him lay, as a faithful Minister, to have prevented the Conclusion of the Treaty of Peace with Spain, till just and honourable Conditions were secured for the Catalans; but did fallely, maliciously, and treacherously, advise her Majesty to conclude a Peace with the King of Spain, without any Security for the ancient

and just Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of that brave, but unhappy Notion; and did, further, advise her Majesty to fend Sir James IViJhart, her Admiral, -with a large

Squadron

-2 OeD. I.

30° Julii. — 2® Augutsi.

249

Squadron of Men of War, at a great E*pence, to favour the said King of Spain in the Siege of Barcelona, the capital City of Catalonia; and with exprpfs Instructions, That in case the Inhabitants of M'qjofhould refuse the Terms that should be offered them by the Duke of Anjou, to employ his Squadron in countenancing and assisting all Attempts that should be made for reducing them to a due Obedience: By which most vile and deteliable Counsels, her Sacred Majesty, contrary to her most pious Intentions, the Faith of Nations, and the Duties of Religion, and Humanity itself, and contrary to her l'olemn and repeated Affuranpes, was prevailed on to abandon a distressed People, drawn in, and engaged, by her own Invitation, into an open War with the Duke of for the Preserva-

tion of the Liberties of Europe, and the Commerce of Great Britain-, and the Persons.Estates, Dignities, Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the Catalans were given up as a Sacrifice to the implacable Resentment of their enraged and powerful Enemy; and the Honour of the British Nation, always reuowned for the Love of Liberty, and for giving Protection to the Assertors of it, was most basely prostituted, and a frde and generous People, the faithful and useful Allies of this Kingdom, were betrayed, in the most unparalleled manner, into irrecoverable Slavery; and, in consequence of which most dishonourable and perfidious Councils, the most execrable Hostilities, Burnings, and Plunderings, were committed upon them throughout their whole Province, without Iparing the Effusion of innocent Blood, apd without the Distinction of Age or Sex; and that unfortunate People were afterwards forced to pndergo the utmost Miseries of a Siege, in their capital City of Barcelona; during which great Multitudes of them perished by Famine, and the Sword; many of them have fiuce been executed; and great Numbers of the Nobility of Catalonia, who, for their Constancy and Bravery, in Defence of their Liberties, and for their Services in Conjunction with her Majesty and her Allies, had, in all Honour, Justice, and Conscience, the highest Claim to her Majesty’s Protection, are now dispersed in Dungeons throughout the Spanish Dominions; and not only the Catalan. Liberties extirpated, but, by those wicked Counsels of him the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, Catalonia itself is almost become desolate.

All which Crimes and Mifdetneanors were committed and done by him the said Earl, against our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the several Trusts reposed in him the said Earl; and he the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Eari Mortimer was either Commissioner of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, during the time that all and every the Crimes before set forth were done and committed;

For which Matters and Things the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, m Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, further impeach the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer of other high Crimes and Mifdetneanors in the said Articles contained: And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusations or Impeachments against the said Earl; and also of replying to the Answers which the said Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any Impeachment or Ac-cufafion that shall be by them exhibited, acoorcKng to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament; do pray, That the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer be

Sut to answer all and every the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon them, and every of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Copsideration of the said Articles be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Artides be read, Article by Article. Vox. 18.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Articles, being Earl of severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Oxford’s Im-severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Peachinent* Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

The Fifth of the said Articles being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting after " 1713,"these Words, " one " Patrick Lilejh, filling hiraself, and commonly known " by the Name, Sir Patrick Lawland, in other Places of the said Article, by inferring, " Lilejh, alias" before " Lazelcfs

And the same were, upon the Question severally pilj; thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And the said Article, lo amended, was, upon tile Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be One of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Eari Mortimer.

The Sixth Article being read a Second time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be one of the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Eari Mortimer.

The Conolufion to the said Articles, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to he the Conclusion to the said Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

Ordered, That the said Articles he ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared for saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lovebond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act to Lee’s EfUts, enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Consent of Trustees, to grant Leases of some Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Number of Act to reftraki all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from Horses used drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in ^aggon-Length, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the Eieftion for the Borough of Taunton, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Taunton

£le&oh.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Jejfop, Lord Finch, Weaver honourable James Stanhope, Sir Robert Corbet, Right Navigation, honourable Robert Walpole, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. John Ward, Sir John Cope, Mr. North, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Northwych, in the County of Chester, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Augujli;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

R. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Augmenting the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Poor Clergy's

M

Act for making more effectual her late Majesty’s gracious Intentions for augmenting the - Maintenance of foe Poor Clergy, That they had made an Amendment to foe Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where ft was read; and is as follows; viz.

3 S Pr.

Mainte-

nance.

2^0 2*Aug A. 1715.

Pr. 0. L. 38. After the Word u Patrons," to insert in Writing first had and obtained."

The laid Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inferring, after the Word, " Writing," these Words, " under his or their Hands and Seals:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Then the said Amendment, lb amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to apply to any Church or Chapel any Lands, Tythes, or Hereditaments, arising from the said Bounty, or from private Benefa6tion:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

UeV ElUte An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Consent of Trustees, to grant Leases of lbme Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the First time. Refoboed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Tuesday Laws. last, upon an Amendment to Clause A, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was committed:

And the said Clause was amended by the House:

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended; It passed in the Negative.

The other Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, as far as Clause D} and the same were, upon the Question ieve-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment, being Clause D, being read a Second rime, for repealing an Act, of the Second Year of the Heign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An A Gtfor the Keeping of the Great Sessions, Quarter Sel-fioos, and County Courts, at the Town of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesea:

Ordered, That the for ther Confederation of the said Report be adjourned until Morning next.

(oTolveniPer- The Lord Coning shy presented to the House, a Bill for

ions in Army the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen: ud Navy. And the same was received.

American A Petition of the Agent of Carolina in America, and Colonies, several Merchants trading thither, for and on behalf of themselves, and the miserable Inhabitants of that distressed Province, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That several Indian Nations, who, for many Years, had lived in Subjection to the Crown of England, and perfect Amity with the People of that Province, without any Provocation, in a barbarous manner, fell upon the English, and destroyed several Hundred Settlements; burnt their Houses, and seized their Cattle and Effects: The Governor immediately drew out his Forces, and beat them in several Engagements; and the English not being above Two thousand able Men, and in great Want of Arms, Ammunition, and other warlike Necessaries for their Defence, and the Enemy wiove Twelve thousand strong, and plentifully fumished with all warlike Stores, and encouraged by the Spaniard and French in neighbour* ing Settlements, which the have lately made, even

within the Boundaries of and the English Do*

minions in America, for many Years; has taken off great Quantities of our Woollen, Iron, and other Manufefitures; which has brought a great Revenue to the Crown, and Advantage to the Nation: And praying to have immediate Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*

ftderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Liddell, Sir Robert Sir John Ward, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Herne, Sir Richard S, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mason, Mr. Treby, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Meyrick, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Aijlahie, Mr. Gould, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Ward,

General Lumley, Sir Thomas Scarcen, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Johnson, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Tho. Hammer, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Diston, Mr. TuckJeild, Mr and

all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for the Sea-ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause was offered to the House, pursuant to the Or- ®arJ °* der of Yesterday, for saving Liberty to the Commons to ^aduneBU exhibit any further Articles against the Earl of and Earl Mortimer;

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto, by the House; and is as follows; vix.

For which Matters and Things, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, further impeach the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer of other High Crimes and Misdemeanors in the said Articles contained And the said Commons, by Protestation, laving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusetions or Impeachments against the said Earl; and also of replying to the Answers which the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any Impeachment or Accusetion that shall be by them exhibited, according to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament; do pray, That the said Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer be put to answer all and every the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be upon them, and every of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrafted, with the further Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer for high Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

The said ingrafted further Articles were read.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the said Articles to the Lords; and, before he delivers the said Articles to the Lords, he do acquaint their Lordships thus;

My Lords,

The Commons, assembled in Parliament, having received further Information of divers other High Crimes and Miftiemeanors committed by Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, have commanded me to exhibit further Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Linford' Doctor Lirford, for the Sermon by him preached before thanked, this House Yesterday, at St. Margarets,;

And that he be deftred to print the fame: And that Mr Gybbon, Mr. Wortley, and Mr. Plumptre, do acquain him therewith.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Tobacco, foe. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned *' in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ward reported from the Committee, That

they

Augmenting Poor Clergy's Maintenance.

Earl of

Oxford's Impeachment.

Making Militia mote vfefhl.

Regulating the Land Forces.

St Alban’s, Ac. Road.

Regelating the Land Forces.

-a Geo. I.

they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the lieport be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual her late Majesty’s gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, was read the Third time.

ResolvedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The Lord Coningsby reported, That he had carried the

further Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, for High Crimes and Mifde-

meanora, to the Lords, and left them with their Lordships.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful;

The A ft, of the 13 th and 14th of King Charles the Second, as to the Arms to be provided, was read:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for altering and amending so much of the Act, of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to what Anns and Provisions every Soldier shall bring along with him.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for saving the Exemptions of the College of Physicians.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive Clause for saving to the Lieutenancy of the City of London the making their Rates and Assessments in the same Manner, as by former Acts of Parliament they are impowered to do.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progrds in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing, and making more effectual, An Act of this pre-font Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majestys Service; and for the Payment of, the said Forces, and their Quarters; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban's, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing, and making more effectual, An Act, of this

251

present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulat- Regulating ing the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and the Land for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters: Forces*

And the same were read; and are as follow;

A: " And whereas, by an Act, of this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service j and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of " their Quarters; it is provided, Thateveiy Person, being " in his Majesty’s Service, who had been so for the " Space of Three Years past, should be at liberty, if " he thought fit, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel of the Regiment to which he should belong; and " that such Colonel shall give such Discharge; Be it " Declared and Enacted, That no such Soldier hath, or " shall have, Right to demand such Discharge by virtue " of the said Act, unless the said Soldier shall give his " Colonel Three Months Notice, at the least, of his desiring such Discharge

B: " And whereas, by the said recited Act, it is further Provided and Enacted, That nothing therein contained should extend to compel the Quartering of any " Officer, or Soldier, of the Regiments of Foot within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Doroinion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

" unless it be within Ten Miles of the Palace, or Place " of his Majesty’s usual Residence, or within Ten Miles " of the Place where his Majesty shall be present, or in " some Garison or Garisons where sufficient Barracks are " not provided for them, or unless it be in the Marches of such Officers or Soldiers; and that, in such Marches,

" no Person shall be obliged to quarter them more than " Six Days at 9. time; Be it Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, in Consideration of the present Danger, which " required the Railing of additional Forces, to quarter " any of his Forces in such Parts of this Kingdom, and " for such Time, as his Majesty shall think fit, during " the present Exigency of Affairs, and not exceeding the " Term of the Continuation of this Act."

Clause A, being thrice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being twice read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto; viz. Line 20th, After " Kingdom," to insert " in such " Houses only as are subject to the Quartering of Soldiers by virtue of the afore-recited Act: " m

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agrteed unto by the House.

Then the Clause was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to their Lordships Amendments, with an Amendment:

To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Augmenting this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Poor Clergy’* more effectual her late Majesty’s gracious Intentions for Ma,nU* augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy. nance.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Cope'* enable Robert Cope Esquire, to settle an additional Jointure, out of his Estate, on Elizabeth his now Wife; and also. to raise Portions and Maintenances for his Daughters and younger Children by her; and to enable those in Remainder to do the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And their the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Browning 1 Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by the

20 Augusti.

253 2* — 3° 4vgusti. ^.*715.

Regulating this House, to the Amendments, made by their Lqrdships, tie Land to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing

Force*. Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing, and making more

effectual, an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be conti-. nued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes,

to Bill*. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went np to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Four publick, and Two private, Bills, following}

An Act for the better preventing Mutiny and Desertion, by enforcing, and making more effectual, an Act, of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters:

An Act for making more effectual her late Majesty’s gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy:

An Act to restrain all Waggoners, Carriers, and other?, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length:

An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban's, St. Peter, Shenly, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex:

An Act for confirming the Sale of the Reversion of the Manor of Darrington, by George Earl of Cardigan, to Theophilus Shelton Esquire, and his Heirs:

An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Nicholas Fry Esquire, deceased for Payment of his Debts,

Clanricard and Lord Bobbin; and for Safe of further Part of the said Earl’s Estate, for Payment of the Debts and Portions remaining chargeable upon foe feme; he read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the County of Fffex, which was ppppiptgd to be heard before foe Committee of Privileges ana JSfeftfons this Afterqpan, be heard before the ,feid Committee ypon this Day Fortnight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Gentleman, of feme Part, and for vesting other Part, of the Estate of John Bromjteld Esquire, in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Ann his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and for settling foe remaining Part thereof as near as may be to foe Intent of the said Articles; and for making the reby, and by pfoer Means in the Act mentioned, feme Provision for the said John Bromfield, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cope, Mr. A levill, Lord Wm. Powleti, Mr. Lyddall, Mr.

port, Mr. Treby, Mr. Boteler, Mr. , Mr. Smith,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Haldan, Mr. Gybbon, Sir rington, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Grantham, Mr. London, Mr. Heysham, Mr Mr.

Yonge, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Ward, Colonel BMr. Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Colonel Stephens, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cook, Sr Richard Gough, Sir John Brownloto; and all that serve for the Counties of -ampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1715, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Essex

Dummer'i

Estate.

Railing tht Militia*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clopk.

Mercuriiy 30 die Augusti;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Courteney'* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. iA for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties "of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courteney Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Herne, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Newport, Mr. Onslow, Mr. London, Lord ism. Powlett, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Stephens, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir John Trevylyan, Mr. Calmady, Sir Tho. Crojfe Sir Robert Dovers, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Addi/on, Mr. Yonge, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Palmer, Sir Colonel Stephens, Mr. Portman, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pringle, Sir Richard, Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Lewis, Sir Tho. Morgan, Mr. Anstis; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at live a CHock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill firpip foe Lords, in-

Cianricard’s tituled, An Act for explaining, and better executing, foe Eftat«. Intentions of a former Act, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of foe Earl of 22

The Order of foe Day being read, for the House to Enlarging resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bank, the Bill for enlarging the Fund for foe Governor and Com- Fund* pany of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of 120,000l. per Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of 54,600l. per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding 910,000l. for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for explaining the Act, which passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, for Payment of Debts and Arrears to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, so far as the said Act did relate, or was intended to relate, to the Debt which was owing by her Majesty for Works performed, and Materials delivered, for the Building at Blenheim, and was incurred within the Time daring which the said Building was carried on at her Majesty’s Expence.

Then fop House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That -the Report be received To-iporrow Morning.

The other Orders of foe Day being read;

Resolved,

2 Geo. I.

3® — 4° August!.

*53

Tobacco* &e.

bonded

Duties.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir John JViird reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Amendments were severally read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to foine of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Waking Resolved, That this House, w ill, upon Friday Morning

Militia more next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, wTcfuL to consider further of the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 August i;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Cope’s A N ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A fit to EAaie. . JrV enable Robert Cope Esquire, to settle an additional Jointure, out of his Estate, on Elizabeth his now Wife; and also to raise Poitions and Maintenances for his Daughters, and younger Children, by her; and to enable those in Remainder to do the same; was read the Eirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Renmt

Navigation.

UliegePs, &c. Mat.

Insolvent F*e rions in Army and Navy.

Expiring

.Laws.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, be read the Third time on Monday Morning next.

A Bill to naturalize Robert de Ulieger, George Christian Luders, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Mr. London, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Mr. Owen, Mr. Strickland, Colonel Grahnte, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Lenin, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Barrington, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Mr.

Shepheard, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Monro, Mr. Boteler, Sir Nicholas Carexo, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Plumptree, Mr. Newland, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Papillon, Mr. JDucatie, Mr. Wild, Mr. Hist onMr. Pelham, Mr.

Western, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Lyddall. Lord Harvey, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Inge, Mr. Homage, Mr. Colmore, Mr. Desbovery: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, was read the First time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the last Amendment, Clause D, to the Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned:

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if Vol. IS.

any Bl'ead, exposed to Sale, shall want in its height Ounce or more, the Person exposing the same to Sale shall forfeit the Sum of for every

Ounce so wanting; and, for any Bread wanting any Weight less than an Ounce, the Sum of such Bread being

weighed within Hours after exposed to Sale,

within London and Westminster; and within Days, in other Parts of Great Britain:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to the Justices of the Peace of the County o f Anglefeato adjourn the Quarter Sessions for that County to any other Part of the same County, for the Eale of such as shall be obliged to take the Oaths, appointed by Law to be taken, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succel-furs; and for no other Purpose whatsoever;

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Farrer, according tor Order, repotted, from the Enlarging Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en- ‘he Bank larging the Fund for the Governor and Company of the Fun<1* Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of 120,000 /. per Annum, upon His Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of 54,6001, per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding 010,000l. for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum 'per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Oidcred, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Taunton Eh fition for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Elect>on. Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Walpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, ac- Lord Boling* quainted the House, That the Committee had, in Obe- broke’s Im-dieuce to the Commands of the House, prepared Articles Peac^men'* of Impeachment of High Treafbn, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Henry Viscount Bo/ingbroke:

And that the Committee had commanded him, at the same time, to acquaint the House, That they shall, in a short time, have further Articles to lay before the House against the said Viscount: And that the Committee had dirt filed him to report the Articles, already prepared, to the House; and he read them in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Henry Viscount Bolingbrvke.

WHEREAS a Treaty of Alliance was made and concluded, on or about the Seventh Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and One, between Leopold then Emperor of Germany, his late Majesty King William the Third, of ever-glorious Memory, and their High Mighti-tiueffes the States General of the United Provinces, for repelling the Greatness of the common Danger, which threatened all Europe, from the Duke of Anjou's having taken Possession of the Monarchy of Spain; wherein it was, among other things, agreed, That, in case the said Confederates shall be forced to enter into a War, they

3 T "shall

»54

4° Augusti.

A. 1715.

Lord Boling- shall communicate their Designs to one another, as well in relation to the Actions of the War, as all other things 60 wherein the common Cause is concerned; and that it shall not be permitted to either Party, when the War is once begun, to treat of Peace with the Enemy, unlefe jointly, ana by a Communication of Councils: And in and by a defensive Treaty and Alliance, made and concluded in or dbout the Month of November One thousand Seven hundred and One, between his said late Majesty King William the Third and the States General, it was, among other things, expressly agreed, That, when the War is begun, the said Confederates shall act in Concert, according to the Seventh and Eighth Articles of the Treaty, of the Third of March 167^-, between England and;

and that no Peace, nor Truce or Suspension of Arms, shall be negotiated or made, but according to the Ninth and Tenth Articles of that Treaty; by which it was agreed, That when the Allies came once to open War, it shall be lawful for neither of them afterwards to come to any Cessation of Arms with him who shall be declared and proclaimed an Enemy, without it be done conjointly and with common Consent; and that no Negotiation of Peace shall be set on foot by one of the Allies, without the Concurrence of the other; and that each Ally shall continually, and from time to time, impart to the other every thing that passes in the said Negotiation: And in and by a Treaty, entered into and concluded on or about the Month of June 1703, between her late Majesty Queen Anne, of ever-blessed Memory, and the States General, it was, among other things, agreed, That all Treaties and Alliances, then subsisting between them, should be Renewed and confirmed: And whereas a long, bloody, and expensive, War had been carried on by her late Majesty, in ConjunQion with her said Allies, and other confederate Princes, against France and Spain, as well inRefentment of the Indignity offered to these Kingdoms, by their having acknowledged the Pretender King of these Realms, as for obtaining a just Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty, and for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Balance and Liberties of Europe; and, from the great Sue-cedes with which it had pleased Almighty God to bless the Confederate Arms, they had just Reason to hope for an honourable, good, safe, and lasting Peace; and although the French King was encouraged, in or about the Month of April 1711, to make Proportions of Peace to her late Majesty, signed by Monsieur de , his Secretary of State; which her said Majesty having pleased to communicate to the Ministers of the States General, she did, however, graciously, declare, by Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, then Henry St. John Esquire, and One of her principal Secretaries of State, her Sentiments to them, That the said Propositions were too general; and, at the same time, the said Viscount did, in her Majesty’s Name, and by her special Command, give them her utmost and most solemn Assurances, That, m making Peace, as in making War, (he would act in perfect Concert with them; in which Sentiments the States concurring with her Majesty, reciprocal Assurances of mutual Confidence, lb necessary to prevent the Designs of the Enemy, were returned by them to her Majesty: notwithstanding which.

Article ill.

He the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, then being One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, ana of her most honourable Privy Council; but, having entered into a most treacherous Confederacy with the Ministers and Emissaries of France, to frustrate the just Hopes and Expectations of her Majesty and her People, by dif-uniting the Confederacy at the most critical Juncture,-when they were ready to reap the Fruits of so many Triumphs over the common Enemy ? and most wickedly intending, as far as in him lay, to enable the French King, (o exhausted and vanquished as he had been on all Occasions, to carry his Designs, by a Peace glorious to him, and to the Ruin of the victorious Allies, and the Destruction of the Liberties of all Europe 1 and, having no Regard to the solemn Treaties her Majesty then flood engaged in, aor to the Honour or Safety of these Kingdoms, did, in 10

or about the Months of July or August in the Year of our Lord 1711, maliciously and wickedly from a most treacherous and pernicious Contrivance and Confederacy, with other evil-disposed Persons, then also of her Majesty’s Privy Council, to set on foot a private, separate, distio-nourable, and destructive, Negotiation of Peace between Great Britain and France, without any Communication thereof to her Majesty’s Allies, according to their said fe-verai Treaties; and was not only wanting in his Duty and Trust to her Majesty, by not opposing, and as far as was in his Power, by not advising her Majesty against going into any private, separate. Negotiation with Francebut, in Execution of his Purposes aforesaid, he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke did advise her late Majesty to fend Mathew Prior Esquire directly to the Court of to make Propositions of Peace, without communicating the same to her Majesty’s Allies; and, accordingly, the said Mathew Prior, by the Advice and with the Privity of him the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, and other false and evil Counsellors, in or about the Months of July or August in the Year of our Lord 1711, was sent, in a clandestine manner, from England to France, and did communicate the said Propositions of Peace to the Ministers of France', in which the particular Interests of Great,

as well as the common Interests of Europe, were fhume-fully betrayed; and, in Manifestation of his Design to exclude her Majesty’s Allies from their just Share in the said Negotiation, an express Article was inserted in the said Propositions, by the Privity and Advice of him the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, That the Secret should be inviolably kept, till allowed to be divulged by the mutual Consent of both Parties; although the French King had, in the Propositions signed by Monsieur de , and transmitted in the Month of April preceding, offered to treat with the Plenipotentiaries of England and Holland alone,' or jointly with those of the Allies, at the Choice of England; By which treacherous and dangerous Advice, he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke did not only contrive and set on foot a Negotiation of Peace, more advantageous to France than ever France itself had aiked; but thereby did put it into the Power of the common Enemy to create incurable Jealousies and Discords between her Majesty and her faithful Allies, and to destroy that Confidence which had so long, and so fuccelsfully, been cultivated between them, and which was so necessary for their common Safety.

Article 2d.

That the French King having, in or about the Months of August or September 1711, with the Privity and by the Contrivance of the said Viscount Bolingbroke, and others, lent over Monsieur Mefnager into England, to carry on a separate and clandestine Negotiation of Peace, he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke did afterwards, in the said Month of September 1711, or thereabouts, secretly and unlawfully, and without any Colour of Authority, meet, confer, and treat, with the said Sieur Mefnager, on the Negotiations of Peace between Great Britain and;

and therein did advise and promote the making a private and separate Treaty, or Convention, on the said Subject of Peace between the said Crowns, without any Communication thereof to her Majesty’s Allies: And the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke did afterwards, in Violation of his Oath, and high Trust, falsly and treacherously advise her late Majesty to sign Powers to several Persons for concluding, on her behalfj a pernicious and destructive Treaty, or Convention, on the said Subject of Peace, with France; and, on or about the said 27th of September 1711, a dif-honourable, destructive, and fatal, Treaty, or Convention, was concluded and signed by the said Sieur Mefnager, on the Part of France, and by the Earl of Dartmouth and the said Viscount, being then Two of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and of her Privy Council, on the Part of her Majesty, by virtue only of a Warrant under her Majesty’s Sign Manual, under the Signet, directed to themselveSj but not countersigned, and without the lead Knowlege or Participation of the Allies; in which Treaty, the immediate Interests of Great Britain are given up

to

2 Geo. I.

4" Jgusti.

*55

to France; and the Duke of Anjou being therein admitted

to remain King of Spain, the Balance of Power, and the Liberties of Europe, were thrown into the Hands of the

House of Bourbon.

Article 3d.

That whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne did, ih or about the First of October 1711, O. S. give Instructions to Thomas Earl of Strafford, her Ambassador to the States General of the United Provinces, to communicate to them certain Propositions of Peace, which had been contrived and concerted between the said Sieur Mefnager and the said Viscount, and others, intituled, Preliminary Articles on the Part of France to come to a General Peace, together with her Majesty s Sentiments and Resolutions thereupon; and also her Majesty’s further and particular Resolutions concerning the Prosecution and carrying on the War egainst France and Spain, in case the S tates were desirous to carry on the said War; and whereas, for several Years before, and till the said Month of October 1711, there was open War between her late Majesty and the French King; and the said War continuing for all the said time: and afterwards the French King and his Subjects w ere Enemies to her late Majesty; he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, being then One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not ponfidering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having altogether withdrawn the cordial Love, and true and due Obedience, which every true and faithful Subject owed to her said Majesty, and designing to give Aid and Succour, and to adhere to the said French King against her said Majesty, did, on or about the Second of October 1711, during the said War, fa! fly, wickedly, maliciously, and traiterously, aid, help, assist, and adhere to, the said French King, and his Subjects, Enemies to her said late Majesty, against her said late Majesty; and, in Execution and Performance of his said Aiding and Assisting, and Adhering, he did, on or about the 2d of October \ 711, falsly, maliciously, and traiterously, disclose and communicate her Majesty’s said Instructions to her laid Ambassador, or was privy to, and did advise, consent, or approve, that the same should be, and accordingly the same were, communicated and disclosed to the said Sieur Mefnager, a Subject of the said French King, and an Enemy to her late Majesty; and, in further Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Assisting, and Adhering, he the said L/ewry Viscount Bolingbroke did, in and by a Letter or Writing, by him wrote to Monsieur de Torcy, on or about the said 2d Day of October 1711, disclose, communicate, and notify, or did intend to notify, to Monsieur de Torcy, a Subject, Minister, and Secretary, to the French King, and an Enemy to her late Majesty, That the said Sieur Mefnager was fully informed of her Majesty’s said Instructions to the Earl of thereby falsly, maliciously, and traiterously, informing and advising the said Monsieur de Torcy from what Person, and by what Means, he might come to the Knowledge of her Majesty’s said Instructions, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Article 4th.

That whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne did, in or about the Month of December 1711, in due Form of Law, under the Great Seal, constitute the Right Reverent} John Lord Bishop of Bristol, and Thomas Earl of Strafford, her Plenipotentiaries, with full Powers and Instructions to meet, treat, and conclude, with the Plenipotentiaries of her Allies, and those whom the French King should, on his Part, depute for that Purpose, the Conditions of a good and general Peace: And whereas his Imperial Majesty, their High Mightenefi'es the States General of the United Provinces, and other her Majesty’s Allies, and the French King, having duly constituted and appointed their several and respective Plenipotentaries for the Purposes aforesaid, the Negotiations and Conferences for a General Peace were opened between them, at Utrecht, about the Months of January or February 1711; and the same continued till the 4th of March 1711, and afterwards: And whereas, on the said 4th Day of March 171J, there was open War Vol. 18.

between her late Majesty and the French. King; and the Lot4 Boling-fame having continued for several Years before, and at the broke'* Im-fame time, and afterwards, the said French King and his P«<*chment, Subjects were, during all the said time, Enemies to her said Majesty and her Subjects; he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, then being One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and of her Privy Council, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having withdrawn his Duty and Obedience from her said Majesty, and conspiring and confederating with the Enemies of her said Majesty, and the Subjects of the said French King, to give him Aid and Succour against her said Majesty, did, on or about the said 4th Day of March 1711, falflv, wickedly, and traiterously, aid, comfort, assist, and adhere to, the said French King against her said Majesty; and, in Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Assisting, and Adhering, he the said Viscount did, on or about the said 4th of March 1711, falsly, maliciously, and traiterously, communicate and disclose her said Majesty’s then final Instructions to her laid Plenipotentiaries, relating to the said Negotiations of Peace; or was privy to, and did advise, and consent, and approve, that the same should be, and accordingly tire same were, communicated and disclosed to Abbot Gaultier, an Agent and Emifiary of the said French King, and an Enemy of her said Majesty; and, in further Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Assisting, and Adhering, he the said Henry Viscount did, by

a Letter or Writing, wrote by himself, on or about the said 4th of March, falsly, maliciously, and traiterously disclose, communicate, and notify, or did intend thereby to communicate and notify to Monsieur de Torcy, a Minister,

Secretary of State, and Subject, of the said French King, and an Enemy of her said Majesty, That the said Gaultier was informed of her Majesty’s laid Instructions to her said Plenipotentiaries; thereby falsly and traiterously informing and advising the said Monsieur de Torcy, by what Means, and from what Persons, he might have the Knowledge of her Majesty’s laid Instructions, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Article 5th.

That whereas the States General of the United Provinces were, in or about the Months of September or October in the Year of our Lord 1712, in Possession of the strong and important Town and Fortress of; and

whereas the French King had, during the Course of the said private, separate, and traitorous, Negotiation between him the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, and others, and the Ministers of France, signified his Consent to the Mi-nifters of Great Britain, that the said Town and Fortress of Tournay should remain to the said States General, as Part of their Barrier: And whereas her Majesty, in her Instructions, of December the 23d 1711, to her Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, had expressly directed them to insist with the Plenipotentiaries of France, in the General C011-gress, That, towards forming a sufficient Barrier for the States General, Tournay should remain to their High Migh-tinesses; and did afterwards declare herself conformably thereunto, in a Speech to both Houses of Parliament, on the 6th of June 1712; in which lhe communicated to them the Terms whereon a Peace might be made: And whereas for several Years before, and till the said Months of September and October in the Year of our Lord 1712, there was Open War between her late Majesty and the French King, and the said War continuing for all the said time, and alterwards, the said French King and his Subjects were Enemies to her Majesty, he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, then being One of her Majesty’s prin-

cipal Secretaries of State, and of her Privy Council, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having altogether withdrawn the cordial Love, and true and due Obedience, which every true and faithful Subject owed to her said Majesty, and designing to give Aid and Succour, and to adhere to the said French King against her said Majesty, did, in or about the Months of September or October 1712, during the said

Lord Boling* broke's Impeachment.

4° — 5° August!. A. 1715.

War, falsly, maliciously, wickedly, and traiterously, aid, help, and assist, and adhere to the French King, then an Enemy to her late Majesty, against her said Majesty; and, in Execution and Performance of the said Aiding, Assisting, and Adhering, maliciously, falsly, and traiterously, did counsel and advise the said Enemy, in what Manner, and by what Methods, the said important Town and Fortress of Tour nay, then in Possession of the States General, might be gained from them to the French King, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Article 6th.

That whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne, not only in pursuance of the Treaties ihe stood engaged in to her good Allies, and, in particular, to his Imperial Majesty, for the Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Austria, thereby to preserve a due Balance of Power in Europe', but also, from her just Resentment against the Duke of Anjou, w ho then stiled himself King of Spain, and who, in Defiance of her Majesty’s Title to the Crown, had acknowledged the Pretender as King of/rratf;

and, on these just Foundations, her Majesty had, in Vindication of the Honour of the Crown, and in Justice to her People, at avail Expence of Blood and Treasure, and on the earned: and repeated Advices of her Parliament, prosecuted a vigorous War against the said Duke of Anjou; and whereas, in the Years of our Lord 1710, 1711, and 1712, the said open, bloody, and expensive War was carried on between her said late Majesty Queen Anne and the said Duke of Anjou, and during all the time aforesaid, the said War did continue, and for all that time, the said Duke of Anjou, and the Subjects of Spain adhere-ing to him, were Enemies of her late Majesty; he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, then being One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and of her Privy Council, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but hav ing withdrawn his true Obedience from her said late Majesty, did, at several times, in the said Years of our Lord 1710, 1711, and 171*, falsly, maliciously, wickedly, and traiterously, aid, help, assist, and adhere to, the said Duke of Anjou, then an Enemy to her said late Majesty, against her said Majesty; and, in Execution and Performance of his said Aiding, Helping, and Assisting, and Adhering, and in Confederacy and Combination with the then Enemies of her late Majesty, and with divers other wicked and evil-disposed Persons, did, at several times, in the Years aforesaid, advise and counsel the Enemies of her late Majesty, against her said Majesty; and, in such Counselling and Advising, did concert with them, and did promote, the yielding, and giving up Spain, and the West Indies, or some Part thereof, to the said Duke of Anjou, then in Enmity with her Majesty, against the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Law's and Statutes of this Realm.

All which Crimes and Misdemeanors were committed and done by him the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, against our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the several Trusts reposed in him the said Viscount: And he the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke was One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and One of her Privy Council, during the time that all and every the Crimes before let forth were done and committed.

Ordered, That the said Articles be read, Article by Article.

The Preamble to the said Articles was read:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inferring, after Majesty," these Words, " of everblessed Memory

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Articles were severally read a Second rime; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Articles of Impeachment against Henry Viscount Bolingbroke,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Articles be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeos,[ } M5-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, for saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke: And that he may be sequestred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

( Sir John Paclcington, ( Mr. Shippcn: the Affirmative.

41-

V eneris, 50 die Augusti j

Anno 2’ Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That Copper their Address, of the Seventeenth of June last, re- Coinage, laling to the Coinage of Halfpence and Farthings, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased graciously to answer, That when his Majesty shall think proper to give Orders for coining new Halfpence and Farthings, he will take care that it be done in the most advantageous manner for the Publick.

Sir Thomas Johnson reported from the Committee, to Leverpole whom the Bill for building and endow ing a Church upon Church, the Site of the late Castle of Leverpole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then read a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, to explain the Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of,

to build a Church, and endow the fame; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton;

And a Debate arising upon the said Clause:

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Conway Ormsby, in behalf of his Brother Earl Arthur Ormsby Esquire, was presented to the House, and Clanricanfi read; setting forth, That his Brother, being in Ireland, Eftatfe* was informed. That a Bill was passing, for explaining and better executing the Intentions of a former Act, intituled,

An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanricarde and Lord Bophin, and the Powers and Authorities in Two several Indentures Quadrupartite and Tripartite, are confirmed, and otherwise altered; and several Persons, in the said Bill mentioned, are directed and impow ered to fell or mortgage such Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Indentures mentioned, as they shall think fit: That his said Brother, and his Ancestors, have been some considerable time in Possession of the Town and Lands of in the County of Mayo, in the said Kingdom of Ireland; which said Town and Lands are contained in the said Indentures, or One of them; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, his Brother’s Title to the said Town and Lands would be defeated: And praying. That the said Town and Lands may be particularly excepted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until

Earl CJanri-card s Estate.

Making the Militia more nfefuL

Duke of Ormond's Impeachment.

a Geo. I. 50 Augusti. 257

until the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining, and better executing, the Intentions of -a former Act, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of and Lord

Bophin j and for Sale of further Part of the said Earl’s Estate, for Payment of the Debts and Portions remaining chargeable upon the same j be read a Second time.

The Order, for reading the said Bill the Second time, was read.

The Bill was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the . J 94.

TeUersfor theNoes . j 141.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved\That the Bill be rejected.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Mr. Walpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, acquainting the House, That the Committee had, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, prepared Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against James Duke of Ormond; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and are as follows; viz.

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against James Duke of Ormonde.

Article 1.

THAT whereas James Duke of Ormonde, in or about the Month of April 1712, being appointed General of the Forces in the Netherlands of her late Majesty Queen Anne, with Orders to prosecute the War against France with all possible Vigour, in conjunction with her said Majesty’s Allies; and having, by her said Majesty’s Directions, and in her Name, given her said Allies the most lblemn Assurances to that Purpose; was thereupon admitted into the Counsels, and made privy to the most secret Designs, of the Generals of the Confederate Army against the common Enemy, and of the Measures they thought the most proper to carry on the War with Succels: And whereas, in the said Year 1712, the said War was carried on between her laid late Majesty Queen Anne and the said French King; and, during all the said Year, the War did continue, and, for all that time, the said French King, and his Subjects, were Enemies of her late Majesty; he the said James Duke of Ormonde, then General of her Majesty’s Army, and a Subject of her Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having withdrawn his true and due Obedience from her said late Majesty, and Affection from his Country, did, during the said War, fallly, maliciously, wickedly, and traiteroully, aid, help, assist, and adhere to, the said French King, against her said late Majesty; and in Execution of his laid aiding, helping, assisting, and adhering, maliciously, fallly, and traiteroully, contrary to the Daty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, did, on or about the 26th Day of May 1712, fend private Intelligence and Information to Marechal Vtllars, then an Enemy to her said late Majesty, and General of the French King’s Army against her Majesty and her Allies, of a March the Army of her said Majesty, and of her Allies, was then going to make, and of the Design of the said Army in making that March.

Article the Second.

That whereas, in or about the Month of May 1712, a Vo j» 18.

traiterous Design was carried on between Henry John Esquire, then One of her said late Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and other evil-disposed Persons, and the Ministers of France, to defeat the just Expectations of >the great Advantages over the common Enemy her Majesty and the Nation had then Reason to hope for from the great Superiority of the Confederate Forces in the Netherlands; to obtain which, very large Sums of Money had been chearfully contributed by Parliament; and, to that End, the said St. John had given

secret Assurances to the French Ministers, that her Majesty’s General in the Netherlands, though under the most solemn Engagements to act vigorously in Concert with the Allies, should not act against France; and had also engaged the said James Duke of Ormonde to concur in the said wicked Purpose: Which evil Practices of the said Henry St. John and others, when they were lirft suspected, giving the greatest Alarm to the Ministers of the Allies, the Parliament, and to the whole Kingdom; and being thereupon openly disavowed and denied by all the Conspirators in the most publick manner; he the said James Duke of Ormonde, in order to disguise and conceal from her said late Majesty, and the whole Kingdom, the said traiterous Designs then carrying on by the said Henry St. John, and other false Traitors to her Majesty and their Country, in Aid and Comfort of the French King, then in open War with, and an Enemy of, her said Majesty, did, by his Letter of the 2,f,th of May 1712, to the said Henry St. John, then her Maj city's Principal Secretary of State, called his publick Letter, because prepared, and intended to be read, before her said Majesty and her Council, wicked, fallly, and treacheroyfly, abuse and impose upon her said late Majesty and her Council, by affirming and declaring the rein, That, if he found an Opportunity to bring the Enemy to a Battle, he should not decline it; although, by a private Letter, writ by the said James Duke of Ormonde, of the same Date, and to the said Henry St. John, designed to be read by the said Henry St. John and the said Conspirators only, he the said James Duke of Ormonde did, on the contrary, wickedly promise and engage, that he would not attack or molest the French Army, or engage in any Siege against France.

Article the Third.

That he the said James Duke of Ormonde, in or about the Month of Jane 1712, being at that time General of her Majesty's Forces against France, and a Subject of her said Majesty, not considering the Duty of his Allegiance, but having altogether withdrawn the cordial Love and true Obedience which every faithful Subject otoed to her said Majesty, and devoting himself to (the Service of France, and designing to give Aid and Comfort to the French King and his Subjects, then in open War with, and Enemies to, her said late Majesty; in Violation of the many Treaties of Alliance between Great Britain and several other Princes and States for carrying on the War against France, and of the said late Queen’s Instructions to him, on or about the 7th of April 1712, under the Sign Manual in pursuance thereof, and of the solemn Declarations he had but lately before, by her said Majesty’s Command, and inber Name, made to the Penfiortary of Holland, and the Generals of the Confederate Army, to pufti on the War with all possible Vigour; and also in open and manifest Violation of the last Orders sent to him in a Letter from the said Henry St. John, on or about the 7th of June 1712, whereby he the said James Duke of Ormonde was directed to make no Cessation of Arms with the French, unless the Articles demanded by her Majesty, and expressly mentioned and let down in the said Letter, as the Conditions for the said Cessation, should be complied with by France, and whereby he the said James Duke of Ormonde was likewise furtherjexprefly directed and told. That in case the Conditions therein mentioned were not complied with by France, that then he was entirely free from Restraint, and at Liberty to take all reasonable Measures in his Power for annoying the Enemy, and at full Liberty of acting against France-, did, on or about the 25th of June aforesaid, fallly, maliciously, wickedly, and traiter-

3 U cully,

Duke of

Ormonde s Impeachment,

258 50 — 6* Augusti. . 1715*

ously, aid, help, afljft, and adhere to, the French King against her said late Majesty, and then in open War with her Majesty; and, in Execution of his said aiding, helping, assisting, and adhering, and in pursuance of a wicked Promise he had secretly made the same Day to Marechal

Pillars, General of the French Army, tp that Purpose, maliciously, falsly, and traitcrously, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, did advise, and endeavour to persuade, the Generals of the Confederate Army against France, and the Deputies of the States General, to raise the Siege of a

French Town, then besieged by them; and did then further traiterously and wickedly refuse to act any longer against France; and then also traiterously and wickedly told the said Generals of the said Confederate Forces, and the said States Deputies, That he could no longer cover the Siege of Quefnoy; but was obliged, by his Instructions, to march off with the Queen’s Troops, and those in her Majesty’s Pay: Whereas in Truth, and the Commons expressly charge, that he the said James Duke of Ormonde did traiterously and wickedly make the said Declaration, and refused to act against France, in manifest Contradiction, not only to his said original Orders, but also of the said Letter to him, of the 7th of June, from the said Henry St. John; since none of the Articles, demanded by her Majesty for a Cefiation of Anns, and expressed in the said Letter to be the Conditions, without which no Cefia-tion of Arms was to be made, had been complied with by France: And, in further Execution of his laid traiterous Designs, he the said James Duke of Ormonde, by a letter to the said Marechal Pillars, on the 25th of June aforesaid, did traiterously and wickedly fend Intelligence to the said Marechal Pillars of the before-mentioned Passages between him the said James Duke of Ormonde and the Generals of the Confederate Army and the States Deputies; and how his Propositions were received by them; and also the Disposition he observed in the foreign Troops to adhere to the said Confederates, in case of a Separation by the Troops of Great Britain.

Article the Fourth.

That he the said James Duke of Ormonde did not only wickedly and falsly affirm to the Generals of the Confederate Army, and the States Deputies, That his said Refu-fal to act any longer against France, and to cover the Siege of Quefnoy, was in pursuance of Instructions he had received for that Purpose; but also, to induce the said Generals of the Confederate Army, and the Stales Deputies, to comply with his Proposal to them to abandon the said Siege, he the said James Duke of Ormonde did wickedly represent their Compliance therein as the most effectual Way to induce her laid late Majesty to take care of the said Confederates Interest at the Peace; whereby he the said James Duke of Ormonde did, in effect, threaten her said Majesty’s good Friends and Allies, that, unlel's they would dishonourably abandon an Enterprize undertaken by common Consent, and thereby lave a strong Fortress, and a numerous Garison, of the Enemy, they were not to expect, that her Majesty would take care of their Interests at the general Peace.

Article the Fifth.

That he the said James Duke of having re-

ceived a Letter, dated on or about the 14th of July 1712, from the said Marechal Pillars, the French General, desiring to be informed what Troops remained with the Confederate Army, or whatTroops and Generals marched off from them with him the said Duke; and declaring at the same time, that the Reason of that Inquiry was, in order to fall upon and attack the said Confederate Army; he the said James Duke of Ormonde, on or about the 16th Day of July 1712, did traiterously and wickedly, contrary to the Duty of a true and faithful Subject, and contrary to his Allegiance, and the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, aid, help, assist, and adhere to, the said French King, and his Subjects, against her said late Majesty, and then in open War with, and Enemies to, her said late Majesty; and, in Execution of his said aiding, helping, assisting, and adhering, he the said James Duke of Ormonde, on or about the said 16th Day of July 1712, did traiterously fend

secret Intelligence to the said Marechal Villars the General of the French Army, of the Number of the Troops that had left the said Confederate Army, and also of the March the said Confederate Army had that Morning made.

Article the Sixth.

And whereas he the said James Duke of Ormonde had received Advice, that the States General, in or about the Month of October 1712, had formed a Design to surprise"

and take the Towns of Newport and Funtes, or one of them, then in the Possession of the French King; that he the said James Duke of Ormonde, intending to ftiiengthen the Hands of the common Enemy, by defeating the said Enterprize, did, on or about the 21st Day of October 1712, in a Letter to the said Henry St. John, then Viscount Bolingbroke, wickedly and basely suggest to and advise her said late Majesty to fend secret Intelligence -of, and to betray, the said Counsels and Designs of her good and faithful Allies the Statos General to the French King, then in War with, and an Enemy to, her Majesty; and did further, wickedly and shamefully, suggest the Means of putting the said Treachery in Execution, by giving private Intelligence of the Design to the said Marechal Pillars.

All which Crimes and Misdemeanors were committed and done by him the said James Duke of Ormonde against our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and i« Breach of the several Trusts reposed in him the said Duke: And lie the said James Duke of Ormonde was General of her Majesty’s Forces in the Netherlands, and One of her Privy Council, during the time that all and every the Crimes before set forth were done and committed.

The first Article being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the said Article bfe one of the Articles of Impeachment against James Duke of Ormonde;

The house divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas,£ ’ } 7?-

TeUers for the Noes,{: }

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Articles, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Articles of Impeachment against James Duke of Ormonde.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, for laving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said James Duke of Ormonde; and that he may be sequestred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6* die Augusti;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A CLAUSE being offered to the House, pursuant to LordBoling-the Order, of the Fourth Instant, for saving Liberty broke’s lm-to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against l,eacbment. Henry Viscount Bolingbroke; and that he may be sequestred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody;

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

FOR which Matters and Things, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of thcrnselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said Henry V ifeount Bolingbroke of High Treason, and other High

Crimes

a Geo. t.

6° Augusti.

259

Duke of Ormonde's Impeachment.

Crimes and Misdemeanors in the said Articles contained: And the said Commons, by Protestation, laving to thera-selves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusations or Impeachments against the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke; and also of replying to the Answers which the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any Impeachment or Accusation that shall be by them exhibited, according to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament; do pray, That the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke be put to answer all and every the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon them, and every of them, had and uled, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice: And they do further pray and demand, That the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke may be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed, with the Articles of Impeachment against Henry Viscount Boling-' broke.

A Clause being offered to the House, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, for saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against James Duke of Ormonde; and that he may be sequestred from Parliament, and committed to safe Custody;

The same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

FOR which Matters and Things, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Common# of Great Britain, impeach the said James Duke of Ormonde of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors in the said Articles contained: And the said Commons, by Protestation, laving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusations or Impeachments against the said James Duke of Ormonde; and also of replying to the Answers which the said James Duke of Ormonde shall make to the Premises, or any of tlrern, or to any Impeachment or Accusation that shall be by them exhibited, according to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament; do pray, That the said James Duke of Ormonde be put to answer all and every the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon them, and every of them, had and uled, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice: And they do further pray and demand, That the said James Duke of Ormonde may be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to late Custody.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed, with the Articles of Impeachment against James Duke of Ormonde.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Consent of Trustees, to grant Leases of feme Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yonge, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Broderick, Sir Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Colonel Grahme, Mr.

Thomson, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Monroe, Sir Mountague Blundle, Mr. Inge, Mr. Chelwynd, Sir Thomas Johnson,; and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Bay and Say-weavers in Colchester, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of the same Trade, is referred, have Power to report their Opinion tlrereupon to the House.

L'lieger’s, tVc. Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom the

Nat. Bill to naturalize Robert de George Christian

dersr, and others, was committed, That they had directed him

Vo l. 18.

Ws

fcftate.

to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Law's therein Laws mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp, and Flax, and «>»bng t* Scots Linen, and the Assize of Bread; and for giving Coa s’&c* Power to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the Coun.y of Anglesea, for the PurjKjfes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to the Bill; viz.

Prels L. To leave out " an, " and insert " so " much of the: "

L. To leave out "Eleven Years," and insert "One Year:"

Press 4. L. 21. After " fct," insert " the said Prizes to " be ascertained according to the Winchester Measure: "

L. 36. After " thereof," to leave out 4< only," and insert " the Borough of Southwark, and Weekly " Bills of Mortality, in the county of : "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp, and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the AUize of Bread: and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Pur poles therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of High Trea- Lord Bcling-son, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, agahift hrokcs Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, were read. *>eac imen

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the said Articles to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Waljmlc he directed, before he exhibits the said Articles to the Lords, to impeach Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, to the Effect following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, have commanded me to impeach the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Trea-fons, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said Henry Viscount Bolingbrol.e of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: I am further commanded by the House of Commons to pray and demand of your Lordships, That the said Henry Viscount Bolingbroke may be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Colchester

Woollen

|lanufa£hire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Improvement of the Breed of Horses: And that Mr. Comptroller and Mr. Cholm/y do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Breed of Horses.

Mr. Walpole reported, That he had, at the Bar of the Lord Boling-House of Lords, impeached Henry Viscount Bolingbroke ,n,kes ,m* of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Mifde- , KUC ment’ meanors; and delivered in the Articles of Impcachmertt against him; and did pray and demand, That the said

Viscount might be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to late Custody.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that several Perl’ons, who voted for the Sitting Members, lived out of the Borough, or

were

Taunton

Election.

Lord Bolingbroke’s Impeachment.

Panton's

Estate.

Wynche'*

Estate.

Wynche*

Estate.

Sufferers by Fire in Thames street.

Enlarging the Bank Fund, &c.

260 6°- — 8° Augusti. 1715.

were under Age, or were Apprentices, or received Alms.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Jlorough of Taunton be adjourned until Tue/daj/Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Orlehar:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have ordered Henry Viscount Bolingbroke to be forthwith attached by the Gentleman Uflierof the Black Rod attending the House of Lords; and brought to their Lordship’s Bar, to answer the Articles exhibited against him by this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Ninth Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire in Trustees, to be sold for payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other rurposes therein mentioned; without Amendment. And also,

The Lords have pafl’cd a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard JVynche Baronet, and Humphry Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman

as the said Humphry JVynche shall marry: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 8° die;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard JVynche Baronet, and Humphry Wynche Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard JVynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry Wynche shall marry, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. read a Second time.

Mr. Lcnother presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of June 'Milner, Thomas Colemore, William Hunt, JVII , and others: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per redeemable by Parliament; was read the Third time. 1

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Prels 16. L. 1. To leave out " Ireland, " and insert " Dublyn: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per An-20

num upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pound, per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Works and Materials at incurred,

whilst that Building was carried on at the Expence of her late Majesty Queen Anne of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of High Trea-fop, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against James Duke of Ormonde, were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the said Articles to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope be directed, before he exhibits the said Articles to the Lords, to impeach James Duke of Onnonde, to the Etlcft following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traitorous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, James Duke of Ormonde, have commanded me to impeach the said James Duke of Ormonde of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain impeach the said James Duke of Ormonde of High Trealbn, and other High Crimes and Mifdenaea-nors: I am further commanded by she House of Commons, to pray and demand of your Lord ships. That the said James Duke of Ormonde may be sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

The House was called over, according to Order:

And the Names of such as made Default to appear were taken down.

Ordered, That the Names of such as made Default be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly:

And several of them appeared; and others were ex* cufed, upon account of their being ill, some in the Country, feme in Town; and others, upon account of their being in the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions; and some, as being upon the Road.

Upon calling over the Names of Sir Michael JVarton, John Snell Esquire, Thomas Master Esquire, Richard Shuttlercorth Esquire, Charles Parker Esquire, Sir William Blackett Baronet, Corbett Kynaston Esquire, Do-dington Grevile Esquire, Sir Robert Baronet,

Lewis Price Esquire, and John Camegy Esquire; they were not excused.

Ordered, That Sir Michael JVarton be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Snell Esquire do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Thomas Master Esquire do attend is House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Richard Shuttleworth Esquire do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Charles Parker Esquire do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir William Blackett Baronet do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Corbett Kynaston Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Dodington Grevile Esquire do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Furness Baronet do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Lewis Price Esquire be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered,

Cuke of Ormond’! Impeach* meat.

Call of tbt House.

2 Geo. I. 8° — 9* jiugusii. "ofc't

Pflfcff of

Ormonde*

Irnpwtom.

Duke of

Ormonde attached by Black llod.

Heneage’*

BUate.

Sapply.

Keanet

Navigation.

Ordered, That John, Carttegy Esquire, do attend thb House upon this Day Month*

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported, That he had, according to Order, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached James Doke of Ormonde of High Treason, and other

High Crimes and Misdemeanors > and delivered in the Articles of Impeachment against him; and did pray and demand. That the said Duke might lie sequestred from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have ordered James Duke of Ormonde to be forthwith attached by the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod attending the House of Lords, and brought to their Lordships Bar, to answer the Articles exhibited against him by tins House.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Heneage Esquire, to fell the Rectory of North Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, and some

Lands there; and for settling a Rent-charge, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

injr next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for making the River Kennct navigable from Reading to in the County of Berks, lie read the Third time upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Making Rejoiced, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve more of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more qfeful.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 90 die Augujli;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

H'wegeV A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. m enable George Heneage Esquire, to fell the Rec-

tory of North Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, and some Lands there} and for settling Rent-charges, of greater Value, in lieu thereofj and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Mount- A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord joy’* qualify- Viscount Mount joy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was pre-

law for Office. fenteci to the House, and read; setting forth, That Letters Patents have passed the Great Seal of Ireland, to constitute and appoint him to execute the Office and Place of Matter of his Majesty’s Ordnance in the said Kingdom; and that, by veolbn of his present Service, and Attendance on his Majesty, cannot go into the said Kingdom, to qualify himself there, as the Law directs: And praying, That a Bill may be brought into this honourable House, to enable him to qualify himself in England for the said Office.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Molesworth, and Mr. Louther, and Mr. Refill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Levtrpolu The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Church. ].ait Amendment to the Bill for building and endowing a

Vol. 18.

Church upon the Site of the late Cattle of held

by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster

And a Clause in the Act, of the 10th Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act, to enable the Town of Leoerpote, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to build a Church, and endow the lame; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish Church of itself, distinct from Walton; being read;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

The House being informed, That Sir Michael WhaHon Defcnhunt* and Corbet Kynaston Esquire, are, pursuant to the Orders of Yesterday, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

Ordered, That Sir Michael Wharton be discharged put of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Corbet Kynaston Esquire, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Insolvent ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -Debtor*. House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

0

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Making Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ?j^jaiDOrt Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair Qf the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverel Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to refwrt, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccoclcs and Mr.

Fellmces:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint tins House, Lord Boling-That the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod hath this broke ab-Day returned to their Lordships, That, in Obedience to fconded* their Lordships Order, of the Sixth of August instant, to attach Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, he had made diligent Search and Inquiry after the said Viscount, as well at the last and usual Places of Abode of the said Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, as elsewhere; but the said Lord Viscount' Bolingbroke is not to be found, so as that he may be attached, as is commanded by the said Order.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to summon Henry Viscount Bolingbrolie to raider himself to Justice by a Day therein to be limited; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason: And that Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded, in the further Hearing the Me- Taunton rits of the Election for the Borough of E eon*

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members, received Alms, or were not Pot-wallers* or came into the Borough by Certificate.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits erf the,

Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned until

Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Minehead rough of Minehead be heard at the Bar of this House i'leCUo"> upon ThursdaySevennight.

3X And

262 10° August!. 1715.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mercurti, I o° die Augusti;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prat ers.

Supply Bill; "\/TR. Farrer presented to the House a Bill for railing Sale of 1V1 Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick nnuities. Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament: And the same was received.

Sufferers by A Bill for Relief Anne Thomas Colemore,

Thames- William Hunt, William Parrot, and others, was read a street Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Itifolvent Persons in Army and Navy.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the said Bill.

1*? Boling- Mr- Walpole presented to the House, according to taiuder. Order, a Bill to summon Henry Viscount to

render himself to Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Lord Mount- Mr. Molefuorth presented to the House, according to ing for Office* Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oath of Office, as he is Mailer of his Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Encouraging Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, ac-ScoUaud*n cording to Order, a Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also, for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it Audi be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour: And the same was received.

Tobacco, tie. An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Merchants, Importers bonded of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part

Duties. of the Duties on the ferae, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco end Wine,- conoerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame.

A Bill for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, Supply Bill» for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate ^uitie*. of Six Pounds pet' Centum per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament; was read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Liddall reported from the Committee, to w'hom America* the Petition of the Agent of Carolina, in America, and Colonies^ several Merchants trading thither, for and on behalf of themselves, and the miserable Inhabitants of that distressed Province, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Vf here the same was read; and is as follows; vis.

That the said Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, met several times: And, upon.

Examination of the Matter of the said Petition, do find;

That the Dangers to which the Province of South Carolina is exposed, by the late Invasion of the Indians, are such as require a speedy and efteflual Relief; the Inhabitants fit to bear Arms not being Fifteen hundred or Two thousand Men; and the Indians are said to be upwards of Twelve thousand: That, the Proprietors not being able, at their own Charges, either to fend the necessary Succours for the prquent Relief of the said Province, or to support it under the like for the future, your Committee submit, in what manner it may be most proper to preserve and maintain this lb valuable a Province, which is a Frontier of the British Plantations' on the Continent:

But, unless some speedy, Supply of Men, Arms, and Ammunition, be sent for their Relief, the w hole Province must inevitably be ruined; to the great Prejudice of his MajestyVSubjects, and the Trade of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his.

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct,

That such Relief may be lent to Carolina, as his Majesty shall judge uecessary for the Preservation of that Colony.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Iliccocks and Mr.

O debar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Duke of That the Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod hath this Ormonde Day returned to their Lordships, That, in Obedience to aljfconded, -their Lordships Order, on the Eighth of August instant, to attach his Grace James Duke of he had

made diligent Search and Inquiry after the said Duke, as W'ell at the last and usual Places of Abode of the said James Duke of Ormonde, as elsewhere: but the said Duke of Ormonde is not to be found, so as that he may be attached, as is commanded by the said Order.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to Cuke of _ summon James Duke of Ormonde to render himself to ^uidnder* Justice, by a Day therein to be limited; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason; And that Mr.

Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Joseph , and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America; and for the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and of his Majesty's Plantations; and for the Security of his Majesty’s Customs:

And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Smith, Mr. John Chetrrind, Mr. Moteficorth, Mr. Hut chit Jon, Mr.

miiuque, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Cockburn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The

Kennet

Navigation*

Supply.

Making Militia more oicful.

Courtenay’s

Estate.

Encouraging Loyalty in Scotland.

a Geo. I. 10° — i i® August!,

26$

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That an ingrossed . Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to in the County of Berks, be read the Third' time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Bladen reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more ufelul was 'committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Cferks formerly employed under the Lieutenants, or their Deputy Lieutenants, in Affairs relating to the Militia, to deliver such Books, and other Papt rs, as they have, to such Persons as the Lieutenants, or their Deputy Lieutenants, shall appoint:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended; and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige Receivers of Trophy-money to account for the fame:

The laid Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

ances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be, incurred there on any such Account; as allb for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Than an additional Number of Six thousand Men be allowed for Sea Service, for the Half-year from the Twenty-fourth of June 1715.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an additional Number of Six thousand Men be allowed for Sea Service, for the Half-year from the Twenty-fourth of June 1715*

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Robert de Ulieger, George tJlieger>$,&c. Christian Luders, and others, was read the Third time. Nat‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to naturalize Robert de Ulieger, George Christian Luders, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Ijmdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sale of Annuities-

A Bill for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds Supply Bill; for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament; was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir IV,m. Hickman, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cofn, Mr. Cater, Mr. Cartwright, be added to the Committee, to whom an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir Wm. Courtenay Baronet, inTruftecs, and their Heirs, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands, in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Liles; were committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> ii° die Augusti;

Anno a° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABIL L for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords', and Tenants, in Scotland, w ho do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Convey-V01. 18,

Colonel Bladen reported, from the Committee, to whom Publick the Petitions of James Campbell Esquire, and of the Com- ?ebj® iiiiftioners of Equivalent, were referred, the Matter, as it bco an ‘ appeared to them; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the fame, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, were read; and are as follow; vi

The. Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters of the said Petition of Campbell, of

London, Merchant, Agent lor the publick Creditors of Scotland

It appeared, That, by the Fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union between England and Scotland, it is agreed. That all the publick Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as should be adjusted by that present Parliament, shall be paid out of the several Sums by the said Treaty payable to Scotland, by way of Incrcalcand Equivalents:

That, by an Act, of the last Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act concerning the publick Debts, the publick Debts of Scotland were adjusted.'

That, by an Act, of the First Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, An Act for further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, the Commissioners of Equivalent were impowered and directed to grant transferrable Debentures for the publick Debts, lb adjusted, to the several Persons intitled thereto, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum pet' Annum from the 24th of June 1708.

Sir Patrick Johnston, One of the Commissioners of Equivalent, attended the Committee; and, being examined, declared, That the said Commissioners of Equivalent had ifiucd out transferrable Debentures, beating

Interest

Publick Debts of Scotland.

364

II

Augusti.

Interestat the Rate of Fire Pounds from the 34th of June 1708, pursuant to the aforesaid Act: That, by an Act of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, an Act to acquit and discharge the Commissioners of Equivalent, 8$c. the publick Debts of Scotland, which, on the 24th of June 1714, remained

unsatisfied, and which were adjusted and certified, pursuant to the Direction of the several Acts of Parliament therein recited, are declared to amount to the Sum of 230,308/. 9*. 10 $d.;and the Commissioners of Equivalent are thereby directed and required to issue out new Debentures for the said Sum to the several Persons proportionally and respectively intitled thereto, with Ir>-terest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Amwm from the said 24th of June 1714, payable out of the first and read left of the Monies which either are, or shall become due to Scotland by way of Equivalent, according to the Agreements in the Treaty of Union.

The said Sir Patrick Johnston acquainted the Committee, That the Commissioners of Equivalent have proceeded to issue out new Debentures, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty i And the Petitioner, James Campbell, also produced to the Committee several new Debentures, which have been issued by the Commissioners of Equivalent accordingly.

That, from the find Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, and from the Acknowledgment of the said Sir Patrick Johnston, who was examined to that Effect, it appeared to the Committee, That the publick Creditors of Scotland have not received any Part of the said principal Sum of 230,308/. 9 to^d. nor of the Intereli due thereupon.

That, by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union, it is provided that the Commissioners of Equivalent (halt keep Rooks, containing Accounts of the Amount of the Equivalents; and how the same shall have been disposed of from time to time; which may be inspected by any of the Subjects who shall desire the fame.

The said Sir Patrick Johnston, and Patrick Campbell Esqulre, Treasurer to the Commissioners of Equivalent, being examined, acknowledged, That the said Commissioners had not kept such Books, with the Amounts of the Equivalents, to be inspected by the Creditors, or other Subjects of Scotland, as the Treaty of Union requires; because the said Commissioners themselves had not received the Accounts from the Officers of the Revenue, certifying the Equivalents growing due, as the said Act for further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money appoints; whereby, only, proper Books might have been kept for that Purpose: And that,

U pon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner, James Campbell Esquire, has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition, in behalf of the publick Creditors of Scotland.

After which, the Committee proceeded upon the Petition of the Commissioners of Equivalent, which was also referred to them: And,

It appeared to the Committee, upon reading the 15th Article of Union, with the Minutes of the Treaty, and Other Accounts thereto annexed, published by Authority;

That Scotland should have an Equivalent for what die Subjects thereof should he charged towards Payment of tire Debts of England, in all particulars whatsoever; viz. 398,085/. 10*. for such Parts of the Customs and Excifo, with which that Kingdom was to be charged upon the Union, as would be applicable to tire Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions which the then present Customs in Scotland, being 30,000l. per Annum, did bear to the Customs in England, computed at *>34!>559/- per Annum', and the then present Excises in Scotland, being 33,500l. per Annum, did bear to the Excises in England, computed at 947,602/. per Annum:

And, in regard the said Revenues would improve beyond the before-mentioned annual Values thereof, of

A. 1715.

which no Estimate could then be made, and for which a proportionable Equivalent ought to be asrfwered to Scotland; therefore, after the Union, there should ho an Account kept of the said Duties arising in Scotland, to the end it might appear what ought to be answered to Scotland as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase, as should be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England:

That, for the more effectual answering the several Ends mentioned in this Article, after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above stated, should go, and be applied, for the Terra of Seven Years, to the Uses hereafter mentioned; for Payment of the publick Debts of Scotland; and towards encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, and such other Manufactories and Improvements, in Scotland, as might most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom; and that, upon the said Account, there should be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of Sevea Years after the Union, an Equivalent in proportion to such Part of the said Increase, as should be applicable to the Debts of England: And generally,1

That an Equivalent should be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the English Debts as Scotland might there-. after become liable to pay, by reason of the Union, other than such, for which Appropriations had then been made by Parliament in England, of the Customs and Excise; in respect of which Debts, Equivalents are herein before provided:

That, at the time of the Treaty, certain Branches of the Customs and Excise of England were applicable for the Civil List; others appropriated to Perpetuity, or for a long Term of Years, for Payment of Debts; others were to continue for a short period of Time, for the same Purpose; and others were unappropriated, and applicable to the publick Service; the Value of all which respective Branches was taken from a Medium of the Produce in the Three Years immediately preceding the Treaty; and the Parts of the Scots Customs and Excise, applicable to the several Purposes aforesaid, were regulated by the Proportions above mentioned, as may appear by the aforesaid Minutes and Accounts of the Coonnissioners for the Treaty of Union.

It appeared further to the Committee upon reading the aforesaid 15th Article of Union, and a Clause in an Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, That her late Majesty was impowered to appoint Commissioners, who should be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain, for disposing the said Sum of 398,085/.

1 os. and all other Monies which should arise to Scotland upon the Agreements aforesaid; which Commissioners should be impowered to call for, receive and dispose of, the said Monies in manner aforesaid; and to inspect the Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues, and of all other Duties from whence an Equivalent might arise; and that the Collectors and Managers of the said Revenues shallld be obliged to give to the said Commissioners subscribed authentick Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues and Duties arising in their respective Districts; «nd that the said Commissioners should have their Office within the Limits of Scotland, and, in such Office keep Books, containing Accounts of the Amount of the Equivalents, and liow the same should have been disposed of from time to time; which might be infptfted by any of the Subjects tv he should desire the fame.

That, by the said Act, of the Sixth of Queen Anne, it appeared, That the Commissioners, Managers, Collectors, and other proper Officers, of the Customs and Excise, and of all other Revenues and Duties from whence an Equivalent might arise, according to the Agreements aforesaid, were obliged to make and fobscribe Two authentic Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues, with the Amount of the several Sums which should be due by way of Equivalent, according to the said Agreements, from the Commencement of the Union to the 95 th 1708,

for

2 Geo. I. i r® AugustL 26g

for the First time, and so from thenceforward half-yearly; folenon Agreements between the Two Nations, have riot, publick one of the said Abbreviates to be transmitted to the Lord for these Eight Years pall, got much as their necessary Debt* of High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners Charges in attending that Office; and, on many Occa- Scotland* of the Treasury for the Time being; and the other to the lions, demanded both the Idcrease and Equivalents, which "Commissioners of Equivalent in Scotland for the Time they thought due:

being; and that the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- But, by the general Abbreviates of the Revenues of the missioners of the Treasury, upon Receipt of such Abbre- Customs and Excise of Scotland, which were referred to viates, should and might grant his or their Warrant for the Committee, it appears to what Purposes these Reve-the Payment of such Sums, as should be found due, to the nues were employed; and that the Commissioners of Commissioners of Equivalent for the Time being: Equivalent have had no Part of either of them.

That, by the same Act of the Sixth of her late Majesty That the Committee, having looked into the Abbre-Queen Anne, each Commissioner of the Equivalent should viates of the Customs and Excise, which were laid before have an Allowance of 300l. yearly, during his Continu- them, did examine John Crookjhanks Esquire, Comp-ance in the Administration thereof, in Consideration of troller General of the Customs of concerning the

their great Pains and Expence, and their being liable, in Abbreviates of the Customs: Who said, That the Abbre-their Persons and Estates, to the Parties having Interest, viates then before the Committee were the same which and to account to the Parliament of Great Britain for were delivered by the Commissioners of the Customs to their Administration: But, by an Act of the Twelfth of the Commissioners of Equivalent: her said Majesty, and by an Account, wherein the publick That, what each Branch of that Revenue did produce,

Debts of Scotland, mentioned in that Act, are particularly and what the Whole produced each Half-year, did appear let forth, it appears, That these Commissioners have got by these Abbreviates: That the great Inequality of the no Payment of their Salaries; and the Sum, tinted due to half-yearly Produces, one being below what the Customs them on the 24th June 1714, is 15,129/. 11 s. 3 id.of Scotland yielded before the Union, and another above over and above a Balance of 16,450/. 14s. 1 {d.then it, was the Cause, as he apprehended, why the Commit remaining in their Hands: And, by the same Act of the lioners of the Customs never certified any Increase due to Twelfth of her said Majesty, they are made accountable the Equivalent: That several Branches of the Customs for the said Balance, as being applicable to other Purposes were to have determined in and September,

preferable to their Salaries: And since the time of making 1710; and, by several subsequent Laws, are continued, up their Accounts with the Parliament, they have been and made perpetual: But the Commissioners of the Cuf-obliged to lay out of the said Balance, for Payment of the toms were not able exactly to distinguish the Uses, to necessary Charges of the Commission, the Fees' and Sala- which the Monies, levied upon these Branches, were ap-ries of their Servants, preceding the 24th June 1715, the plied; and therefore could never certify what was due.

Sum of 1,568/. 7 s.6d. which, by the said Act of the 6th by way of Equivalent, upon the Continuation of these of her said Majesty, was payable out of the first and rea- Branches.

died of the Money in the Hands of the said Commissioners, That the Committee, having looked into the Abbre-from time to time; whereby the Balance, formerly viates of the Excise, did observe, That nothing was cer* remaining in their Hands, is reduced to the Sum of tified due to the Equivalent upon any of those half-yearly 14,882/. 6s. 7 \d.;and the Debt due to them for their Abbreviates, except for the Half-year ending 29th Sep-Salaries is augmented to the Sum of 16,697/. 18s. g\d.tember 1708; and that, by the general Accounts for the over and above what remains of the said Balance; and the whole Seven Years, which was referred by the House to Salaries due to the said Commissioners, from 24th June the Committee, it appears, That, in each Year, there was 1714, to the 24th June 1715, amount to 2,738 /. 12 s.8 d.a net Increase; fove only in the last Year, which is charged which appear by Accounts ligned by the present Com- with the whole Arrears from the Commencement of the missioner3 of Equivalent: Union.

That there appears to be no Fund for supporting the It likewise appeared to the Committee, That, since the present Commission, until Payment or Provision is made Union, the Branches of the Revenue, which were unap-for the Equivalents due, and grow, ing due. propriated at the time of the Treaty, have been since

The Committee examined Mr. Campbell concerning the appropriated, feme for Payment of Debts due before the Accounts of the growing Equivalent, which were to have Union, and others for promilcuous Services: That all been made up and kept by the Commissioners of Equiva- the Branches, which were to have determined in Junet lent, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the August, and September, 1710, are further continued, by Trull to them committed: Who said, That he had been subsequent Acts of Parliament; those of tire Customs to Treasurer to the Commissioners of Equivalent since July Perpetuity; and that of the Excise for Ninety-eight 1707; and had, by their Allowance and Direction, de- Years: And that several new Duties have been imposed, manded from the Commissioners of the Customs and Ex- since the Union, for current Services, and for Payment cife, and from the other publick Offices, such Accounts of old Debts.

of the Produce of the Revenue under their respective That, by the aforesaid Act, of the Twelfth of Queen Managements, as appeared to the Commissioners of Anne, intituled, An Act to acquit and discharge the Corn-Equivalent to have been necessary towards making up missioners of Equivalent, 8$c. it appeared to the Commit-Accounts of the growing Equivalents: That no Accounts tee, That the Sum due to the Creditors of the Publick ill were delivered to the Commissioners of Equivalent, other Scotland, over and above the Balance of 16,450 /. 14$. if d* than Abbreviates of the Customs, and half-yearly Abbre- remaining in the hands of the Commissioners of Equiva-viates of the Excise: That in neither one or other the Sums lent on the 24th June 1714, did amount to 230,308 /. due by way of Equivalent were certified, save in One Ab- gs. 104 and that the Interest due thereupon since, to-breviate of Excise from the 25th March 1708 to the 29th gether with the Charges formerly mentioned to have been September following: The Commissioners of Excise say, paid out of the Commissioners of Equivalent, and the The Sum due, by way of Equivalent, is 1,927/. io$.; Salaries due to the Commissioners since that time, makes which Abbreviates Mr Campbelllaid before the Commit- up the publick Debt to 246,130/. 18#. 6 d. on the 24th tee: And further said, That the Commissioners of Equi- June 1715- And that, valent perceiving an Unwillingnefe in the several Officers LTpon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the of the Revenue to give such Accounts as were thought following Resolutions:

necessary, they, in several Memorials laid before the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Treasury, represented the Difficulties they were under That the Commissioners of Equivalent have fully proved with regard to the Accounts of the growing Equivalent, the Allegations and Fasts contained in their Petition, and the Hardlliips done them; who, notwithstanding their Resolved, That the Accounts, which have hitherto been being authorized by Parliament, vested with Commissions delivered by the Officers of the Revenue to the Commis-from the Crowm, and entrusted with the Execution of such sioners of Equivalent, do not distinguish the particular

Vol. 18. 3 Y Applications

66 11*: — 12° JugustL

Applications of Moftey, in such manner as may enable the said Commissioners to make up the Accounts of the Equivalent:

And, therefore at is their Opinion, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Settling of such Debts as are due, and growing due, by way of Equivalent, to Scotland and to make a Provision for Payment of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual listing and settling the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, that Payment may be made thereof, in the Terms of Union; and of an Act, of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money: And that Colonel Bladen, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Smith, Mr. and Mr.

Lornnds, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. 1715.

several Persons named in the said Account, as having received the said Charity-money: And also examined Witnesses, to prove Persons having worn the Cloaths given by Meredith's Charity; and also to some Persons coming

into the Borough by Certificate: And also examined Witnesses, to prove that several Persons who lived in the Borough, and were Housekeepers and Pot-wallers, offered to poll for the Petitioners, but were refused; and also, to some partial Proceedings, as was insisted, of the Mayor, and Mr. Yard, who was a Justice of Peace in the said Borough:

After which, the Petitioners Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Dtikt of Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, accord-Ormond’s ing to Order, a Bill to summon James Duke of Ormond Attainder. ren(]er himself to Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of high Treason: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Kennct Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make the River Navigation. Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Lord A Bill to summon Henry Viscount Bolingbrolce to ren-

Bolingbroke’s der himself to justice by a Day certain; of, in Default Attainder, thereof to attaint him of High Treason; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Taunton The House proceeded in the further hearing the Merits

Election. of the Election for the Borough of Taunton;

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioners Counsel insisted upon the disqualifying several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members, on account of their having received the Charities called the Town Charity (which is vested in Feoffees), and Meredith's Charity:

And a Book being produced, wherein is entered the Account of the Disposition of the Town Charity;

The Sitting Members Counsel objected to the said Book’3 being read as Evidence.

The Counsel on both Sides were heard thereunto.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Account of Jeffery Pyfng, Steward and Bailiff of the Lands and Tenements belonging to the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, from the Twenty-first Day of December 1713 to the Twenty-first of December 1714 (inserted in a Book, intituled, " An

" Account Book of the Profits of the Town Lands, 1683)-’' although not allowed and signed by the Feoffees, be admitted to be read as Evidence;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers Yeas, } 50.

Tellers for the Noes, cllmaiy: } 3°.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to disqualify

H

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccoks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Enlarging tha for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of Fuad, the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building was carried on at the Expence of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without Amendment. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Tanner's veiling the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerts, 12° die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tanner'# 1\ for vetting the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wynche’i to enable Sir Richard Wynche Baronet, and Estate. JVynche Esquire, only Son and Hen apparent of the said;

Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry Wynche shall marry, was read, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Hickman, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Sir 77

Morgan, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr Mr. Bruere,

Mr. Ward, Mr. MoleJworth, Mr. Mr. North,

Mr. Smith, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Rudge, Mr.

Mr. Medlycott, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Lade, Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Hill, Sir John Tyne hit, Sir John Ward,

Mr. London, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cater, Mr,

Pelham, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Dockminique, Mr,' Broderick, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Morice, Mr. York, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Barrington, , Mr. Herne, Sir Nich. Carezo, Mr.

Baker;and all that lerve for the Counties of Lincoln,

Bedford,

a Geo. I.

Courtenay's

Estate.

'Encouraging

Linen

Manufacture.

Enlarging South Sea Stock.

Lord

Bolingbroke’s

Attainder.

Kennet

Navigation.

Insolvent Debtors.

Supply Bill; Sale of Annuities.

Duke of

Ormonde’s

Attainder.

Encouraging Loyalty in Scotland.

i2° — ]

Bedford, Stafford, and Nottingham: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cater reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold j and, with the Monies arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same llfes; wus committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture in Great Britain and Ireland: And that Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Molesworth,a'nd Mr. Smith, of do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

3® AugUsti. 167

shall continue in the Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George, and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals,

Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there* for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, in- _ curred there, on any such account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Coningsby presented to the House, according v Palatine» to Order, a Bill for allowing a Time for Two hundred Nat* Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants: And the same was received. y

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock as the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred Twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to summon Henry Viscount Bolingbroke to render himselfto Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Nine hundred ten Thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be chargeable upon a lure Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament.

A Bill to summon James Duke of Ormonde to render himself to Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason; was read a Second time.}

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of1 the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoafe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging all Superiors,1 Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and

Vox.* 18.

Sabbati, 130 die Augusti j

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable the Right honourable William Lord Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to Mountjoy’s

take the Oath of Office, as he is Master of his Majesty’s office;1*8 °* Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, wa3 read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -worth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Monson, Mr. Gibbon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. ThMr. Sir Rich. (Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Lord her, Mr. Barrington, Sir Arthur Owen, Mr. Barlow, Mr. London, Sir Wm. Danes,

Mr. Broderick, Mr. Dawney, Lord Wm. Pozvlett, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Wyld, Colonel Cornwall, Sir Wm.

Mr. Chulmley, Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Hide, Sir Rich. Farington, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Gregory: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Rochester was presented to Earl of the House, and read; setting forth, That Letters having Rochester'i passed the Great Seal of Ireland, to constitute the Right office^*8^0* honourable Arthur Earl of Anglesea, and the Petitioner, to be his Majesty’s Vice Treasurer and Receiver General,

Paymaster General of all his Revenues and Profits what-l’oever, and to be Treasurer at War, in his Kingdom of If eland-, and that, by' reason of his present Service and Attendance in Parliament, cannot go into the said Kingdom, to qualify himself for the said Offices, as the Law directs: And praying, That a Bill may be brought to ea-able him to quality himself here in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to' whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable. William Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oath of Office, as he is Master of his Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable the said Earl of Rochester to qualify himself, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingfoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hennetg* to enable George Henneage Esquire, to fell the Rectory of North Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, and feme

Lands

2 68

13 — 15

August).

A. 1715,

Lands there; and for settling Rent-charges, of greater Value, in lien thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to

Lee’* Estate. Mr. Younge reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ldrds, intituled, An Act to enable Ridiard Lee, an Infant, with the Content of Trustees, to grant Leases of some Part ef his Estate, tiot-withstanding his Minority, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tire Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Liverpole . The Iloufe, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Church. Debate upon the Amendment made by the Committee, to whom the Bill for building and endowing'a Church upon the Site of the lateCastle of , held by Lease

from the Duchy of Lancas, was committed:

And the Qileftion being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, Clause A;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, 81 c. (Beaumaris):

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord i Mr. Walpole, according to Order, reported, from the Bolingbroke's Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Attain tr. summon Henry Viscount to render himself

to Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to' attaint him of High Treason; was committed; and the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; W’hich he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Regulating Mr. Chetwynd presented to the House, according to

Government* Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter

iu America. anj Proprietary Governments in , and of his Majesty’s Plantations: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Duke of The* House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

Ormonde’* House, upon the Bill to summon Duke of Ormonde

Attainder. tQ ren(jer himself to Justice by a Day certain; or, iu Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning.

Kennct An ingrossed Bill to make the River Kennet navigdble Navigation. froin Reading to New bury, in the County of Berks, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill; That the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any of them, upon the Complaint of George Blagrave Esquire, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to inquire, by a Jury, what Damages he shall sustain in his Mills, by reason of making the said River navigable; and to cause the Undertakers to make good such Damages:

The said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following Were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 1. L. To leave out " and P. 3-. L. To insert " the honourable John Smith " Esquire:"

P. 5. L. To insert " Richard Cooper P. 17. L. 7. After " aforesaid," to insert " full Costs " of Suit:"

L. 13. After " Damages," insert " and Costs L. 19. The same Amendment:

P. 18. L. 15. After " Miles," insert "next:"

L. 24. Instead of " Tenants," insert " Undertakers:"

And the Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: An 1 that the Title be, An Act to make the River Kent et navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Bei'ks.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Encouraging Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do Loyalty in and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Ma- Scotland, jesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors,

Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; be read the Second time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing the Tauutoa Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton; Election.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel opened their Evidence; and likewise examined Witnesses, to justify some of the Sitting Members Voters, which the Petitioners Counsel had objected to, and examined W itnesses against.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock-

Luna'y 150 die Augustt \

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A BILL for enlarging as well the capital Stock as the Enlarging yearly Fund of the South Sea Company; and for South Sea supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred twenty-two Stock, thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved,

2 Geo. I.

15° Angusti. 209

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

kinifters of Refilled, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Fifty new take into Confederation his Majesty’s most gracious Mel-Churches, fagCj relating to the Provision to be made for the Ministers who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches.

Palatine’s' 'S A Bill, for allowing a Time for Two hundred Thirteen Nat. Families of Protestant Pnow settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing ‘foreign v Protestants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulating A Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Governments Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Main. America. jesty’g Plantations, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tlje Bill be committed to Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Morice, Mr. Lyddall, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Smith, Sir 2no. Samuel, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. Low-

ther, Mr. Cater, Colonel Morton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Cockbum Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Nevill, Mr Pelham, Mr. Gybbon, Mx.Grant ham, Sir

rymple, Mr. Bayly, General Lumley, Mr. On/low: Andall that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Ditto. A Petition of Francis Lord Guilford, Guardian to Charles Lord Baltemore, a Minor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in this honourable House, intituled, A Bill for the better Regulation of the Charters and Proprietary Governments in America; and for the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and of his Majesty’s Plantations; whereby the said Minor’s Right and Property may be highly infringed: And praying, that this honourable House will take the Right of the said Lord Baltemore into Considerition, and receive a Clause for the Saving thereof; or otherwise admit the Petititioner to be heard, by his Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects the Right of the said Lord Baltemore.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America and of his Majesty’s Plantations; i6 committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon, if he shall think fit.

Lord Bo- An ingrossed Bill for the Attainder of Henry Viscount lingbroke’s Bolingbroke of High Treason, unlefe he shall render hiin-

Attainder. £|f to justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned, was read the Third time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j c^torton: } 98'

Tellers for the Noes, j "r'Frf’LiceJhr:} 23-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be, An Act for the Attainder of Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Treason' unless he shall render himself to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duke of Mr. Secretary Stanhope, according to Order, reported,

Ormond’s from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ttam er. jfljj to summon James Duke of Ormond to render himself to Justice by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to at-Vol. 18.

taint him of High Treason; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where they were, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England more useful, was read ufefJ,i.a mor* the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the BiH;

Pr. 5. L. 10. To insert " of Parliament:"

Pr. 7. L. To leave out " said," and insert " respective;" and, after " County," insert, " Riding,

" Division, City, or Place:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England more useful; and for obliging an annual Account to be made of Trophy-money.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for' encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Land- Encouraging lords, and Tenants, in Scotland who do and shall continue Loy*by in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; t)COt an ' and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, arid Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account j as aHo for calling any fuft pefted Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, upon the said Bill.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Sufferer* by House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Anne Milner, Tho. Fire in Colmore, William Hunt, JVtUiam Parrot, and others. Thame*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. eet‘

Mr. Lowther took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Insolvent Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Person*in whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of insolvent and Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen. y‘

Refihed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Bill; Morning (next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund, therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3Z

270 16° Augusti.

Martisy 16° die Augustt;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Lord "\/f Molesworthreported from the Committee, to

Mountjoy’s JLVJ. whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable

rSng William Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of

r ce' land, to take the Oath of Office, as he is Walter of his Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of and to

qualify himself in England for the legal enjoyment of the said Office, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

S curit of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

the King’s for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Go-

Person, Sec. vernment, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Tanner’s An iugrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Lowther, Lord

ningsby, Mr. TVyld, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Roll, Mr. Lyddall, Mr Jenkins, Lord JVm. P owlet t, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Barrington, Sir Richard FaringtonMr. Lon-

don, Mr. Godfrey, Mr GranMr. North, Mr. Strickland-, and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Security ef Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, the King’s to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further security of Person, See. j,;s Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Regulating A Petition of Henry Gouldnay, Joshua Gee, Sylvanus Governments Grove, an(j John Wood, in behalf of themselves, and of m. menca. john field and Thomas Oade, to whom, and to the Petitioners, the Province of PenJUvania is mortgaged for a considerable Sum of Money p and in behalf of William Penn, Proprietary Governor of the said Province; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in this honourable House, intituled, A Bill for the better Regulation of the Charters and Proprietary Governments in America, and for the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and of his Majesty’s Plantations; whereby the Right and Property of the said Proprietary, and said Mortgagees, will be much infringed: And praying, That this honourable House will take the Right of the said Proprietary, and said Mortgagees, into Consideration, and receive a Clause for the Saving thereof; or otherwise, admit the Petitioners to be heard by their Counsel, again!!

lb much of the said Bill as affects the Right of the said Proprietary and said Mortgagees.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, is committed: And that the Petitioners be^ heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

A Petition of Jeremiah Dummer, Agent for his Ma- Regulating jesty’s Provinces of the Massachusets Bay, and Connecticut, Governments was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That ia A-merica-there being a Bill depending for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations: That the Governments of the said Provinces of Massachusets Bay and Connecticut exercise their several Powers by Charter from the Crown; and that the said Governments have done nothing, whereby to forfeit the same; nor is there any thing alleged against them: That, in particular, the Government of Massachusets Bay is so far already under the Discrelion of the Crown, that the Crown doth appoint a Governor,

Lieutenant Governor, Secretary, Attorney General, and a Judge of the Court of Admiralty: And praying, That a Clause may be admitted, to save the Rights of the said Governments; or otherwise, to hear the Petitioner, by Counsel, in behalf of the said Governments Right; or, otherwise, to relieve them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Stephen Locke, William Smith, John Insolveni Peachy, James Bodford, Edward Keddon, Philip Titcher, P«rfons Benjamin Maynard, John Marsh, Samuel Rout, Elias naud, Trijlram Roberts, Stephen Ftilford senior, Robert Creichton, John May, Stephen Ful/ord junior, John Ful-ford, Alexander Calder, John Hamond senior, John Ha-mondjunior, John Atwick, Joseph Fox, Benjamin , and Ralph Longland, Tradesmen and Inhabitants of and in the Borough of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other trading Persons and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for many Years past, very large Credit has been given by the trading Inhabitants of the said Borough to great Numbers of Seamen, as well Inhabitants as others, that have, from time to time, been employed in the Royal Navy, when they, the said Seamen, have been without Payment of their Wages for sundry Years; w ithout which Credit, neither they themselves, nor their Families, could have subsisted; and, by reason whereof, there is actually due, at this time, to the Petitioners, from Seamen, divers and ~ sundry Sums of Money, amounting to several Thousand.

Pounds: That such Credit has been ul’ually advanced by the Petitioners to Seamen, upon the Security of Assignments on their Pay and Wages due for their Service performed on board such Ships to which they did or do belong; that being the only Means and Power they have, of securing and discharging the Debts by them so contracted: That, even at this very time, the Families of several Hundred Seamen, now in his Majesty’s Ships abroad, are actually sup ported by the Petitioners, upon the bare Expectation of having Securities, in the manner before-mentioned, from the said Seamen, at their Return:

That if the Wages, 8$c. of such Seamen, w ho are indebted to the Petitioners, should be exempted from Payment of their Debts, by any Law to be made and enacted for that Purpose, it will not only destroy the Property, and utterly ruin the Petitioners, and many other Traders in these Parts; the major Part of whose Substance has been applied to those Uses; but will also very highly affect

sundry

Sufferers by Fire in Thames-streeL

Duke of

Ormond's

Attainder.

Ministers of Fifty New Churches.

Taunton El eft ion.

x Geo. I. i6° — if August:. 271

sundry Tradesmen in London and other Parts, who have given Credit to the Petitioners on that very Head; and effectually destroy all future Credit to Seamen: And praying the y may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, is committed: And that the Peti-

Mercuriiy 1 y° die Augujii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715. Praters.

/A BI L L for allowing a Time for Two hundred and

A

Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to entitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the tioners be heard, before the Committee, thereupon; by Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing

Palatines

Nat.

their Counsel, if they think fit.

Mr. Lorcther, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Anne Milner, Tko. William Hunt,

William Parrot, and others, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read thougbout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to summon James Duke of Ormond to render himself to Justice, by a Day certain; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him of High Treason; was read the Third time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,

94-

22.

Lord

Mr. White:

Sir Geo. Beamont,

Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be, An Act for the Attainder of James Duke of Ormond of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

foreign Protestants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Lmcther, General Wade, Sir Thomas Cross, Mr. D'Gray, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Wurd, Mr. Pre-

man, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Barrington, Sir Richard

ton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Drake, Mr. Monson, Mr. lon, Sir Richard Steel, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr

Lord Stanhope, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Farrer, Colo-

nel Morgan, Mr. Bruere, Mr. Butler, Sir Jof. Jekyll,

Mr. Smith, Mr Bertie, Sir 1'ho. Scarcen, Mr. Secretary

Stanhope, Mr. London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Lord Moont-Wm. Lord Viscount Mountjoy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, *c* to take the Oath of Office, as Mailer of his Majesty’s for Office*. Ordnance in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of Rochester, and William Lord Viscount Mountjoy, in

the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oaths of Office for their respective Offices in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of their said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Molefvorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from hearing the Matter of the Petition of Robert Honywood Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Essex, during this Session of Parliament.

F.fTex

EltAion.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Cqnsideration his Majesty’s most gracious Message, relating to the Provision to be made for the Ministers, who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches:

And his Majesty’s said Message was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty for the Ministers, who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster-,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel examined several Witnesses to justify several other of the Voters, which the Petitioners Counsel had objected against.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 18.

The Lord Wm. Powlett reported from the Committee, DnnMher'. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dummer Gentleman, of some Part, and for vesting other Part of the Estate of John BromfeiUl Esquire, in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made with Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts: and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the said Articles; and for making the reby, and by other Means in the Act mentioned, some Provision for the said John Bromfeild, and Anne his Wife, and their Issue; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follows: viz.

Pr. 7. L. 36. After " Sons," add " and One Daugbter:"

L. 38. Leave out the Word " and L. 39. After " Brotnfeild," add " and Johanna " Bromfeild"

Pr. 12. L. 22. After " agreed," add " to be Pr. 15. L. 9. After " Thirteen," add " and the Conveyances respectively made of the said Lands and Pre

" mises unto, or in Trust for, the said Edmund Dummer "

L.

t

273 170 — 18° Augusti. 1715.

Leverpose

Church.

Sufferers by Fire in Thames-Mrett*

Supply Bill; Sale of Annuities.

L. 27. After " said," add "

L. 28. After their," add " respective L. 29. After " and, " add " allb L. 31. Leave out " only:"

Pr. 24. L. 7. After " Children," add " equally, r< Share and Share alike

L. 13, 14- Leave out " equally. Share and " Share alike

Pr. 27. L. 26, After " aforesaid," add Clause marked A; which is as followeth;

" And whereas the Sum of Fifty Pounds principal " Money, with Interest for the same at the Rate of Six " Pounds per Cent, per Annumis due and owing from " the said John Bromfeild to the Overseers of the Poor " of the said Parish of Bolder, for the Use, Benefit, and " Behoof, of the Poor of the said Parish; It is hereby

further Enacted and Declared, That, from and after " the Payment of the several Mortgages, Debts, and " Charges, afore-mentioned, the said principal Sum of " Fifty Pounds, together with all Interest which is and " shall grow due for the fame, iha.ll be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, in full Discharge " of the said Debt, out of the Monies which shall arise, " and remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, by Sale " of the Premifies to be made by virtue of this A9.; the " said principal Sum and Interest to be applied to the " Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish

L. 42. After " Trust," add " and the said

Fifty Pounds, with Interest

Pr. 30. L. 17. Leave out " said."

An ingossed Bill for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Callle of Leverpole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. L. 2. To insert " Eleventh Years:"

Pr. 5. L. To leave out " an," and insert " the " said:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Castle of Lecerpole, held by Lease frQm the Duchy of Lancaster; and for explaining a former Act for the building another Church there.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Johnson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colmore, William Hunt, William Parrot, and others,

as to Customs for Goods burnt or destroyed by the late Tire in Thames-street, London, was read die Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Tho. Colmore, William Hunt, William Parrot, and others, as to Customs for Goods burnt or destroyed by the late Fire in Thames-street, London.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale erf1 Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be chargeable upon a fore Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That the Committee may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said' Bill.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morn- Minifon of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Flfty n#w House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, for Churches' a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making Provision for the Ministers, who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Insolvent night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtor*, to consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Enlarging ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole South Sen House, upon the Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock. Stock, as the yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company: and for supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- insolvent ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Persons in House, upon the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers,

Soldiers, and Seamen. ^y*

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell, Mr. Munro, Mr. vvynch’* Reynell, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Smith, EiUt*. Lord Wm. Pozolett, Mr. Western, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard Wynch Baronet, and Humphry Wynch Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynch, to settle a Jointure upon

such Woman as the said Humphry Wynch shall marry:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Au;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ‘An Act Courtenay* for veiling certain Manors and Lands in the Coun- Eftau. ties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of SirWilliam Courtenay Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cater do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LeeV, to enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Consent of Eftau. Trustees, to grant Leases of some Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby was presented to the insolvent House, and read, letting forth, That the Petitioner hav- Persons in ing suffered many Losses, and laboured many Years un- Army and der many Oppressions, from the Grand Duke of Tuscany, -avy* by his seizing at Rome, assisted by the Pope, Williant Plowman, One of the Petitioner's Partners in a Copartrfer-ship at Leghorne, begun in 1690, to gratify the French King; and afterwards by keeping the said Plow-

man

iTMtiTiriitif ~:

2 Geo. I. 18 Augus 173

man in a Dungeon, at Florence, 32 Months, and arrest- Governments in America-, and for the Encouragement of ing, in his Name, the Effects of the Copartnership, and the Trade of this Kingdom, and of his Majesty’s Planta-others, not only at Leghorne, but elsewhere: That the tions: That the Petitioner is advifod, the Right and Petitioner, in the Life-time of King William, and the late Interest of the said Lord Craven will be considerably Queen, found many favourable Resolves against, the said prejudiced, in case the said Bill should pals into a Law: Grand Duke; but all having proved ineffectual, the Pe- And praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, titioner, having attended above 17 Years, is reduced touching the Right of the said Lord Craven, that some to the lait Extremity, and hath a long time been con- proper Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for prefined to his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet: And praying serving the fame; and that such Care may be taken of the to give Leave for a Clause to be brought in, on his laid Lord Cravens Estate therein ..... behalf, into the Bill for the Relief of Sea and Land Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Officers, fife, being Debitors. sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Goto whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Sol- vemments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, diers, and Seamen, is committed, That they have Power is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said Sir Alexander Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if he think Rigby, according to the Prayer of his Petition. fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Woollen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manufacture, to make an Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging of the Woollen Manufactures of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and also, to render more effectual an Act, of the Eleventh Year of her said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York-, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Insolvent A Petition of Francis Benjamin

Armband Orlebar Fletcher, Jojhrn Green, and Samuel Green, w as

Navy.*1" presented to the House, and read, letting forth. That

the Petitioners having given large Credit to Officers in the Army, to supply them -with Necessaries, until l'uch time as their Pay became due; otherwise great Numbers of them could not in any manner have subsisted, who were to be paid as their Pay became due; several of the said Officers agreed with their Creditors to pay them by certain Sums each Muster-day; when they have been abroad, they have revoked that Agreement, and would allow nothing towards their Debts; should the Officers be relieved by the Bill now depending, from paying their just Debts, it tvould be a very great Hardship upon Persons that have credited them, to be Sufferers, whilst many of the said Officers are spending their Creditors Monies, in a very profligate manner: The many Difficulties and Hardships the trading Part of this Nation hath lain under, by bad Debts and large Taxes, during the late Wars: It is hoped they may not be Sufferers by the Persons they have helped to support, when there was never any Probability of their ever being paid, but out of their Pay; which they are as well able to comply with now, as when they came to be credited: And praying to take their same into Consideration, to prevent their being deprived of their just Debts; and that they may be beard against the said Bill, by themselves, or Counsel, before it passeth into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Regulating A Petition of Sir Fulwar Slcipwith Baronet, Guardian Governments of William Lord Craven, an Infant, of about the Age in America. §jxteen Years was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the said William Lord Craven is, by virtue of several Grants and Charters, under the Great Seal of England, intitled to a considerable Part or Share of the Territories and Tracts of Ground in and the Ba-

hama Islands, in America: That a Bill is now passing, for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary You 18.

A Petition of James Bertie and Doddington Grevile Regulating Esquires, Guardians of Henry Duke of Beaufort, was Government* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the in Amenca> laid Henry Duke of Beaufort is, by virtue of several Grants

and Charters, tinder the Great Seal of England, intitled to a considerable Part or Share of the Territories and Tracts of Ground in Carolina and the Islands, in America: That a Bill is now passing for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America-, and for the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and of his Majesty’s Plantations: That the Petitioners are advised, the Right and Interest of the said Duke of Beauf ort will be considerably prejudiced, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, touching the Right of the said Duke, that some proper Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for preserving the same; and that such Care may be taken of the said Duke’s Estate therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the fur- Taunton ther hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough Heftnm, of Taunton:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel examined several Witnesses, to justify several other of the Voters, which. the Petitioners Counsel had objected against; and also insisted, That all such Persons as were of that Part of the Parish of St.Mary Magdalen, in Taunton, which lies without the Borough, and come into the Borough, and boil a Pot, before the Teste oi the Writ for electing Members to serve in Parliament, have a Right to vote at such Elections; and examined several Witnesses touching the fame:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses, in Contradiction thereof:

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard thereto.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Persons living in that Part of the Parish of Mary Magdalen, in the Town of Taunton, which lies out of the Limits of the Borough of Taunton, who, at any time before the issuing Writs for calling a new Parliament, take a Room, and boil a Pot, within the said Borough of Taunton, do thereby acquire a Right of voting in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Reiblution.

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses, to justify other Voters which the Petitioners Counsel had objected against.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

4 A Ordered,

Lord Boling* brake’s Attainder.

Duke of

Ormond's

Attainder.

Minehead Election.

Regulating Government in America.

Dummer's

Estate.

Wyucbt'n Mat*.

174 18° — r 90 Augusti. . 1715.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of James Duke of Ormond of High Treason, unless he (bail render himself to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of M'mehead be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vinerts I90 die Augusti;

Anno Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Partridge, in behalf of the Inhabitants of the Colony of Rhode and ProvidencePlantation, in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That whereas there is a Bill for the Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, which, the Petitioner is informed, will affect the said Colony of Rhode Island (for which your Petitioner is concerned:) That thereby their Charter may become void: That the said Inhabitants having their Charter granted them by King Charles the Second, whereby they have the Privilege of choosing their Governor, Council, 8$c. and have defended the Colony ever since, at their own Expence, from the French and Indian Enemy, and always behaved themselves with great Submission to the Crown of Great Britain, and never in the least (that the Petitioner hath heard of) given any Suspicion of their abuling those Privileges they have been favoured with from their Sovereign: And praying, That a Clause may be admitted, to save the Rights of the said Government; or to hear the Petitioner, by Counsel, in their behalf.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty s Plantations, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if he think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dimmer Gentleman,- of some Part, and for veiling other Part, of the Estate of John Bromjcild Esquire, in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the said Articles; and for making the reby, and by other Means in the Act mentioned, tome Provision for the said John Bromfcild, and Anne his Wife, and their Ilfue; was

read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir John Brownlow reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard Wynch Baronet, and Humphry

Wynche Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry Wynche shall marry, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 6. L. 38. After the Word "to,"add "the King’s "most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and."

Mr. Cholmly presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for the Improvement of the Breed of Horses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That the said Committee having, pursuant to their Orders and Powers given to them by this House, proceeded to examine Thomas Harley Esquire, who was sworn by such Members of the said Committee as are Justices of Peace for the County of Middle fax, and City of Westminster; and the Committee conceiving, that the said Mr. Harley had very much prevaricated in his Examination, the said Committee hacl directed, That some Extracts of Letters, relating to the said Mr. Harley, which gave Occasion to the said Examination; and likewise a Copy of the Depo-lition of Mr. Harley; should be laid before the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: And the said Extracts of Letters, and Deposition, are as follows; viz.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. John, to the Lords Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, 16° Februarii 1

THO’ I have a great deal more to say, in order to explain clearly to your Lordships the present Situation of the Queen’s domestick Affairs, and the Measures which lhe proposes your Lordships should pursue towards effecting your great Work, under all the Difficulties which are thrown in the Way, that can be contained in the Com-pals of a reasonable Letter; yet I should, by this Messenger, have entered into all that Detail, had not the Ile-solution been taken, of finally inlirufting Mr. Harley on Monday, in the View of dispatching him on

It were to be wished, that this Gentleman could have been lboner lent both to Utrecht and to Hanover; but the Hurry which we have been for some time in is inexpressible; and he was too useful to be spared, till the House of Commons wasperfeftly secured to the Queen’s Interest, and to the Measures of Peace: I think, I may say, that they are absolutely to now.

Your Lordships will have this Matter fully opened to you by Mr. Harley.

Extract of a Letter from the Lords Plenipotentiaries to Mr. Secretary St.John, 50 March 1712, N. S.

YOUR Favour, of the 16th pall, under your own Hand, give us Hopes of seeing Mr. Harley here very loon; and of receiving by him such’ Orders as may enable us to fix on something more certain than hitherto we could do.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary St. John to the Lords Plenipotentiaries, 4° March, 17-^-.

I FIND your Lordships, in the private Letter of the 5th of this Month, which you honoured me by Couchman, under some Impatience for the Arrival of Mr. Harley; and I am very for from wondering at you for it; since, in your present Situation, you run the llifque of having the Game taken out of your Hands by others, and are in no fort able to play it on, yourselves: This evil Circuinftance will

now

Breed of Horses.

Commute# of Secrecy — Mr. Harley Conduct.

a Geo. I.

19° Augusti.

275

now be very soon cured; Mr. Harley goes away Tomorrow; and your Lordships will be much better informed of the Queen’s Intentions by what lie will have the Honour to fey to you, than you could poffibiy have been by Ten Rheams of written Inllructions.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. St. John to Monfieurrfe Torcy Secretary of State to the French King, the 4th of March 17-^, O. S.

I should be ashamed, Sir, to have fb long deferred answering your Letters, if I did not believe I was able to allege, in my Justification, a good Reason; and which you will not disapprove: In a word, I was willing to write to you with Certainty; and, for that End, I was obliged to fray till the Ministers of the Emperor, and of the lte-publick of Holland, had more openly shewn their Game; till the necessary Dispositions were made among our People at home; and, in short, till the Queen had taken the only llesolution, which could bring us, in a little time, to a good and solid Peace.

I have now the Satisfaction to tell you, that this Resolution is taken; and that Mr. Harley will set out this Evening, or Tomorrow Morning, with the final I aft ructions of the Queen to her Plenipotentiaries.

You will give me Leave to refer myself to the Sieur Gaultier, to explain to you more at large the Subje# of this Gentleman's Commission; and what the Queen hopes his most Christian Majesty will do, to co-operate with her.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. St. John to the Lords Plenipotentiaries, 2b* March 1712.

Mr. Harley is, I make no Doubt, long before this, with your Lordships; and I hope he has fully explained the Queen's Defifes and Views to you; at least he is as amply instructed in them, as I am able to inform him: The Conduct of this Matter is in so good Hands, that I am hopeful an answerable Event may be expected.

Extra# of a Letter from the Lords Plenipotentiaries to Mr. St.John, 6° April 1712.

Mr. Harley has been here these Three Days; and Yesterday Mr. G r came to lee us, having arrived

the Night before.

Extra# of a Letter from the Lords Plenipotentiaries to Mr. St. John, 8° April 1712.

OUR lafi, of the 6th, acquainted you, that some People had been disappointed, that Day, in their Expectations of breaking this Congress; which we hope may be carried on, and produce the good Effects intended.

That Evening, after we had received ample Informations from Mr. Harley, and all’o spoken with Mr. Gaultier, we had a long Conference with the French Plenipotentiaries, upon the Project that was sent you the 22d; w hereof we again iuclofe a Copy, with such Remarks, as, after all we could urge, the French Ministers insisted on.

The Fifteen per Cent, they w ill by no means allow to extend to other Goods than l'uch as come into Spain, in order to be transported into America.

Mr. Harley thinks it may be requisite to let fall that whole Pretension, and settle Commerce on the Foot it stood in the time of King Charles the lid of and

that the only Use w-e need make of the Fifteen per Cent. is to get something for it another Way; which we shall be glad to hear from you; for, in that Cafe, our Work with the Dutch will become a good deal ealier.

Copy of the Examination of Thomas Harley Esquire, taken before the Right honourable Hugh Bofcawen Esquire, Comptroller of his Majesty’s Houshold, and one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middltjejc, at the (Committee of Secrecy.

THE F.xaminant laith, That when he was first sent abroad, in or about March 1 ~x^-, he w-as lent by the Queen’s express commands, w ho was pleased to speak, herl'clf, very particularly to him: That her Majesty, ordered the Secretary of State to make such Powers . as were necessary to be given to him, but would make Vol. 18.

it ealy to him, and without any Formality: That di- Committee regions were given for full Powers, which this Exatni-nant left in the Office, where he thought they would be CondudL most fate: That he never received any Powers, nor ever few them; but, at his own Choice, went abroad without Powers: That the Queen ordered, That this Examinant should have an Account of the State of Affairs, to be communicated by him to such Persons as he was to discourse with abroad: That he received, from several Offices, several Papers, relating to the Revenue, and other Matters, touching the then Situation of Affairs; from which the Queen was pleased to order him to inform himself as well as he could, that he might be able to explain himself when he went; and in particular, when he came to die Hague, he was to give the Pensionary an Account of the State of Affairs, and to use the be it Arguments he could, to liaften the Peace: But he does not know whether, he has any of those Papers now by him; and does not remember, that he had any particular Instructions for himself, except from those Papers, but what he received from the Queen’s own Mouth; the Particulars whereof he cannot at present charge his Memory with, except as above-mentioned: That he did not produce, at the Hague, or at Utrecht, any credential Letters from the Queen, or any of her Ministers: That he had no Orders to transa# or negotiate any thing relating to the Peace, with any foreign Minister; and that he did not transact, in any manner, with any foreign Minister: That he did not, to his Knowledge, carry over any Plan, Proje#, or Scheme of a Peace; and that he did not traqfa# any thing at Utrecht with Abbot Gaultier, nor confer with him either there or before he went from England: That he does not remember he had any Orders from the Queen, or any of her Ministers, relating to the Fifteen Pounds per Cent.; and that he doth not remember, that he did signify any Orders to the Queen’s Plenipotentiaries concerning it; and that he does not remember any thing at all about the Fifteen Pounds per Cent.: That he staid in till he

had the Queen’s Order to go forward, signified by the Secretary of State: That he received several Letters whilst he was abroad; but from whom, in particular, he cannot remember; and that he wrote several Letters; but to whom he cannot remember; and that he doth not know', that he has cither Copies, or Originals, of any Letters that he either wrote or received: That he had no settled Allowance or Appointment; but, at his first going over the first time, he spent his own Money, which the Queen was afterward pleased to order should be allow ed him: That, the first time he went abroad, he received under Three thousand Pounds; and, in both Journies together, he received, in all, about Five thousand Five hundred Pounds; and that what he received, the Queen ordered for his Expences, and the Trouble he had been at: That nobody negotiated any Money for him upon the publick Account, but Mr. Decker', and that he does not remember, that he had any publick Money, but for his own Expence; which did not, in the Whole, exceed the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds.

T. Harley.

Jurat 21° Junii 1715°, coram me,

Hugh Boscawcn.

Ordered, That Thomas Harley Esquire, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, having prevaricated when he w as examined at the Committee of Secrecy, pursuant to the Order of the Fifteenth of fall, be committed Prisoner to the Prison of the Gate house: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, relating to the Examination of Harley

Esquire, bc printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printer thereof: And that no other Person prel’ume to print the same.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Floufe resolved itself into a Committee of the Encouraging

whole Moufe, upon the Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Loyalty m

Vallals, Scotland.

190 — 20° Augusti. . 1715.

Security of the King's Person, &c.

Supply Bill; Sale of Annuities.

Enlarging South Sea Stock.

Making Militia more useful.

Commissioners for Army Debts.

Wynche’i

Estate.

Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for ditcouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be, incurred there on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for raising Nine hundred Ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, alter the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be chargeable upon a lure Fund therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock as the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company; and for Supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred Twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Britain called England more useful; and for obliging an annual Account to be made of Trophy-money; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew'. n

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army: And the same was received.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20° Augusti;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pn AYERS.

AN ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard Wynche Baronet, and Hum-

phry Wynche Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Rickard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry Wynche shall marry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Brownlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take in- Security of to Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the King’s the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his PerfoD> &Ci Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of [the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince oiWales, and his open and secret Abettors:

And the same were read; and are as follows;

Pr. tft. L. 28. After rtand," iufert "the:"

L. 30. After " and, " insert " for

L. 35. Leave out "Oaths," and insert "Oath:"

Pr. 2. L. 1. Leave out " aforesaid :"

L. 4. After "and," insert " for:"

L. 12. After the 2d "and," insert " of:"

Pr. 4. L. f>. After " Persons," insert " Heads or " Governors, of what Denomination lbever, and ;" and, after " all," insert " other :"

L. 7. Leave out " or Mastersand, after " Halls," leave out " or Classis:"

L. 9. After " Foundation," insert " or that " do or shall enjoy any Exhibition :"

L. 16. After " Solicitor," insert " Writer in " Scotland

Pr. 5. L. 11. After " Third, ’’ insert " or of Scotland,

" by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Stile and " Title of King of Great Britain

L. 29. After " which," insert " Succession L. 36. Leave out " the," and insert " these:"

Pr. 6. L. 2. Leave out " or make :"

L. 3. After " or," insert " if he cannot write,

" shall make his:"

L. 16. Before " make," insert " if he cannot

" write:"

L. 26. After " within," insert "that Part of;" and, after "Britain," insert " called England:"

L. 33. After " Persons," insert " Heads or " Governors, of w hat Denomination loever, and;" and after " all," insert " other," and leave out " or Masters

L. 34. Leave out " or Classis."

L. 35. After " Foundation," insert " or that " do or shall enjoy any Exhibition

Pr. 7. L. 1. After " whatsoever," insert "within " that Part of Great Britain called :"

L After " the," insert " Person and, after " pretended," insert " to be;" and after " Wales," insert " during the Life of the late King James, and " since his Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon " himself the Stile and Title of, King of England, by the " Name of James the Third; or, of Scotland, by the " Name of James the Eighth; or the Stile and Title of " King of Great Britain:"

Pr. 8. L. 12. Leave out "for making," and insert " to make:"

L. 27. After " in," insert " the:"

Pr. 9. L. 33. After " Scotland," insert " intituled,

" An Act concerning the Election of Commissioners for " Shires

Pr. 11. L. 12. After " Assizes," insert "upon Prosecution before:"

L. 30. After " Sessions," insert " or Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary:"

Pr. 12. L. 6. After " Justices of Peace," insert "or " any other Person or Persons, who shall be by his Majesty for that Purpose specially appointed, by Order " in the Privy Council, or by Commission under the " Great Seal:"

L. 9* After " whatsoever," insert " whom " they shall or may suspect to be dangerous, or disaffefted to his Majesty, or his Government:"

L. 11.

a Ge(x I.

a o° Augusti.

L. 11. After " Ju dices," insert " or any other Person or Persons specially to be appointed, as afore- laid

L. 21. In the Interlineation, leave out " or;" and, after ‘‘ Sessions," insert " or Court of Judiciary

L. 35. After " Justices of Peace," insert " or " any other such Person or Persons, w ho diall be, by his Majesty, for that Purpose, specially appointed by " Order in the Privy Council, or by Commission under " the Great Seal

Pr. 13. L. 1. After " Justices," insert " or any other Person or Persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid: ’

L. 2. After " Justices," insert " or any other " Person or Persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid

L. 10. After " Sessions," insert " the Names of the Persons l'o certified being publickly read at the First Meeting of the said Sessions

L. 19. Leave out the Second " or L. 20. After " Sessions," insert " or Court of Judiciary

L. 24. Before " Member," insert " Head

or:"

L. 27. After " Foundation," insert " or that " do or shall enjoy any Exhibition

L. 31. After " Act," irifert " or to produce " a Certificate thereof, under the Hand of feme proper Officer of the respective Court, and cause the same to " be entered in the Register of such College or Hall within One Month after his having taken and subscribed " the said Oaths

L. 32. Before " Member," insert " Head

" or:"

L. 34. Before " Member," insert " Head

« or:"

L. 41. After " Great Seal," insert " or Sign " Manual:"

L. 42. After " Person," insert " qualified according to the local Statutes of such College or Hall:" Pr. 14. L. 10. After " Universities," insert " or other " Person or Persons lawfully authorized to admit:"

L. n. After " refuse," insert " or neglect:"

L. 12. After " Great Seal," insert " or Sign " Manual:"

L. 13. After " aforesaid," insert " by the " Space of Ten Days after such Admission, shall be " demanded of him or them who ought to make such " Admission:"

Pr. 14. L. 14. After "then," insert " and, in such " case, the local Visitor or Visitors of such College or " Hall is thereby authorized and required to admit and place such Person so nominated and appointed, to such " Place as he shall be nominated to, as aforesaid, within " the Space of One Month after the same shall be demanded of such Visitor: And in case such Visitor shall " neglect or refuse to admit, as aforesaid, during the " Space of One Month after the same is lawfully de- tnanded of such Visitor, that then:"

L. 18. and 19. Leave out " Head of such " College or Hall," and insert " Visitor or Visitors:" L. 34. Leave out " or beyond the Seas ;" and after the Second " or," insert " to any Person whatlo-ever:"

L. 35 and 36. Leave out " Service:"

L. 36. and 37. Leave out " Twenty-ninth Day " of September," and insert " First Day of November'

Pr. 15. L. 11. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " and" in the 29th Line; and insert " inllead of the Oath of Abjuration, which before by Law ought to have been taken u in such manner, and together with such other Oaths, " and Declaration against Transubstantiation, as the said " former Oath of Abjuration ought to have been taken :" Pr. 16. L. 25; After " Sessions," insert " or Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary:"

Vol. 18.

in his Majesty’s

tt

tt

if

if

a

11

a

ft

D

ft

it

it

ft

it

ft

it

it

tt

it

tt

tt

ft

it

it

tt

a

ft

tt

tt

tt

it

a

a

a

tt

tt

tt

tt

it

tt

tt

it

it

tt

tt

tt

it

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

t

a

tt

tt

tt

a

it

it

ft

tt

'«77

L. 32. After " Deputies," insert " and such Deputy or Deputies shall qualify him or themselves:"

Pr. 17. L. 1. After " do," insert " likewise:"

L. 5. After " Signet," insert " provided, that no Office of Inheritance in Scotland shall be forfeitable, otherwise than according to the Laws now in Force there:"

L. 2t. After " Parliament," insert< " unlefe by reason of such Persons having feme new Office or Employment, or his coming hereafter under feme of the Qualifications which require the taking the Oaths before-mentioned, by virtue of this Act, or any other Law now in being:" And then add Clauses A, B, C,

E, and F:

Clause A: " Provided always, and be it Declared and Enacted, That all Persons whatsoever, who, by virtue of any Law now in being, are or would be obliged, if this Act was not hpd or made, to receive the Sacrament according to the Usage of the Church of England, and to make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation, or either of them, on any Occasion whatsoever, shall continue obliged, in all such Cases, to receive the said Sacrament, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, together with the Oaths appointed by this Act, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, in case of Neglect, as is required by any former Law:"

B: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by tli e Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall, on or before the First Day of -December next, take and subscribe the Oaths, in such manner as is appointed in this Act, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation, in those Cafes -where the Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, and has been neglected, shall lie, and are hereby, indemnified from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred by any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the Oaths, or receiving the Sacrament, or subscribing the aforesaid Declaration, according to any former Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust; and is, are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as before such Neglect or Omission:"

Clause C: " Provided also, That all and every Person, who has, at any time, since his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, taken the Oaths, and taken and subscribed the Abjuration, and also subscribed the \ Declaration, and received the Sacrament, in such Cases where the Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been subscribed according to any Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust, shall likewise be, and are hereby, indemnified, as aforesaid, though the same has not been within the time appointed by Law D: " Provided always, That no Person or Persons,. who, by reason of any such Neglect or Omission, hath or have left or forfeited any Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment, whatsoever, to which any other Person or Persons hath or have been preferred or promoted, shall be restored to such Office, Benefice, Place,- Digriity, or Employment; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding :"

E: " Provided always, That any Person or Persons, who shall become Popish Recusants convict, by virtue of any thing in this Act contained, and shall, at any time thereafter, take and subscribe the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and subscribe the Afiure-ance, in such manner, and in such Place, as is appointed by this Act, shall be, and are hereby, from such time, discharged from such Conviction F: " Provided always, That the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, in this Act contained, shall, in all 4 B " Cafes,

Security of the King’s Person, &c.

«78

" Cafes, be taken to be in Keu of the Oath of Abjuratieo, and the Affuraoce, formerly appointed

At the End of the BHl, add, " and that the Indemnities above-mentioned be, and are hereby, extended to " the said Kingdom of Ireland"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to

the lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Importing The Lords have agreed to tlfo* Bill, intituled, An Act Fish. for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Prefer-vation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers of this Kingdom; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. AHo,

Lord Mount- The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An Act j°y *'*£C* to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of for Office ar>d William Lord Viscount Mount joy, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oaths of Office for their respective Offices in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of their said Offices, w ithout any Amendment And also,

Wynche’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by *'*ate’ this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Richard IVynche Baronet, and Humphry JVynche Esquire, only Son and Heir apparent of the said Sir Richard JVynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry JVynche shall marry.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Importing The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Fish. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers of this Kingdom:

And the same were read; and are as follows;

Prels 1. L. 3. After " Fishery," insert " in that Part;" and, after " Kingdom," insert " called

L. 30. After " in," insert that Part ofand, after " Kingdom," insert " called

Pr. 2. L. 42. After " of," insert " that Part of L. 43. After " Britain," insert " called Pr. 4. L. 6. After " Shore," insert " in that Part of " Great Britain called England

Pr. 7. L. 37. Instead of " River" insert " Rivers At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked A:

A: " Provided, That this Act, or any thing herein " contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, 11 to any ancient Wears or Locks upon any Rivers; but , " that it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietors or

" Owners thereof to repair, maintain, rebuild, remove, " or take dow-n, any of the said Wears or Locks, as they " might have done, in case this Act had not been made: In the Title of the Bill, last Line, after in," insert ° that Part of;" and, after " Kingdom," insert " called " England

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gyhbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Henneage’i Sir John Brownlaw reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Hemteage Esquire to fell the Rectory of

17x5,

North Willingherm, in the Cotmty of Lincoln, and feme

Lands there; and for settling Rent-charges, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pafc.

Ordered, That Sir John Brozvnlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, Commis-state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was fioner* for read the First time. Army Debt*,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope, according to Order, reported Encouraging from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the g^Uanili* Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King ;and for

discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Prustices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also, for calling any suspected Person or Persons in Scotland to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; was committed; the Amendments they had"directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause A:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A: " And, for the better securing the Peace of " the Kingdom. Be it further Enacted and Ordained,

" That the respi ftive Lieutenants in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlaiidihaW, over and above their Power " of commanding the Militia, and Fenfible Men, and " constituting Deputy Lieutenants, and other Officers, be " hereby enabled and authorized, by themselves, or any " Two or more of their Deputies, to grant Warrants under their Hands and Seals, appointing such Person or " Persons as they shall think fit, of which a Commissioned Officer, and the Constable, or his Deputy, or, in the " Absence of the Constable, and his Deputy, feme other " Person bearing Office within the Shire or Stewarty

" w’here the Search.....shall be Two, to search for, and

" seize, all Arms, Ammunition, and other warlike Stores,

" in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons,

" whom the said Lieutenants, or any Two or more of " their Deputies, shall judge dangerous to the Peace of " the Kingdom; and to secure such Arms, Ammunition,

" or other warlike Stores, for the publick Service; and " thereof, from time to time, to give Accounts to " the said respective Lieutenants, and, in their Absence,

" or otherwise by their Directions, to their Deputies, of " any Two or more of them; provided, that no such " Search be made in any House or Houses between Sunsetting and Sun-rising, other than in Cities, and their " Suburbs, Boroughs Royal, Boroughs of Regality, and " of Barony; where it shall and may be lawful to search " in the Night-time, by Warrant as aforesaid, if the " Warrant shall so direct; and that no Dwelling-house of " any Peer of this Realm be searched by virtue of this " Act, but by immediate Warrant from his Majesty un-M der his Sign Manual, or in the Presence of the Lieutenant, or One of the Deputy Lieutenants, of the same ‘‘ Shire or Stewarty: And that, in all Places and House6

" whatsoever

30* Ang

4 Geo. I.

*7$

H whatsoever, where Search is to Be made, as aforesaid,

" it shall and may be lawful, in case of Resistance, to enter " by Force; and that the Arms, so seized, may be restored * to the former Owners again, if the said Lieutenants,

or, in their Absence, as aforesaid, their Deputies, or any Two or more of them, shall so think fit. And be it further Enacted, That all Magistrates, and other Officers, within the said Shires or Stewarties, Cities, Bo- roughs, or Places aforesaid, be, and are hereby required to be, aiding and assisting to the said respective Lieute-u nants, and their Deputies, or any of them, in Execution " of the Premisses; and that all and every Person and " Persons, who shall act or do any thing in Execution

thereof, shall be hereby saved harmless and indemni- fied;" being read a Second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, distigreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person, who may reap any Benefit by the Attainder or Forfeiture of any Person by virtue of |his Act, shall be a Witness against any Person, by whole Forfeiture any Benefit may accrue to such Witness:

And the said Clause was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Royal a (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, *o Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Seven publick, and Six private Bills;

An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Publick, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilftthat Building was carried on at the Expence of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for making the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England more useful; and for obliging an annual Account to be taken of Trophy-money:

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for Extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and focret Abettors:

An Act for the Attainder of Henry Viscount Bolingbroke of High Treason, unless he shall render himself to ' Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned:

An Act for the Attainder of James Duke of Ormond of High Treason, unless he shall surrender himself to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned:

An Act to make an Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Regulating, Improving, and Encouraging, of the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act, of the Seventh Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloths made in the County of York:

Vo i.. 18.

An Act for the better preventing fresh Fife, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbets in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within fevered Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England An Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of Rochester, and William Lord Viscount Mauntjoy, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oaths of Office for their respective Offices in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of their feid Offices:

An Act for explaining an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Esquire in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Kent, the Estate of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to be sold; and, with the Money arising the reby, to purchase other Lands in the County of Devon, contiguous to the Seat of his Family, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Sir Rickard Baronet, and

Humphry Wynche' Esquire, only Son und Heir apparent

of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a Jointure upon such Woman as the said Humphry Wynche shall marry:

An Act to enable Richard Lee, an Infant, with the Consent of Trustees, to grant Leases of some Part of his Estate, notwithstanding his Minority:

An Act to enable George Henneage Esquireto fell the Rectory of North Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, and some Lands there; and for settling Rent-charges, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Taunton Election for the Borough of Taunton, be adjourned till rJe<2l0IU Tuesday Morning next.

Resolveed, That this House will, upon Morn- Insolvent

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^erfon3 House, upon the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Navy.a" Soldiers, and Seamen.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Ditto. Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in behalf of themselves, and of several Hundreds of other trading Persons within the said Borough, and the Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the'Petitioners have, for several Years, given large Credit to great Numbers of Seamen, as well Inhabitants as others, employed in his Majesty’s Navy, when their Payment has been deferred for several Years; by reason whereof, there is now actually due to the Petitioners several Sums of Money, amounting to several Thousands of Pounds: That, unless such Credit had been given to the said Seamen, their Families could not have been supported; but mud necessarily have been a Burthen to the respective Parishes they belonged to; That the said Credit has usually been advanced by the Petitioners upon the Security of Alignments made by such Seamen on their Pay ana Waves due for their Service performed on board the Ship or Snips to which they belonged; they being, for the mofl:

?art, utterly incapable of giving any other Security fof )ebts by them contrafted: That, if the Wages, Ac. of such Seamen, lltould be exempted from the Payment of those Debts by any Law to be made for that Purpose, it would utterly ruin the Petitioners, and Multitudes of other Tradesmen in these Parts; the greatest Part of whose Substance has been applied that way; and would also very much affect Tradesmen in other Parts, who are Creditors to the Petitioners on that very Account; and would thereby effectually destroy all future Credit to Seamen;

And praying,*That they may be heard, by their Counsel,

against

Breed of Horset.

ColeheJUr

Woollen

Manufudore.

280 20* — 32' Augusti. A. 1715.

against the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-and Seamen, before the said Bill do pals. port, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom That it appeared to the said Committee, by the Testi-the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and mony of Thomas Webb, Weaver and Woolcomber, and Seamen, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, others of the same Trade, That there are many Persons before the Committee, thereupon, by their Couniel, if that use the Trade of Weaving within the said Town, who they think fit. have no Right lb to do; by which means, the Petitioners*

And allb, a Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the and their Families, by the Multitude of unlawful Helps, City of London, and many others of the Parishes, w here are reduced to extreme Poverty, for want of Employment; Seamen reside, in the Out-parts of the aforesaid City, was by which means, the Poors Rates are increased much more presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the than formerly: And that the bringing in of Strangers and Petitioners, having given great Credit to Seamen, and Foreigners; and a By-law, made by the Governors of the their poor Families, in their Absence when at Sea, upon Dutch Bay-hall, in the Year 1707; whereby all Persons Account of their Wages due for their Service performeJ are excluded from making Bays, but such as have served on board of his Majesty’s Ships of War, by supplying Seven Years to the Trade of Baymaking; is the chief them with Goods, and Money to buy theta Bread for Occasion of it.

themselves, and their poor Children; which otherwise Richai'd Root informed the Committee, That the Bay mud inevitably have perished, if they had not, by the and Say-making, in Colchester, hath been a free Trade Petitioners, been so credited and supported: That the ever since the First Patent granted by Queen Elizabeth to Petitioners, having been a great while out of their Money, the Dutch; and the Weavers, and other Branches of the and in continual Ex|>e6lation of receiving the fame, upon Woollen Manufacture, admitted into it, without Interrup-Assignments given to them by the above-mentioned Sea- tion, till the aforesaid By-law was made by the Governors men, are now, to their very great Surprize, informed, of the Dutch Bay-hall; which faith, That no Person shall That, by an Act, which is now depending, for the Relief be admitted into the said Trade, but what has served Seven of insolvent Soldiers and Seamen, that a Clause is therein Years to a Baymaker; and have since denied to admit inserted, which provides, That in the Schedule which several, who are Free Burgcfie3 of the said Town, and shall be delivered by the said Soldiers and Seamen, in or- whose Fathers and Grandfathers used the said Trade; der for their Discharge, that their Pensions, Pay, or Wages, although the Charter, and Custom of the Town, admitted shall not be therein mentioned, or accounted as Part of any Person, who hath a Right to his Freedom by Birth or their Estate; but shall, as we humbly conceive, be re- Service: That the Weavers anciently had the Liberty of ceived by the said Soldiers and Seamen, and converted to Bay-making to the Hall; and that, if the By-law conti-their own Use; which will be to the great Prejudice of tinues in Force, in a little time there will be no Masters some of the Petitioners, and the Ruin of others, that have to employ the Petitioners; for most of the present Traders given such Credit: And praying, That the said Act may have no Apprentices: Since the Year 1707, 70 Traders not pass, without fbmc Provision made therein for the have died, or left off", by reason of that Restraint in the Safety of the Petitioners, and Prevention of their Ruin; By-law; and but 28 set up in that time; several of whom which will certainly happen, if the said Act passes, with came by the free Trade: All the present Traders are but the aforesaid Clause mentioned therein. . 57; they have but 27 Apprentices, of which 16 will be

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the incapable of Settlement, when their times are expired, by Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to reason of Poverty; and, consequently, but 11 capable; whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and there are about 1,500 Bay and Say-weav ers in the and Seamen, is committed; And that the Petitioners be Town, who have a legal Right.

heard, before the Committee, thereupon, by their Counl'el, Edward Finch, and others, Weavers, also gave the if they think fit Committee an Account, That there were 100 Weavers in

the Town, whb have Families, and want Work; and as And then the House adjourned till Monday many more gone out of the Town; yet several Hundred Morning, Nine of the Clock. of unlawful Helps are employed, who never served their

Time as an Apprentice, or have any manner of Right; and named about 6 or 7 Weavers, who are denied by the Governors, and were Men of Substance, and ancient Weavers in the Town; and would employ many of the Poor, if they were admitted to a free Trade; and that those Masters, who do employ some few of the Poor, oblige them to work at their own Rates, and take Houses of them, though they had no Occasion; neither do some inhabit in them; yet they rnuft pay the Rent; and threatened to be turned out of their Work, if they refuse so to do; as also, to take Goods and Commodities, when their x Work is done, instead of ready Money, and for much more than the real Value: By all which Oppressions, they, and their Families, are reduced to great Extremities, ready to perish, for want of a free and open Trade, as formerly.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Bay-makers, upon their Petition to them referred: And called,

Mr. Matthezv Bernard: Who said. That he had dealt very much in Colchester Bays; and that, if the said Bylaw', made by the Governors of the Dutch Bay-hall, should be destroyed, it would be a great Prejudice to that Trade; by reason, there are already more Bays made than the Markets can dispose of: And he further said, That the Weavers are generally very poor Men, and often steal their Yarn; which makes their Work not so good as they are in the adjacent Towns; but none are paid better Prices for their Work than they are; and owned they were some-

tirnes

Lunce, 2 2° die Augujli;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

ABILL for the Improvement of the Breed of Horses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Heysham, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir James Bateman, Lord , Mr. Bar-

low, Mr Godfrey, Mr Broderick, Sir Mr.

Barrington, General Pepper, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Dockmi-nique, Mr. Onflorw, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Mr.

Evelyn, General Stanwix, Mr. Mr. Portman, Mr.

Plumptree, Mr. Smith; and all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s ^Chamber.

Sir IsaacRebow reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Bay and Say-weavers in Colchejla', in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of the same Trade; and to whom the Petition of many of the Baymakers of the said Borough, and all other Baymakers of the said Town, together with their Sons and Apprentices; were referred; the Matter of Fast, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Plate, and after-

>5

2 Geo. I. 22* Augustu281

times paid in Goods, instead of ready. Money; and that, he believed, ibme of the Weavers might live in the Bay-makers Houses; ami fewer Bays would be made, if the unlawful Helps were taken away; for that many Persons hath left off their Trade, and the Markets are over-stocked.

Mr. Abbot laid, he had been a Dealer in the Bay Trade 20 Years; and that he never knew any of the Weavers want Work, of one fort or another; and, since the Making of the By-law, the Trade has been much improved; for, often, a Baymaker has 40 or 50 Pounds with an Apprentice; which, if the Trade was open, would be loft: And, as another Instance, that there arc great Quantities of Bays made, more than the Markets can take off;

He further said. That the Weavers often leave out Three or Four Pound of Yarn out of a Bay; which occasions the Badness of their Goods; and is one chief Reason, why the Bays, made at a Place called Boching, within 12 Miles of Colchester are so good: But owned, that the

Weavers were paid sometimes in Goods, instead of ready Money; and that the Trade of Booking was open; but the Booking People dread an open Trade at Colchester, because their Men will run away from one Town to another: He further said. That he had often paid Two Shillings in a Bay more than other Places; because other People would take their Men away: He further said, Good Sums of Money were given with Apprentices, before the By-law was made.

The Committee asking some of the Witnesses, Whether there were not several of the said Baymakers, who had signed the Petition for the By-law to be continued, that came in by a free and open Trade; they all owned, That they had.

Mr. Dubourgh said, He had been a factor for the

Baymakers about Six or Seven Years; and that there is several Hundred Pieces of Bays in his Custody, more than the Markets can take off; and if the Trade should be open, and more Goods made, they must rot in the Hall.

That it appears to this Committee, That, till the Year 1707, the Trade of Baymaking was not reltrained to such Persons only as had served their Apprenticeship to Bay-makers; but was free to all who had served their Apprenticeship to any other Branch of the Woollen Manufacture there.

And that, upon the whole Matter, -the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of the said By-law of the Governors of the Dutch Bay-hall in Colchester, made in the Year 1707, as teftrains the Making of Bays to such as have served Apprenticeships to the Baymakers only, is highly detrimental to that Branch of the Woollen Manufacture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by means of the above-mentioned By-law, and by the ill Practices of some of the Baymakers in the said Town of Colchester, the poor Weavers have been grieve-oully oppressed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the said Weavers Relief, by giving free Liberty to all Persons, who had served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays within the said Town; with proper Limitations and Restrictions relating to the said Dutch Bay-hall.

The Two First of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Weavers Relief, by giving free Liberty to the Persons who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town; with proper Limitations and Restrictions relating to the Dutch Bay-hall: And that Sir Isaac Rcbow, Mr.

lieysham, Mr. Dockminicque, Mr. Ducane, and Mr.

Broderick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox.. 18.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for allowing a Time for Two hundred Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the-Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was committed, '1 hat they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being moved, That the Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King , for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his said Majesty, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; might be read;

They were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Disturbances of Seamen and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal and also for explaining the said Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and making perpetuul, the said Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy: And that Sir Charles Turner, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Members, who, upon calling the House the Eighth Instant, were not excused, and were ordered to attend this Day, were called:

And John Snell Esquire, Thomas Masters Esquire, Sir William Blacket Baronet, Doddington Grevill Esquire, and Sir Robert Furneze Baronet, appeared.

Richard Shuttleworth Esquire, being called, he was excused, upon account of extraordinary Buftnels in the Country.

Charles Parker Esquire, being called; and he ndt appearing;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Parker, for disobeying the Order of the House for his attending this Day, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making Provision for the Ministers who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and;

Ordered, That his Majesty s most gracious Message, of the Twenty-eighth of June last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the rate of Six Pounds per Cent to be

4 C chargeable

Palatinei

Nat.

Preventing Disturbances by Seamen, See.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Provision for Ministers of new Churches.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

Insolv^nt Persons in Army and Navy.

Tanned*

Estate.

Low Lai ton Manor.

Tanner’s

Estate.

Defaulter to Call of the House.

Preventing Disturbances by Seamen, it.

282

22" 250 — 24* AugUStl. A. 1715.

chargeable upon a lure Fund, therein mentioned; and to 1>e redeemable by Parliament

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon JfWwe/2fayMoming next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, after the Report of the Bill for raisingNine hundred ten thousand Pounds for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds perCent. per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund, therein mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Nevill, Mr. be added to

the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar its, 2-3° die

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for Sale of Part of the Manor of Low Laiton, in the County of Essex, and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Low Laiton is settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being acquainted, That Charles Parker Esquire, was very ill in the Country; and therefore could not attend the House on Monday last, as he was ordered;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Parker be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Disturbances of Seamen anil others; and to preserv the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal; and also explaining an Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and making

?;rpetual. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of iracy; And the Bill was read the First time.

l9

Resolved, That die Bin be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the provision for Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Minister* the Motion for a Supply to lie granted to his Majesty, for De* making Provision for the Ministers who are to officiate in c ttrc the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminstertlie Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.; and is.as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, in Aid of other Provisions that shall be made towards the Maintenance of the Ministers who are to attend the Service of the Fifty new Churches erected, and to be erected, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, in Aid of other Provisions that shall be mad« towards the Maintenance of the Ministers who are to attend the Service of the Fifty new Churches erected, and to be erected, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty for making Provision for the Ministers who are to officiate in the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, Commis-state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was fionera for read a Second time. Army Debts.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the for- Taunton ther Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough Ele&iom of Taunton:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses, to justity other Voters, which the Petitioners Counsel had objected to.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroV Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 240 die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for allowing a Time for Two huR- < p

dred Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to :n-title them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read the Third time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for allowing a Time for Two hundred Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsbydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

2 Geo. I. 24° — 250 Angusti.

Regulating A Petition of Nicholas Esquire, and Anne his

mentTin Wife, Daughter of Thomas Amy Esquire, deceased, in America* behalf of themselves, and their Son , an Infant,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, bearing Date 24th March 1663 . grant to Edward Earl of Clarendon, and seven other Lords Proprietors, the absolute Propriety of the Province of Carolina, in America; and, by virtue thereof, the Right honourable John Earl of Bath, deceased, and the rest of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, by their Deed-poll, bearing Date the 29th of September 1697, under their Great Seal, grant unto the said Thomas Amy, and his Hgirs for ever, the Eighth Part of that Province; and made him thereby One of the Eight absolute Proprietors: That the said Thomas Amy, for and in Consideration of a Marriage Portion for Anne his Daughter with the Petitioner Nicholas Trott, by his Deed-poll, did grant, bargain, fell, assign, and set over, his Proprietorship aforesaid unto the Petitioner, and his Heirs, begotten on the Body of the said Petitioner Anne, and the Petitioner’s Heirs and Assigns for ever, dated the 2tft Day of March 1700: And praying, That a Clause may be added to the Bill for the better regulating the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, for the saving the Rights and Property of the Petitioners; or that the Petitioners may be. heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects their Right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and of his Majesty’s Plantations, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee thereupon, by their Counl'el, if they think fit.

Supply Bill, Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the — Sale of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

untunes. raising Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick

Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be chargeable upon a sure Fund,.therein-mentioned; and to be redeemable by Parliament was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House: One of which Amendments, made by the Committee, and agreed unto by the House, was, for reducing the said Annuities from Six Pounds to Five Pounds per Cent, per

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to treat with the Proprietors of the Sugar-houses in Scotland, for suchSums of Money as may be a reasonable Satisfaction for such private Rights of Exemptions from Customs and Excise,

to which the Proprietors are intitled:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was Allied up; And the Clause was amended .-And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 5 di\

served their Apprenticeftiips to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Uxbridg. others, living in and near the Parishes in which the Road Road, from the Town of Uxbridge, in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex, to Tyburn, in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, in the said County, lies; and also of several Farmers, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, and others, wIk> frequently pass the said Road; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of the Multitude of Passengers, and heavy Carriages, to and from the Town of Uxbridge, are become very ruinous, and great many Parts thereof so very bad, that the fame, in the Winter Season, are dangerous to such who have Occasion to travel the said Road, and ahnoft impafiable: That although the Inhabitants of the said Parishes have, from time to time, been at very great Expences in repairing and amending the same; yet the said Road is so very bad, that the same cannot, by the Laws now in Force, be effectually amended, or kept in good Repair, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; And praying Leave for the bringing in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Smithson, and Mr. Nevill, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Cholmly reported from the Committee, to whom Breed of the . Bill for the Improvement of the Breed of Horses was Horse», committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, as far as Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, That # *

And a Motion being made, and the Question put thereupon, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause B, being read a Second , time, and amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House so the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to prevent Disturbances of Seamen, and others; Preventing and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Disturbances Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better eamen' preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and making perpetual, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Wild, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Benson, Mr. ToMr. Hitch,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Diston, Colonel Cormcall, Mr. Godfrey, Sir John Ward,

Sir Tho. Samuel, Mr. Harvey, Mr. North, Mr.

Mr. Halden, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Scawen, Mr. Lade,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Staruon, Mr.

Mr. Norris, Mr. White, Colonel; and all that

serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colohefter

Woollen

Manufacture.

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.' Praters.

SIR Isaac Rebow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for giving Liberty to Persons who have Voi. 18.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, insolvent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Persons in the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and "* Seamen. v

An

Encouraging Loyalty in Scotland.

Taunton

Election.

M inhead Election.

Tanner's

Estate.

Insolvent Persons in Army and Navy.

284

25° — 26°

A. 1715

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in , who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George', and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whole Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vafi’als, Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the EftVft of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or uhereMt shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to justify other Voters, which the Petitioners Counsel had objected to; and also examined Witnesses to disqualify such Voters as the Petitioners Counsel had endeavoured to add to the Petitioners Poll; and also to disqualify several Persons, who had voted for the Petitioners.

After which, the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be heard at the Bar of this House this Day Sevennight

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

P raters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and County of Southampton, and other trading Inhabitants of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town of Southampton is a Sea Port Town; and that, during the last Ten Years of the late War with France, Brigadier Borrs Regiment of Marines was quartered there; and the Officers and Soldiers belonging to the fame, divers whereof became

Inhabitants there, and had Families, were trusted by the Petitioners with considerable Sums of Money, for the Support of themselves and Families, and other Necefl’aries:

That the find Regiment was broke in the said Town, soon after the Conclusion of the Peace; and then all Accounts between the said Officers, Soldiers, and the said Petitioners, were adjusted and settled, in the Presence of the Commissioners who disbanded the said Regiment; and, for the Repayment of the several and respective Sums due to the said Petitioners, amounting to several Thousand Pounds, the said Officers and Soldiers could give no other Securities, but Assignments on their Pay and Wages due for their Service in the said Regiment; which the Petitioners were forced to accept; That, by reason the said Town of Southampton being a Sea Port Town, it has been the Residence and Abode of divers Seamen, and their Families, who have had nothing to subsist, but their Pay and Wages for their Service in the Royal Navy; wherefore the Petitioners have trusted them with considerable Sums of Money, as well to fit themselves out to Sea, as to support and maintain their Wives and Children in their Absence; without which, they must have been reduced to the greatest Want; and, at their Return, all the Security they could give for the just Debts they then owed, was by Assignments of their Pay for their Service performed:

That, if the Pay and Wages of such Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, who are indebted to the said Petitioners, should be exempted from the Payment of their just Debts by any Law to be made for that Purpose, it will not only bring the Petitioners to Poverty and Want, but also very highly affect the Trade of the said Town of,

and other Sea Port Towns, the major Part of whose Stock and Substance have been necessarily applied to the Uses before-mentioned: And praying, That we may be heard, by our Counsel, against the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Insolv.n* Council of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, Perw>ns and of other Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the said City, and of the Towns of Chatham and Strood, and other adja-c:nt Places, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundred more of the Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the said City,

Towns, and Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trading and Dealing, during the late War, was chiefly with the Sea Officers and Seamen, and with the Marine Officers and Soldiers; and their Dealing and Trading still is very much with the Commission and Warrant Officers of die Navy, and other the Petty Officers and Seamen thereof; and, by reason of such Officers and Men being at Sea, and the Length of Time they have been unpaid, the Petitioners have been forced to credit them, and their Wives and Families, with all manner of Necessaries and Provisions; and by that means the said Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, have contrafted great Debts with the Petitioners; iufomuch that all the Petitioners Substance is intrusted to them; and the Petitioners, and their Families, will be undone, should they lose their said Debts: That many of the said Officers, both by Land and Sea, have, by their profuse living abroad, wasted and (pent their Pay, which ought to have paid their just Debts at home contrafted; yet, by Frugality and good Management, may be in a Capacity of paying the same out of their future Pay, if not discharged from the same by the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen; which Bill, the Petitioners apprehend, will be greatly to their Prejudice, and tend to the utter Ruin of many of them, should the same pass into a Law: And praying, That they may be he heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before it paifes.

Ordered,

2 Geo. 1.i6° — 270 August!. 285

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confi- , That Mr. Fairer do Carry the Bill to the

deration of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and

Seamen, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Provision for by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think lit. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, in Aid of other churchej. Insolvent A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Coun- Provisions that shall be made towards Maintenance of the Peifms in til, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Ministers, who are to attend the Service of the Fifty new

Army and Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the Churches ercfiled, and to be erected, in and about the

Nav> House, and read; letting forth, That, for many Years Cities of London and and Suburbs thereof;

' past, very large Credit has been given by many of the Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer, Surveyor, Inhabitants of the said Borough to great Numbers of Sea- and Secretary, to the Commissioners for building Fifty men, as well Inhabitants, as others, that have been em- new Churches in and about the Cities of London and ployed in the Royal Navy; their Wages, for sundry Years Westminster, and Suburbs thereof^ formerly laid before together, having been unpaid j without which Credit, Ihe House, be referred to the Consideration of the said neither they, nor their Families, could have subsisted; Committee.

and, by reason thereof, there is actually due at this time Then the House resolved itself into the raid Com-to the Inhabitants of this Town, from and on account of niittee.

Seamen, divers Sums of Money, amounting to several Thousand Pounds: That such Credit has been usually given by.many of the Petitioners, and others to Seamen, upon the Security of Assignments on their Pay and Wages due for their Service performed on board such Ships to which they did or do belong, that being the only Means they have of securing and discharging the Debts by them so contracted; that, at this time, the Families of several Hundred Seamen, now in his Majesty’s Ships abroad, are supported by many of the Petitioners, and sundry other Inhabitants of this Place, upon the bare Expectation of having Securities, in manner before-mentioned, from the said Seamen, at their Return: That, if the Wages, Kc. of such Seamen, who are indebted to this Town, and the neighbouring Parts, should be exempted from Payment of their Debts, by any Law to be made and enacted for that Purpose, it will not only ruin a great many Inhabi-» tants of this Town, and other Traders in those Parts, the

major Part of whole Substance has been applied to those Uses, but will also very highly affect sundry Tradesraen in London, and other Places, who have given Credit to them on that Head, and effectually destroy all future Credit to Seamen: And praying to take their same into Consideration; and to make such Provision for them, as this honourable House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Uxbridge Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, Roads. a Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising Nine hundred and ten thou-

Bale of sand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, Anuuities. after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Ctause was offered, to be added to the Bill, as a Rider, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall have Power to make Allowances to the Cashier, and Accountant General, who shall receive the Contribution-money, for their Pains and Charges in receiving and accounting for the same:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising Nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorize a Treaty, concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar-houses in Scotland.

Vo L. 18.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Insolvent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ?ebtor* *" the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Navy. Seamen;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out that Part of the Bill, which relates to Seamen;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatt, 270 die Augusti;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

P r a r e k s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lowlaitoa for Sale of Part of the Manor of , in Manor,

the County of Essex, and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Lowlaiton is settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Lade, Mr. Aislabie, Sir John Tirzokitt, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Cholmly,- Mr. TufncU, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Eyles, Sir Robert

Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Butler, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ileysham, Mr. Minshull, Sir Tho. Clarke,

Mr. Hitch, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Hucks, Sir Roger Hill, Mr.

Deacle, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Coventry, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Ja. Bateman; and all that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the provision for Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Minister* the Supply granted to his Majesty, in Aid of other Pro- ®f Ne* visions that shall be made towards Maintenance of the urc es* Ministers, who are to attend the Service of the Fifty new Churches erected and to be erected, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, the Resolution they had

4 D directed

170 Aagusti. . 1715.

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Three Shillings for every Chaldron, consisting of Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measure, of such Coals and Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron { and the Duty of Three Shillings for every Ton, containing Twenty hundred Weight, of Rich Coals as are usually sold by the Tonj which, by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, intituled, An AO, for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches ip and about the Cities of London ana Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned^ have Continuance until the Twenty-eighth Day of September i 724; shall be further continued, and payable to his Majesty, for and upon all Coals and Culm, which, from and after the 27th Day of September 1724, and before the 28th Day of September 1725, shall be im-

Sorted or brought info uie Port of the City of or

le River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, to be applied, by his Majesty s Direction, in Aid of other Provisions that shall be made

towards the Maintenance of the Ministers who are to Attend the Service of God in the said new Churches.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Re/ohed, Thit the House doth agree with the Committee in the fekl Resolution, That the Duty of Three Shillings for every Chaldron, confiding of Thirty-six Bushels, Winchester Measur, of such Coals and Culm as me usualty sold by the Chaldron 5 and the Duty of Three Shillings for every Ton, tontamiitg Twenty Hundred Weigh* ®f such Coals as are usually sold by the Ton j which, by an Act of the Ninth Year of the Itei^n of her late Majesty Queen Anne of btefied Memory, intituled Ait Act for granting to her Majesty levered Duties upon Cotfe, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof and other Purposes therein mentioned, have Continuance until the 2*8th Day of September 17^4$ lhafl be further continued, and payable to ills Majesty, for and upon all Coals and Culm, which, from and after the 27th Day of September 1724, and before the 2&th Day of September 1725, shall he imported or brought into the Port of the City of Lbndon, Or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, to be applied, by his Majesty’s Direction, in Aid of other Provisions that shall be made towards the Maintenance of the Ministers, Who are so Attend the Service of God in the said new

Churches.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill, pur-Ifoant to the find Resolution: And that Mr. Farrer, the Lord Coiiingsby, Mr. Smithy and Mr. do pre-

- ^fere, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Irrstruction to the Gentlemen %ho are to prepare, And bring in, the said Bill, That they have Power to bring in a Clause, or Clauses, in the said -Kft, so ittfpOwer his Majesty, from time to time, to appoint such Cortimissioners, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall 'think lit, to pat this, and the several Afits relating to the Duties granted for the building the Pifty new Churches, m Execution; and to inquire and inform themselves in what mariner the Duties, intended to he granted by this Bill, may be heft settled for the Maintenance of the Ministers, who are to officiate in the 'find Churches.

Air Writ* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do'HTue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electlhg a Commissioner to serve in thfe present Parliament for the Shire of Air, in the room of John Montgomery Esqulre; who, since his Election for the said 'Shire, ham Accepted a ’Commission of Lieutenant Colonel in the Third Regiment of his Majesty’s Foot Guards.

Sir Charles Tunttr reported from ‘the Committee, To 21

whom the BH1 to prevent Disturbances of Seamen, and Preventing others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Ma- Disturbaoc jesty’s Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for Seamen, the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s c'

Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds,- and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and making perpetual, an Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Piracy; was committed j That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks’s Table:

Where they w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by me House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the Improvement of the Breed of Breed of Horses, was read the Third time. Horfw.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for young Horses to run:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Improvement of the Breed of Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Bladen presented to the House, according to Public Debt* Order, a Bill for taking and Hating the Debts due, and of Scotland, growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union: And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Mr. Prior'* ceived a Letter from Mr. Prior, in Custody of the Ser- Confinement, leant at Arms attending this House, relating to the Circum fiances of his Confinement: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the impeached Lords, to lay before the House so much as they shall think proper of the Evidence of Mr. Prior; and also a State of the Circumstances of his Confinement.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will/ upon Monday Mom- Commissioning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ?T*hfor Anny House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to Debt* take, examine, Hate, and determine, the Debts due to flie Army.

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Taunton Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton: Efcaion.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members proceeded to examine Witnesses, to disqualify some of the Voters for the Petitioners, upon account of their receiving Charity; particularly as to a Charity called Ss Charity:

And the Sitting Members Counsel infilling 'to examine as to that Charity being given in the Year 1713;

And the Petitioners Counsel opposing their examining, as to any Persons who had not received that Charity within a Year before the Election;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard touching the same.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motionheing made, and the Question being put,

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members be admitted to give Evidence of Persons having received s.

Charity before the 2d of February 1713;

It passed in the Negative.

'The

I ddOOki*:.

Levcrpole

Church.

Sufferers by Fire in Thames-street.

Lords desire a Confer-rence — Cummer's Kit ate.

Preventing

Disturbanees by Seamen, *c.

2 Geo. I. 27* — 290 Augusti. 287

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses, touching other Voters for the Petitioners having received other Charities; and also for adding Two Votes to the Sitting Members Poll; and also, in order to disquality several of the Petitioners Voters for Bribery; and touching Threats, and other undue Proceedings, in relation to the Election.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Castle of Leverpole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster; and for explaining a former Act for building another Church there; with fbme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colmore, William Hunt, William Parrot, and others, as to Customs for Goods burnt or destroyed by the late Fire in -

street, London, with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, on Tuesday next, at One of the Clock, indie Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dummer Gentleman offome Part,

and for veiling other Part, of the Ellate of John Esquire, in the County of Southcomprifed in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Ame his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as maybe to the Intent of the said Articles; and for making the reby, and by other means in the Act mentioned, feme Provision for the said John Bromfeild, and A Wife, and their Issue.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 2 90 die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to prevent Disturbanees by Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and continuing, An Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression <yf Piracy; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act -to prevent Disturbanees by Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy R6yal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frafids, and Abuses, in -paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving, and continuing, an Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Piracy.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of Chichester, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, in be^ half of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read j felting forth, That several considerable Sums of Money were left, and still remain^ unpaid by several Officers and Soldiers, late belonging to Lieutenant General Holt's Regiment of Marines, when they were disbanded in the said City, in the Year 1713: And praying, That their same may be heard; and that they may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appoints ing Commissioners to take, examine, Hate, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Cpnlideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the late Castle of Leve, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster; and for explaining a former' Act for building another Church there;

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Questioit severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 10. Leave out " in the Ejeercife of Religion,* and, instead thereof, insert " who would resort thither, to " attend Divine Service, according to the Rites and Usage " of the Church of England

L. 40, and 41. Leave out " and hereby is Enacted and Declared to be," and insert " con&crated " and

Pr. 3. L. 15, and 16. Leave out '* presented, collated, instituted, and indufted, a3 other Parsons," and insert " licensed by the Bishop, as other

Pr. 4. L. 12. Leave out " at their Discretion," and insert " out of the common Stock of the £ud Corporation

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A:

A: " Provided, That whatsoever Monje? shall wile " from the Disposition of all and every the Seats and Pews " to be made or inqlofed in the fold Church or Chapel, shall be applied to the Maintenance of the said Curate or Chaplain, and for the Stipends or Salaries of proper " Officers and Servants to attend therein; and for the Reparation of the said Church or Chapel, and the Seats, " Pews, and other Conveniences thereof; until feme " other sufficient, certain, and settled. Maintenance and Provision shall be made for the same Purposes; from " which time, the Right of dispofiDg and Rating of Pews '* by the Persons aforesaid, for any Purposes whatsoever, " shall cease, and be extinguished; any thing in this Act " to the contrary notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry the Bill tp

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill for taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rojolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom*1 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine. Hate, and determine, the Debts due to the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Army

Arrears*

LeverpooW

Church.

Public Debt# of Scotland,

CoWimi (Loners for Army Debts.

Commislioa-an for Army Debts.

Conference with Lords,

288

29* — 30° Angus ti. A. 1715.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MariiSf 30° die;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Pulteney, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, Hate, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Bill be Seven.

Rfolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Resolved, That no Person who hath been, or is, an Agent, be a Commissioner in the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, by Thursday next, at One of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Lord JVm. Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Lowthe "Mr.Smith, Mr. Pulte-

ney, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. PlMr. Neville, Mr. Strickland, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Robert Sir

Win. Thompson, ’bAx.Jefop, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Stanhope, do manage the Conference desired by the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this Ifoufe, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Dummer Gentleman of feme Part, and for veiling other Part, of the Estate of John feild Esquire, in the County of Southampton, comprised in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the mid Articles; and for making the reby, and by other means in the Act mentioned, feme Provision for the said John Bromfeild, and Anne his Wife, and their HTue.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lord Wm. Pozclet reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference: And that the Earl of Clarendon managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted the Managers on the Part of the Commons,' That the Lords have agreed to feme of the Amendments, made by this House, to the said Bill; and, as to One Amendment, that the Lords bad agreed to the lame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House; but that, as to the other Amendments, made by this House, to the said Bill, the Lords had disagreed to them; and they gave their Rea-fons for disagreeing to the same; which Realons the Lord William Powlctt read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Lords disagree to the Commons Amendment, Prese 15. line 31.;

Because they arc of Opinion, That the Word " only* answers the true Intent of the Bill; which is to bind only such Right as may be claimed under the Marriage Articles, mentioned in the Bill; and net such other Right as the Persons claiming under the Articles, or some of them, may possibly have by any other means not taken Notice of in the Bill.

The Lords disagree to the Amendment, Press 24.

Line 7.;

Because they are of Opinion, That the Words, " equally, Share and Share alike," will not agree with the Words following, in the Bill; viz. " in such Proportions, and " at such Times, as the said George and Robert

" Mitchell, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors " or Administrators of such Survivor, fit all think fit to *' appoint; which Words both Houses had agreed to.

The Lords disagree to the Amendment, in Lines 13, and 14.;

Because they are of Opinion, That the Words " equally,

" Share and Share alike," stand very properly in that Place, to prevent Disputes, and cause an equitable Division, among the Children, if in case Mr. Trenchard and Mr. Mitchell should not make any such Appointment as before-mentioned.

The Lords disagree to the Amendment, Press 27th,

Line 26th; which was the Addition of a Clause;

Because it does not' appear to their I,ordships, but that, if there is any such Sum as Fifty Pounds, with Interest, owing to the Poor of the said Parish, the same may be some way secured, preferable to the said Debts.

The Lords also disagree to the Amendment, in Line the 42d;

Because, the former Amendment being disagreed to, the Words " and the said Fifty Pounds, with Interest," will have Reference to no Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendment, made by the Lords, to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to the said Bill, was read; and is as follows; viz.

To tlfe Commons Amendment, Press 15. Line 9.

Leave out from " and" to the End of that Amendment, and insert " the said other Indenture of Assignment, of the 25th of August 1713."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

Then the said Amendments, made by this House, to which the Lords do disagree, being severally read;

And the Question being severally put thereupon, That this House doth insist upon the Amendments, made by this House, to which the Lords had disagreed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord lVm. Poivlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to the said Amendment, made by this House: And that this House doth not insist upon such of their Amendments with which their Lordships have disagreed.

The Lord Coningsby presented to the House, according Provision for to Order, a Bill for making Provision for the Ministers for Ministers of the new Churches, which are built, or to be built, in and effarchea about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof: And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Rogers and Mr.

Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encouraging for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and LoroUy iu

Tenants, in Scotland, who do and flia.ll continue in their -cotland-Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George-, and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraadulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be, incurred there on any such Account; as also, for calling any suspected Person or Person#

a Geo. I.

30° August!.

289

Persons, whose Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient; to find Bail for their good Behaviour; with loine Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Cravter’*, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to na-&c. Isat. turalize Peter Gravier, Theodore Boucher, and Francis Majfon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

encouraging Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Loyalty in to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging all Supe-- Scotland. riors, Vaifels, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who

do and shall continue in their Duty, and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring and excluding the Efllft of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any fetch Account; as also, for calling any Tufptfted Person or Persons, whose Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; be now taken into Confederation.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confederation accordingly:

Aud the same being read, are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 12. After " be," add " veiled and seised :" Pr. 5. L. 17. Alter " his," add " or his Deputies:"

L. 31. After " his," add " or his Deputies."

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, 't hat this House hath agreed to their Amendments, with Amendments to feme" ef them: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Ho ford:

SpcflkcFj

laieof*111* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ammities. for railing Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorize a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar-houses in Scotland-, w ithout Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ITetfege from Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That he Prinwfif h&d a Message from his Majesty, signed by his Majesty: fWaleV And lie presented the same to the House: And it was read

Jointure. by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth;

GEORGE R.

H Majesty has been pleased to direct, That Letters Patents be prepared for granting to the Prince of Wales One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Civil List Revenues, for the Support of himself and his Family; and likewise for granting Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, together with Somerset-house, to the Princds of Wales, for her Jointure, in case Ihe shall survive the Prince; but, it not being in his Majesty’s Power to extend this Provision to the Princess beyond his own Life, his Majesty hopes, that you will think it reasonable to enable him to make this Provision for the Princess certain and secure to her, during the Term of her own Life.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling his Majesty to makO the Provision intended for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales a sure and certain Jointure, for the Term of her Life: And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Walpole, Lord Coningsby, Mr" Camper, Mr. Fortescue, Mr, Craggs, Mr . Cholmly, and Mi.Latendes, da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 18.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Rogers-:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Encouraging this House, to feme of the Amendments, made by the'

Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging all coUlin Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George-, and for discouraging all Supe-

riors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, w ho have been, or "shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also,. for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whole F.ltates’,-' or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail iof their good Behaviour; and for the better diforming difeffected Persons in Scotland.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Royal Afl4n» Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two publick, and Three private, Bills; viz.

An Act for raising Nine hundred ten thousand Pounds, for publick Services, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to authorize a Treaty concerning private Rights claimed by the Proprietors of the Sugar-houses in Scotland:

An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Land* lords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King Geoi'ge; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty; and for. making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Con- . veyances, made there, for barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall he, in* curred there, on any such Account; as also, for calling any fiifpefted Person or Persons, whole Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for the better disarming dil*' affected Persons in Scotland:

An Act for building and endowing a Church upon the Site of the Castle of Leverpole, held by Lease from the Duchy of Lancaster; and for explaining a former Act for the building another Church there:

An Act for vesting the Estate of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts:

An Act for confirming a Sale already made to Edmund Hummer Gentleman, of some Part, and for vesting other Part, of the Estate of John Bromfei Esquire, in the County of Southampton, oomprifed in the Articles made upon his Marriage with Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for settling the remaining Part thereof as near as may be to the Intent of the said Articles; and for making the reby, and by other means in the Act mentioned, some Provision for the said John Bromfeild and Anne his Wife, and their Issue.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the fiir-ther Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Taunton:

And the Coqnfel on both Sides were called fn:

And the Petitioners Counsel examined Tw-o Wkneflfes, in order to discreditTwo of the Sitting Members Witnesses:

4 E After

Taunton

Election*

V

290 30° — 3

After which, the Sitting Members Counsel summed up the Evidence: And the Petitioners Counsel replied.

And then the Couniel withdrew.

The Question being put, That Sir Francis Ba-

ronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Somerset;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

}3».

So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Henry Portman Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,| }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That William Pynf Esquire is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton.

Resolved, That James Smyth Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House to Morrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, by rating out tise Names of Sir Francis Warre Baronet, and Henry Portman Esquire; and inserting the Names of William Pynfent Esquire, and James Smyth Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

0 Augusti. A. 1715.

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Carter, Sir Jof Jekyll, Mr.

London, Mr. Colemore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr.

Heath, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr StricklMr.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Ward Mr. Diston, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr.

Archer, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. AiflaMr. Leigh, Mr.

Hill, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Herne, Mr. Ingram: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Walpole, from the Committee of Secrecy, ac- Earl quainted the House, That the Committee had, in Obe- j dience to the Commands of the House, prepared Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Thomas Earl of Strafford;and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follows; viz.

Gravier’s&c.

Hat.

Taunton

Return

amended.

Provision for Minified of New Chnrchea.

Sufferers by Fire in Thames-street.

..... - Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Mifdc-

mjf m j- a meanors, against Thomas Earl of Strafford.

Mercurtty31 die Augustr3WHEREAS his late Majesty King William the

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715. Thjrd> S108 Memory, out of his great Wisdom,

and tender Regard for his own Kingdoms, and the rro-Prayers. testant Succession, and to vindicate the Honour of the

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Crown and Nation, then affronted by France in proclaim-to naturalize Peter Grapier, Theodore Boucher, ing the Pretender King of Great Britain, after the French and Francis Maffon, was read the First time. King had, but lately before, acknowledged his Majesty’s

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Title to the same; as well as from a just concern for the

Preservation of the Liberties of Europe, against the grow-The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to ing Power of France, which was then become more for-Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Taunton, midable, from the Duke of Anjou's having taken Posses-in the County of Somerset. lion of the intire Spanish Monarchy; did, upon the Ad-

vice and Request of both Houses of Parliament, in or about A Bill for making Provision for the Ministers for the the Month o 1701, enter into, make and con-

new Churches, which are built, and to be built, in and elude, a Treaty with Leopold Emperor of Germany, and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs the States General of the United Provinces; wherein, a thereof, was read the First time. Drift Conjunction and Alliance araongst themselves be-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. ing thought necessary for repelling the Greatness of the

common Danger, it was, amongst other things, agreed. Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, That there should be, and continue, between the said to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Anne Confederates, a constant, perpetual, and inviolable, Friend-Milner, Thomas Colmore, William Hunt, William Par- ship and Correspondence; and that each Party should be rot, and others, as to Customs for Goods burnt and de- obliged to promote the Advantages of the other, and pre-stroyed by the late Fire in Thames-street, London, be now vent all Inconveniences and Dangers that might happen taken into Consideration. to them, as far as lay in their Powers:

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments That the said Allies, deliring nothing more earnestly into Consideration accordingly: than the Peace and general Quiet of all Europe, had ad-

And... were read; and are as follows; vix. judged, that nothing could be more effectual for the Efta-

Prese lft, L. 23. After " any," insert " Two or bliflunent thereof, than the procuring an equitable and " more reasonable Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty for his Pre-

L. 25. After " respectively," insert " or tendons to the Spanish Succession; and that the King of by any other lawfol Ways or Means Great Britain, and the States General, might obtuin a Pr. 2. L. 37. After "any," insert "Two or more:" particular and Diffident Security for their Kingdoms, Pr. 3. L. 11. After " respectively," insert " or by any Provinces, and Dominions, and for the Navigation and " other lawful Wap and Means. Commerce of their Sqbjefts;

That

a Geo. I. 310 Augusti. 291

That it should not be permitted to either Party, when were threatened with, to declare War against France and Earl of the War is once begun, to treat of Peace with the Enemy, Spain, did accordingly, in the Month of May 1702, in Strafford* unless jointly, and by a Communication of Councils; the most publick and solemn Manner, proclaim the fame; and no Peace should be made, unless an equitable and as his Imperial Majesty, and the States General, did like* reasonable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty, and a wife do, in or about the said Month of May, in pursuance particular Security for the Kingdoms, Provinces, Domi- of the before-mentioned Treaties: nions, Navigation, and Commerce, of his Majesty of Great And whereas many Kings, Princes, and States, of Britain, and the States General, be first obtained; and Europe, being invited by the said Grand Alliance, and unless Care be taken, by fitting Security, that the King- relying on the Faith thereof, did afterwards become Parties doms of France and Spain shall never come, and be united, to the (hid confederate War against France and Spain; and, under the same Government; nor that one and the same in the Treaty entered into, in or about the Month of May Person shall be King of both Kingdoms: 1703* between his Imperial Majesty, the Queen of Great

And whereas his laid late Majesty King William, and Britain, the States General, and the King of Portugal, it the States General, seriously considering,- that France was was, amongst other things, expressly stipulated, That no then become so formidable, from the Accession of Spain Peace, nor Truce, shall be made, but by the mutual Con*

.to the Duke of Anjou, that, in the Opinion of all the sent of all the Confederates; nor shall any, at any time.

World, Europe was in'Danger oflofing her Liberty, and be made, whilst the Second Grandlonoftlie most Christian undergoing the heavy Yoke of universal Monarchy; and King, by the Dauphin, or any other Prince of the Line that the surest Means of effecting that Design were to di- of France, continued in Spain:

vide the King of Great Britain from the States General; And whereas, to give the greatest Strength that was for which Purpose, all imaginable Efforts would be made; possible to the Union so necessary to both Nations, her they therefore thought it necessary to unite, in the strictest late Majesty, and the States, by a Treaty in the Month manner that was possible; and, to that End, a defensive. of Jun 1703, renewed and confirmed all Treaties and Treaty and Alliance was concluded, and entered into. Alliances then subsisting between them; and, to the end between them, in or about November 1701; wherein, a just and reasonable Peace might the better be obtained, amongst other things, it was further agreed, That, by the that might establish the Repose and Tranquillity of Alliance with the Emperor, made in September then last, Europe, it was agreed, That neither of the said Allies particular Care being taken for the Recovery of the should make a Suspension of Arms, or a Peace, with Spanish Low Countries out of the Hands of the most France or Spain, but in Conjunction, and by common Christian King, the said Confederates expressly engaged Consent:

to aid one another with all their Forces, for the Recovery And whereas the said War was, for several Years, of the fame; and, in regard the principal Interest of the carried on with Vigour and Unanimity, at a vast Ex* said Confederates conflicted in the Preservation of the pence of Blood ana Treasure; for the Support of which.

Liberties of Europe, that the before-mentioned Treaty on the Part of Great Britain, many Millions were with the Emperor shall l»e faithfully and sincerely exe- granted by Parliament, who, on many Occasions, ex-cuted; and both Sides shall guaranty the lame, and use pressed their Sense of the Justice of it, and frequently their Endeavours to confirm and tender it more lirong, gave their humble Advice to the Throne, That no Peace from time to time: could be safe, honourable, or lasting, so long as

That, in making Peace", particular Care shall be taken and the West Indies, continued in any Branch of the of the Commerce and Traffick of both Nations; and also, House of Bourbon:

for their Security, as well in regard to the Low Countries, And whereas the just Cause of lier Majesty, and her as the Countries adjacent, that, when the War is begun, Allies, in Defence of the common Liberty, and in Vin-the Confederates shall act in Concert, according to the 7th dication of the Honour of the Crown of Great,

ftnd 8th Articles of the Treaty of the 3d of March 166f, was favoured by the Divine Providence with unparal-between England and Holland; which was thereby re- leled Successes, and signal Victories; whereby, as well newed and confirmed; and no Peace, nor Truce, or Suf- as by the Wisdom and Unanimity of their Councils, the pension of Arms, shall be negotiated or made, but according Reputation of the Confederate Arms was highly ad-to the 9th and 10th Articles of that Treaty; by which it vanced, and Great Britain was esteemed the Guardian was agreed, That, when the Two Allies came once to an of the Liberties of Europe:

open War, it shall be lawful for neither of them afterwards And whereas, from the prosperous Condition of the to come to any Cessation of Arms with him who shall be Affairs of the Allies, nothing remained, in all human declared and proclaimed an Enemy, without it be done Appearance, but that they should reap the Fruits of all conjointly, apd with common Consent: That no Nego- their Victories in a speedy, just, honourable, and lasting, tiation of Peace shall be set on foot by One of the Allies, Peace; and, on the other hand, nothing was left to raite without the Concurrence of the other: That each Ally the Hopes of the Enemy, whereby to defeat that happy shall, continually, and from time to time, impart to the Prospect, but his secret Endeavours to disunite the Con-other every thing that shall pals in the said Negotiation; federacy:

and shall stipulate, with the common Enemy, for the same And whereas divers evil-minded Persons, Enemies to Rights, Immunities, Exemptions, and Prerogatives, for the true Interests of their own Country, as well as to the his Ally, as he should do for himself, if so be the said common Liberties and Welfare of Europe, having, by Allies ao not agree to the contrary: many wicked Arts, and bale Insinuations, obtained Ac-

And whereas the French King, having got Possession of cel's to her late Majesty Queen Anne, and being admitted a great Part of the Spanish Dominions, exercised an ablo- into her Councils, and into Places of the highest Trail, lute Authority over that Monarchy; having seized Milan, and having formed a wicked and treacherous Correspon-and the Spanish Low Countries, by his Annies, and made dence with the Emissaries of France, and set on Foot a himself Mailer of Cadiz, and of the Entrance into the private and destructive Negotiation of Peace, thereby Mediterranean, and of the Ports of the Spanish West Indies, intending to weaken and dissolve the Confederacy, which by his Fleets; every-where designing to invade the Liber- had lb long and happily subsisted between her Majesty ties of Europe, and to obstruct the Freedom of Navigation and her good and faithful Allies, to the Honour and Safety and Commerce; and, instead of giving the Satisfaction of the Nation, had prevailed upon her said late Majesty* that was justly expected, had proceeded to further Vio- for that Purpose, to declare her Resolution of entering in-lences and Indignities; and, having influenced Spain to to a Treaty of Peace with the Common Enemy, against acknowlege the Pretender, and, thereby, to concur with him the Consent and Opinion of all her Majesty’s Allies; and in the said Affront, her late Sacred Majesty Queen Anne, also to appoint John then Lord Bishop of Bristol, and , taking Notice that ftie found herself obliged, for maintain- Thomas Earl of Strafford, her Plenipotentiaries, to tranl-ing the publick Faith, for vindicating the Honour of the act the same at Utrecht;

Crown, and to prevent the Mischiefe which all Europe

Vol. 18. And

Earl of StraffordV Impeach* tn«nt.

92 31° Augustu . 1715.

And whereas ter Sacred Majesty, in pursuance of the Treaties the 1'tood engaged in, and of her Declaration, in the Month of April 1711, to the Grand Pensionaty and' the other Ministers, of Hollandbeing still determined, in making Peace as in making War, to act in perfect Con* cert with her Allies, and, in Conjunction with them, to demand, and procure, from France a just Satisfaction for all their Pretentions, according to,1 and in Performance of, the many solemn Treaties and Alliances then fu Witting between her Majesty and them, did, in pursuance thereof by her instructions under the Sign Manual, dated the 21st df October 1711, to him the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, her Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General, direct him, That, during the Course of the then intended Negotiation of Peace, it inuft be the 1110ft careful Endeavour, n’nd the fixed Principle, of all the Confederates, to hold salt together, in order to obtain from the Enemy the utmeft which could Ire hoped for in the prefect Chcuiiistances of Affairs; and that he might effure the Confederates, that her Majesty, on her Part, would firmly adltere to that Rule; and that the was so far from making Peace without the Concurrence of the States General, that the had declared her firm Resolution not to make it without their Satisfaction:

And also, by her instructions, under the Sign Manual, to the said tlren ;Bishop of Bristol, and him the said Thomas Earl of Straff ord, herPlcni|K)tentiaries to treat of a good and general Peace, her said Majesty, amongst other things, did direct them, upon their Arrival at Utrecht, so ,concert, with the Ministers of the Allies, in what manner it might be most proper to open the Conferences, and what Metliod to observe in the Progress of die Treaty; upon that and all other Occasions, earnestly to represent to those Ministers the great Importance of appearing united; and, for that Reason, to recommend to them, that, if any Difference or Dispute tliould arise, the same should be accommodated amongst themselves, that France might have no Hold to break in upon them; but, on the contrary, - whenever they meet the Enemy’s Ministers in the Congress, every Opinion that is delivered, and every Instance that is made, may be backed by the concurrent Foree erf’ the whole Confederacy:

That, if it should be thought proper to begin by the Disposition of the Spanish Monarchy, they were to insist,

That die Security, and reasonable Satisfaction, which the Allies expected, and which his most Christian Majesty had promised, could not be obtained, if Spain, and the West Indies, be allotted to any Branch of the House of Bourbon:

' notwithstanding all which Premites,

Article the First.

He the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, being of her Majesty’s Privy Council, and her Ambafllidor Extraordinary to the States General, and appointed One of her Plenipotentiaries to treat with the Ministers of France of a good and general Peace, in Concert with the Ministers of her Majesty’s Allies, who, for that Purpotc, were atlembled, at Utrecht, with those of France, with full Powers to transact the same; having no Regard to the true Ends of his said Commissions and Powers; to the Honour or Safety of her Majesty, or her Kingdoms; to the many tblemn Engagements the was under to the old and faithful Allies of this Nation; or to the common Liberties of Europe; but, being devoted to the Interest and Service of the French King, the then Common Enemy; in Defiance of the Tenor of the several Treaties before-mentioned, or feme of them, as well as of the frequent Advices of Parliament, and the many Declarations of her Majesty from the Throne; but more'particularly in Defiance of the solemn and mutual Assurances, which had been so lately renewed, between her Majesty and the States General, to act in per-fest Concert with each other in making Peace as in making War, and of the several Irrftruftiops from her Majesty, under the Sign Manual, to him the said Earl, in pursuance thereof; was not only wanting in his Duty and Trust to her Majesty, by not advising against, and, as far as was in his fdwer, by not opposing, the going into any private, 17

separate, Negotiation with France; but on the contrary, when a separate, dishonourable, and destructive, Negotiation of Peace was entered into between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, without any Communication thereof to her Majesty’s Allies, according to their several Treaties, he the said Earl did not only take upon himself, and presume, from time to time, to advise and exhort; that the same should be continued and carried on; but did likewise frequently concert private and separate Measures with the Ministers or France, in order to impose upon, and deceive, her Majesty’s good Subjects, and her Allies; and, was instru mental in promoting the said separate Negotiation, exclusive of all the Allies, and to their manifest Prejudice and Detriment:

And, further, he the said Earl, when the Ministers of France, at Utrecht, refuted to anf.ver in Writing, a d, on many otiier Occasions, proceeded in a fallacious and un-justifiable manner in transacting the Negotiations of Peace* w-as not only wanting in his Duty, in not representing to her Majesty, and her Ministers, against the fame, and itt not supporting, in the manner he ought to have done, her Majesty’s good Allies in their reasonable Demands from France; but, on the contrary, commended the French Prudence in taking such Measures; and even suggested himself the Methods for France to make use of to create DitTentions amongst the Allies, and separate Negotiations betw een each of the Allies and , thereby to dissolve

the whole Confederacy:

By which wicked and treacherous Practices, he the said Earl prostituted the Honour of her Majesty, and the Imperial Crown of these Realms; and grossly violated his Powers and instructions, the many Treaties which her Majesty then stood engaged in to her Allies, and the repeated Assurances which the said Earl had, by her Majesty’s Order, and in her Name, given to the said Allies, to act in perfect Concert with them throughout the whole* Negotiations of Peace; thereby rendering the Design of the Confederacy, and the mutual Support expected from the same, altogether useless, and giving up the Affairs of Europe into the Hands of France.

Article the 2d.

Whereas the maintaining a perfect Union, and good Correspondence, betw een her late Majesty and the Illustrri-ous House of Hanover, was of the utmost Importance for preserving to tlielfe Kingdoms the invaluable BIdlings of their Religion, and Civil Liberties, by securing the Suc-celfion to the Crown to a Race of Protestant Princes, ever renowned for their great Justice and Clemency, and thereby defeating the traitorous Designs of the Pretender; and, for that Purpose, the great Wisdom of divers'Parliaments, which had fixed, and confirmed, the said Succession, had also laid the Obligation of an Oath upon the Subjects of these Realms, to support and maintain the same to the iitmost of their Power:

He the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, not regarding the many ill Consequences to her Majesty, and these Kingdoms, which would naturally ensue from a Disunion or Coolness of Affection, between Princes so nearly allied in Blood and Interest, instead of doing W’hat in him lay to prevent the fame, did, on the contrary, in his Letters, from Holland, to her Majesty’s Ministers of State in Great Britain, by divers false Representations, and scurrilous Reflections upon his present most Gracious Majesty, then Elector of Hanover, endeavour to alienate her Majesty’s Affeftious from his laid Electoral Highness, and to create, or widen, fatal Differences or Mifiinderstandings between them; and when, by the wicked and pernicious Advice of him the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, and divers other evil Counsellors, her late Majesty was at lait prevailed upon to make a fatal Cessation of Arms with the then common Enemy, without any Concert with his said Electoral Highness, and against the Consent, and contrary to the most earnest Representations, of all her Allies; for the Execution of which, he the said Earl w»as sent over to the Army in the Netherlands, where the Generals of the Auxiliaries paid by her Majesty, whole Honour and Conscien-ces would not permit them to abandon the Confederates,

and

2 Geo. I. 31* Augtislt.

293

and leave them as a Sacrifice to France, refilled to withdraw with the Duke of Ormond, without particular Orders from their respefifcive Matters: Which Proceedings of the Confederate Generals being wickedly represented by the said evil Counsellors, in Conjunction with the Ministers and Emissaries of France, as an Indignity offered to her Sacred Majesty;

He the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, to create Un-eafinesses and Dillention between her late Majesty and his then Electoral Highness, did, by his Letter, on or about the 17th July, 1712, to her Majesty’s then Secretary of State, maliciously and wickedly suggest and affirm, that the said Separation of the Confederate Generals from the Duke of Onnond ought to be imputed to his said Electoral Highness:

And further, he the said Earl, by frequently affirming, and sometimes in the moil solemn Manner, to the Ministers of his said Electoral Highness, as well as others, the most notorious and manifest Untruths contrary to the Intentions and Interests of her Majesty, and vainly intending thereby to deceive and impose upon his laid Electoral Highness, and the rest of her Majesty’s good and faithful Allies, in Matters of the highest Importance; and particularly, by solemnly affirming, on or about the 16th of July 1712, to Monsieur Bulcau, General of the Hanover Forces, and the rest of the Confederate Generals, That her Majesty had made no Truce with whereas he

the said Earl then well knew the same was made and concluded several Weeks before; did thereby, as well as by all the before-mentioned Proceedings, not only prostitute and dishonour the high Characters he was then invested with, but, as far as in him lay, did dissolve the mutual Confidence, and good Understanding, lb necessary to be maintained between her laid late. Majesty and thellluftri-ous House of Hanover, for the Safety and Prosperity of Great Britain, and the common Liberty of Europe.

Article the 3d.

Whereas, in the pernicious Negotiations of Peace carried on by him the said Earl, and other evil Counsellors, with the Ministers of France, the French King had pre-posed to acknowledge her Majesty’s Title to the Crown of these Realms, and the Protestant Succession in the Illustrious House of Hanover, when the Peace should be signed between Great Britain and France, and not before; whereupon the House of Lords, by an humble Address to her Majesty, on the 15th of February 1711, begged Leave to represent their just Indignation at that dishonourable Treatment of her Majesty; as also their utmost Refcntinent at the Terms of Peace offered to her Majesty, and her Allies, by the Plenipotentiaries of France; for which Addresses, her Majesty was pleated to return them her hearty Thanks for the Zeal they had therein expressed for her Honour:

He the said Earl was not only wanting in his Duty to her Majesty, and Zeal for the Protestant Succession, in not advising her Majesty against treating, with France upon such dishonourable Terms; but did himself, with other evil Counsellors, privately, wickedly, and treacheroully, concert and agree with the Ministers of France, that the said Proposals, lo derogatory to the Dignity of her Majesty, and dangerous to these Kingdoms, should be the Conditions, upon which France would agree to treat of a Peace with Great Britain:

And further, he the said Earl, in Contempt and Defiance of the Judgment of the House of Peers, which had received her Majesty s gracious Approbation, and afiting the Part of an Emissary of France, instead of a Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, being the reunto encouraged, and founding his Presumption on a Letter to the then said Bishop of Bristol, and him the said Earl, from Henry St: John Esquire, then principal Secretary of State, on the 16th of February 1711, the next Day after the said Act-dress of the House of Peers was made, and informing them of the Indignation expressed in Great Britain at the Offers of France; but that, by the Management of Mr. Thonuts Harley, then Secretary of the Treasury, the House of Commons was perfectly and absolutely secured to the Measures of Peace; did wickedly, deceitfully, and perfi-Vol. 18.

dioully, concert and agree with the Ministers of France at EarlofSuwf-Utrecht, that the said French Ministers should write a for<1’* ,n collusive Letter to him the said Earl and the then said pe*c n*ent' Bishop of Bristol, wherein her Majesty should be stiled Queen of Great Britain; which Letter was not-to be made any use of at Utrecht, or taken as an Acknowledgment by France of her Majesty s Title to the C rown; but was agreed to be transmitted to Great Britain, thereby to deceive and impose upon her Majesty, and the Parliament, as if France had then actually acknowledged the fame; which said Letter was accordingly written by the Ministers of France, and transmitted to Great Britain by him the said Earl:

Whereby her Majesty, the Parliament, and the whole Nation, were most grolly and scandalously abused, and drawn into the said destrufitive Measures of Peace; to the great Dishonour of her Majesty, and these Kingdoms, and to the apparent Danger of the Protestant Succession.

Article the 4th.

That he the said Thomas Earl of in Defiance

of the many Treaties between her Majesty and her Allies for the Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Austria, thereby to preserve a due Balance of Power in Europe; and in Contempt of the Advice and Opinion of Parliament, that no Peace could be safe, honourable, or lalting, so long as Spain, and the West Indies, continued in any Branch of the House of Bourbon; and allb, in di-refit Violation of her Majesty’s Instrufitions, of the 23d of December 1711, in pursuance thereof; whereby he the said Earl was express, commanded to infill, in the Conferences of Peace with the Ministers of France, that the Security, and reasonable Satisfaction, which the Allies expefited, and which his most Christian Majesty had promised to grant, could not be obtained, if Spain, and the West Indies, be allotted to any Branch of that House; did not only presume to treat a bout the Peace with the Ministers of France, without inlisting, as he ought to have done, that Spain, and the West Indies, should not be allotted to the said House of Bourbon; but also, when the Ministers of his Imperial Majesty,* and of the King of Portugal, in Conformity to the mutual Obligations and Treaties between her Majesty and them, and with each other, demanded of Fretnce, That Spain and the West Indies, should be restored to the House of Austria, and requested him the said Earl to join with them to strengthen that Demand, did decline and refuse to do the fame:

By which perfidious and unwarrantablePrafifciccsof him the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, incurable Jealousies and

Discords were created between her Majesty and her Allies; that mutual Confidence, which had so long, and so fuc-celsfully, been cultivated between them, and which was so necessary for their common Safety, was absolutely dif-solved; the just Balance of Power in was wickedly

betrayed; and apparent Advantages were given to the common Enemy, to impose what Terms of Peace he should think fit upon her Majesty, and the whole Confederacy.

Article the 5th.

Whereas her late Majesty, on the 7th of December 1711, having earnestly recommended from the Throne, That Provision might be made for an early Campaign, in order to carry on the War with Vigour, and as the belt Way to render the Treaty of Peace effefitual; and accordingly Supplies were granted, and Magazines provided at a great Expence; and, in pursuance thereof, her Majesty having given early Assurances to her Allies of her sincere Intentions, and likew'ife express, instrufited her General, the Duke of Ormond, not only to renew the same Assurances, and declare her Resolution of pulhing on the War with the utmost Vigour, but to concert with the Generals of the Allies the proper Measures for entering upon Afilion; which Assurances were accordingly given by the said Duke; and the Confederate Army was thereupon ordered to be assembled; which, at that time was the strongest that had been in the Service during the whole Course of the War, and greatly superior to that of the Enemy:

notwithstanding which Premises, he the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, then of her Majesty’s Privy Council

4 F being

*94

31* Augusti.

A. 1715.

KatlofSfntf- bein^ inforinod of the realisable Prospect, which, by the ford's fuv Blessing of God, the Army of the Confederates then had, of gating new Conquells over die Army of France; io order to difoppoint the Expectations of the Allies, and to give Sueceft to the Secret and wicked Negotiations then carrying on by himself, and other evil Counsellors, with the Mini tiers of France, on divers very false and ground-

less Suggesttons and Allegations, and in Violation of tunny Treaties, then subsisting between her Majesty and the States General, as well as several other Princes; atfeve-ral times, and particularly by his Letter, of the 30th of April 1712, to Henry Viifcount then Henry

St.John Esquire, One of her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, did wickedly and treacherously suggest and advise, That a Cefiation of arms should be made with France by her Majesty without, and even against, the Consent of her good AUies and Confederates:

In pursuance of which wicked Couufels and Advices, Directions were afterwards privately lent, in her Majesty s Name to the Duke of in Flanders, to avoid en-

gaging in any Siege, or hazarding a Hattie, till further Orders j although nothing had been then settled in the said private Negotiations, for the Interest and Security of Great Britain:

And further, he the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, at that time also of her Majesty's Privy Council, did advise her late Majesty, That he biinself should be (but, aixl~accordingly lie was afterwards feat from England to the Army under the Duke of Ormond, in Flanders, with Directions, in her Majesty's Name, to cause a Cefiation of Arms to be made, and proclaimed, between her Majesty's and the French Artny, and a Separation to be made by the Troops of Great Britain from the Confederate Army; which were accordingly performed and executed by the Advice and Direction of him the said Earl, without the Consent, and contrary to the earnest Reprdentations, of her Majesty’s Confederates, and in open Violation and Defiance of the many Treaties thea subsisting between her Majesty and her good and faithful Allies:

ljy which wicked and perfidious Counsels and Practices of him the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, the Progress of the victorious Arms of the Confederates was (topped, and a most favourable Opportunity loft for conquering the Enemy; all Hopes of Confidence between her Majesty and lier Allies were intirely destroyed, and the French King made absolulc Master of the Negotiations of Peace* Article the (3th.

That he the said Thomas Earl of Strafford having, in Concert with other false and evil Couufellors, wickedly advised and procured the said fatal Cefiation of Arms, and likewise obtained for France the Separation of the Troops of Great Britain from the Confederate Army; in further -Execution of his treacherous Purposes, to advance and promote the Interests of France; and being determined, as for as in him lay, not only to render all future Correspondence, and good Harmony between her Majesty and the States General utterly impracticable, but designing, by all possible means to weaken and distrefe the said States, in order to bring them under an abiblute Necessity of complying and submitting to the Measures of France and, well knowing, that taking Possession of Ghent and Bruges vtas the readied means of effecting the fame; did wickedly and treacherously adviie, That a Party of the Queen's Troops should be font to march through feme of the Towns belonging to the States General, in hopes that the Commanders of the said Towns, incensed by such unjust and uunecessary Provocations, and through the Apprehensions of the ill Consequences that such Attempts and Proceedings might subject them to, would be induced to refute them Admittance, and thereby give a Pretence for putting in Execution the perfidious Designs and Resolutions which had been concerted by liim the find Earl, and other evil Counsellors, with the JVfiniiters of France; in pursuance of which wicked Advice, a Party of her Majesty's Troops was accordingly sent, with Orders to march through feme of the fortified Towns belonging to the States General;

and, on Pretence of their being denied Passage through the fame, the said treacherous and definitive Deltgn was immediately put in Execution, and Ghent and Bruges were seized upon by the Troops of Great Britain; whereby all Means of Cornmnnication between Holland and the Confederate Army being intirely cut off, or put into the Hands of those who had so lately and foamefully betrayed the common Cause, apparent Advantages and Encouragement were given to the French Army, and her Majesty’9 good and faithful Allies were deterred from forming or prosecuting any Designs against the common Enemy, since the same could not be pat in Execution without their Knowledge and Content, who, on many Occasions, had given the moist evident PrOofe of their Disaffeftkm to the Confederates, and of their firm Adherence to the interests of France.

AH which Crimes and Misdemeanors were committed and done by Inn the said Earl, against our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and Dignity, the Peace and Interest of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the feverni Trusts reposed in him the feidEarl: And he the said Earl of Strafford was of her late Majesty's Privy Council; her Arobaftkdor Extraordinary to the States General, and One of her Plenipotentiaries to treat of a good and general Peace with France, during the time that all and every thy Crimes before set forth were done and committed.

Ordered, That the said Articles be read a Second time, Article by Article.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the said Articles were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Articles of Impeachment against Thomas Earl of Strafford.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, laving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said Thomas Earl of Strafford; and that be may be put to answer the said Crimes and MiCJemeanors.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for fop porting the Dignity of her Royal High-nefc the Princefe, in calc file ft nail happen to fervive his Royal Highnefr the Prince of Wales: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Kemet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, with feme Amendments; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union.

Mr. Speaker left the C-bair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee; That they had made feme Prbgress in the Bill; and that they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rclulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Princess of

Wales*

Jointure*

Rennet

Navigation.

Public Debts of Scotland.

2 Geo." I

i° Septetnlrls. 205

Jovis, 1* <//V Septemhrts;

Anno 20 Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pit a v ERS.

Am*rs of A PETITION of the Three French Regiments of Foot, late under the Command of Major General Lamctonnicre, Brigadier Bclcajiell, and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, the Petitioners being all French Proleltant Refugees, and having served, the former War, in Flanders and,

with a Zeal suitable to the Gratitude they owe for that Protection they having received from the English Nation; this honourable House, out of a more particular Care for them, did, by a Resolution, of the ill of March 1698, appropriate, for Payment of their Arrears, the Sum of 32,5511. Qs. $d. Part of the 800,000l. then granted by the Act of Parliament, for Payment of the Arrears due k . to the Forces in Ireland, which puffed the Royal Assent on the I ft of February before; notwithstanding which,

' and contrary to the said Resolution, above One-third Part of that Money was with-held from them, and diverted to ether Purposes: That this honourable House, upon their Application, in the Years'1705, 1706, 1707, 170S, and 1709, being very sensible of the Grievance they had fuse tained, of the Jufincfe of their Demands, and the great Zeal they have ever since likewise lliewn, during the last War, in Flanders, Spain, and Portugal, where most of them have actually served her late Majesty, caused several Bills, at several Times, to be brought in for their Relief; which, for want of Time, did not pals: That, in the Year 1710, the Petitioners made their Application to this House; praying, That, as the Sums due to them were of the same Nature with the Deficiencies, the Payment whereof was, by a Bill then depending, assigned on the South Sea Company, their Payment, both Principal and Interest, might fikew He be affigrred to them on the said Company; seeing all thcle Deficiencies had been equally made good by the Parliament* and, upon pressing Stare Exigencies, applied, by the Government, to other Uses than they had been intended for: That the Petitioners, notwithstancfing the goodnds of their Cause, having had the Misfortune not to be comprehended itr the said Bill, which w as passed into an Act; therefore humbly hope, that you w ill take their Right into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to your Wisdom shall seem meet: And praying this honourable House, to impower the Conir missioners to be appointed for taking, and stating, the Debts due to the Army, that they may settle and determine what is lawfully due to the Petitioners; aodrthettrthe Petitioners tray be paid, in the manner that shall be judged the most proper and convenient

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Uxbridge A Bill lor repairing and amending the Highways be* Roads. tween Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Bejblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenyns, Sit Roger Hill, Mr. Smithfou, Sir Tko. Scawen, Sir John Ward, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Aifiabie, Mr. jDtoe/f-minique, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lcxondes, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Onjloxv, Sir John Tiru hit, Mr. Mr. Letchr

mere. Lord Shelburne, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Fist on, Mr. Fairer, Mr. IlilL, Lord IPm.Pozdett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Newport,. Sir Mr. Ilamage, Mr. Plumptrcc, Mr. Nevill, Sir Richard *€rsuch, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Walpole, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pitt, Sir Jam Mr. Carter; and all that servefor the Counties of Bucks, and

Oxford:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Inifrufition to the said Committee, That they do particularize, in the Bill, the Places to be repaired; and that the Money to be collected be applied, only, to repair those Places,. after the statutable Work done by the ParUhea in which those Places lie. Yol. IS.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Com* iniftee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Parishes in which the ruinous Ways to be repaired are, do give Securities, That those Ways shall be repaired by a limited Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to restrain Carriages from carrying excessive Weights within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwarlt, and their Liberties.

A Clause being offered to the House, parfuant to the Earl of Order of Yesterday, for laving Liberty to the Commons Strafford's to exhibit any further Articles against Thomas Earl of I"peac ,mc"tv Strafford; and that he may be put to answer the Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and MifdCmeaDors against him;

The same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House: and is as follows; viz.

And the said Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, by Protestation, laving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting; at any time hereafter, any other Accusation, or Impeachment, against the said Thomas Earl of Strafford; and also of replying to the Answer that the said Thornets Earl of Strafford shall make onto the said Articles, or any of them, or of offering Proof of the Preraifes, or any other Impeachments, or Accusations, that shall be exhibited by them, as the same shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray. That tire said Thomas Earl of Strafford be put to answer the said Crimes and Mifrfe* meanors, and receive such condign Punishment as the same shall deserve; and that foeh Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon every of them, had and used, as are agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed with the Articles of Impeachment against the said Thomas Earl of Strafford.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Members to Commission-

Srepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons ers for Arm/

Iames t6bc Commissioners for putting in Execution the Bill to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army;

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side of the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names to be the said Commissioners:

And the said Lifts, being received, were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee t)G appointed to inspect tile said Lifts; and report, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred’ to Lord Wm. , Mr.

Sir Tho. Palmer, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Sbdpptn, Mr. Smith, Mir. Chetwynd, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr.

Moleficorlh, Ml-. Barrington, Mr* London; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately; into the Speakers Chamber; and report to the House, upotl which Seven Persons the Majority fells And they withdrew accordingly.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee appointed Sufferer* b/ to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by gtt^jjr their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Cfoimo William Hunt, William Parrot', and others; as to Customs for Goods burnt and destroyed by the late Fire don, That they had drawn of Reasons accordingly; which they baddirested-him to report fd the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them m at the Clerk’s Tahlfe: Where they were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships, in Profs the First, Line the 23d;

Because it is inconsisten-f with what follows hi the Bill:

for,

Princess of

Wales’

Jointure.

Ulieger'8,&c.

Nat.

Lord Rosse’t Mate.

Ho&yns's

Estate.

FroviAon for kliniftere of New

Churches.

Kennet,

Navigation.

296

— 1* Septembris.

for, in this Cafe, there is no Danger of Fraud, if the Examination should be taken before One Baron of the Exchequer; and they observe, it will be improper to alter it to Two or. more Barons here, when the Certificate is afterwards allowed, by the Bill, to be made out by one Baron only, under his Hand.

The Commons also disagree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships, in Line the 25th;

Because the Bill directs, That the Certificate; or Certificates, shall be made by the said Barons, or any of them, expressing their Satisfaction as to the Proof of the respective Losses; which will make it the Interest of the several Sufferers to produce all the Proof that can be obtained.

The Commons also disagree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships, in Prese the 2d, Line the 37th;

Because the Objection remains as in the First Amendment.

They also disagree to your Lordships Amendment, in Press the 3d, Line the 1 ith, for the Reasons alleged in the same of the Second Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Colmore do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject matter of the said Amendments.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princefe, in case she shall happen to survive his Royal Highness the Prince, of Wales, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refoboed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refoboed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Robert de Ulieger, George Christian

and others, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Rosse, of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to make a Jointure on Mary Viscountess Rosse his Wife; and a Settlement on his I flue Male, with Provision for younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, to enable Sir Hungerford Hoskyns Baronet to raise Monies to discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions j and to settle a Jointure on a Wife: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making Provision for the Ministers for the new Churches, which are built, or to be built, in and ahout the Cities of London and and Suburbs

thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River net navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, be now taken into Consideration.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration accordingly:

» And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 3. Line 38. After " Lord ," insert " the Right honourable William Lord "

A. 1715;

Pr. 5. L. 25. Before " Gentlemen," insert "and " John Potenger of Burgfeild

Pr. 16. L. 40. After " them," insert " and they are " hereby required

L. 42 After " aforesaid," insert " from time " to time."

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Thomas Earl of Strafford were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlaby do carry the said Articlea to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlaby, before he exhibit the said Articles, do, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeach the said Thomas Earl of Strafford of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead, be heard at the Bar of this House

upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Aiflaby reported, That he had, according to Order, been at the Lords, and, at their Bar, impeached Thomas Earl of Strafford of High Crimes and Misdemeanors i and delivered to, and left with, the Lords the Articles of Impeachment against him.

v

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 2° die Septembris;

Anno 2’ Georgii Regis, 1715.

P RATERS.

MR. Colemore reported, That he had, according to the Order of Yesterday, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject-mat-ter of the Amendments, made by them, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Arme Milner, Thomas Colemore, William Hunt, William Parrot, and others, as to Customs for Goods burnt and destroyed by the late Fire in Thames-street, London; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and have appointed the same to be this Day at One of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Mr. Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Lifts, given in by the Members Yesterday, of Seven Persons to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Bill to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army; and to report to the House, on which Seven Persons the Majority fell; That they had examined the Lifts; and that the Majority had fallen upon Thomas Smith.,of Glafcow, Esquire, Thomas Pelham, Esquire, Grey Neville, Esquire, John Plumptree, Esquire, Leonard Smelt, Esquire, Sir William Gordon, Baronet, and Sir Thomas Paimer. Baronet; which Report he delivered in at the Table; Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, be read the Third time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Rosse, of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to make a Jointure on Mary Viscountels Rosse his Wife; and a Settlement on his Issue Male, with Provision for younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill fropi the Lords, intituled, An Act to

enable

Earl of Strafford’*

Impeachment.

M ineitt&i Election.

Earl of

Strafford*

Impeachment*

Confereaco with Lord* — Fire in Thames-street.

Commiflfott-ere for Arms Debts.

Lord Rosse* Mate.

Hotkyns’f

Mate.

2 Geo. I.

2° Septembr

*97

Conference with Lords-Fire in Thames fireeL

Commissioners for Army LtebU.

Uxbridge

Hoads.

St Mary Wolnoth Church.

enable Sir Hungerford Hoskyns Baronet to raise Monies

to discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions; and to settle a Jointure on a Wife; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the Rea-fons, to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Anne ner, Thomas Colemore, William Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to Customs for Goods burnt or destroyed by the late Fire in Thames-street, London, be appointed Managers for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to the said Bill.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

Mr. Lowther reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

An ingrafted Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was read the Third time.

And the Commissioners Names were inserted in a Blank left in the Bill for that Purpose.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Press Line Before the Word "State," to insert " and; " and, after " State," to leave out " balance and " determine: ’*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent excessive Weights being carried within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark,

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Prideaux, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Wynn, Sir Mouhtague Blundell, Mr. Knyaston, Mr. Morice, be added to the said Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn arid Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Church of St. Mary Wolnoth, London, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, That the said Parish Church was intirely burnt down by the late dreadful Lire in 1666; and, by an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of King Charles the Second, was included in the Fifty-one Churches, which, by the said Act, were to be rebuilt; all which, except the said Parish Church, have been rebuilt, out of the Monies appropriated by the said Act, and other subsequent Acts for that Purpose: That, soon after the said Fire, for the Conveniency of the Inhabitants, the said Church was only repaired; and the old Walls of the South Side, East and West Ends, and Tower, thereof, being since very much decayed, are become so weak and ruinous, that the Parishioners, from their Apprehensions of the dangerous Condition thereof, by the Advice of Surveyors, have fhoared Part of the Roof thereof, which is defective, as well as the Walls, which might Otherwise have fallen down, to secure them in their resorting to Divine Service: That, in order to their obtaining the Rebuilding thereof, the Petitioners applied to the honourable House of Commons; and, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, for granting a longer Time to the Commissioners for building 50 Vof.; 18.

new Churches, therein letting forth, That there was a Necessity of rebuilding the said PariAi Church, it wa*

Enacted, That the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lc*4 Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, or any Two of them, may appropriate, out of the Surplus of the Monies arising by the Duties and Impositions of Twelve Pence per Chalder, or Twelve Pence per Ton, on Coals, applicable for the Purposes in the Act of the First Year of the late King James the Second mentioned, after the Cathedral Church oiSt. Paul's be finished, and adorned, and other Charges upon the said Duties discharged, so much Money as shall be sufficient for rebuilding and finishing the said Parish Church, and Tower thereof: That the Petitioners, not having any Benefit thereby, applied, by Petition, to his Grace the Lord Archbishop of Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for Rebuilding thereof; and his Grace was plealed, in the Month of July last, by Letter, to signify, for Answer,

That St. Paul's Church is not yet finished; and their Debts being very great, and the Coal Duty, out of which it is to be paid, being shortly to expire, the Petitioners must wait till those Obstructions are removed; as by his Grace’s Letter, may appear: That the Walls, of the said Church are now much more decayed, and cracked in several Places; and Parts thereof are continually dropping; so that, by the Apprehensions the Parishioners are under of its falling, most of them dare not resort thither: And praying, That, as, by his Grace’s said Answer, the pious Intentions of this honourable House, by the said Aftj seem to be ineffectual for rebuilding their laid Church,... will be plealed to take their same into Consideration; and, out of the Duties appropriated for building the Fifty new Churches, to order so much Money for Rebuilding and Finishing of their said Parish Church, and Tower; or to make such other Provision, for Rebuilding thereof, as to your great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Provision for the Ministers for the new Churches built, or to be built, in and about the Cities of London and Wtzstimnster, and Suburbs thereof, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Commissioners for Building the Fifty new Churches to apply Part of the Monies granted by the Act of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, to the rebuilding the said Parish Church of St. Mary Wolnoth, to be repaid out of the Monies appropriated by the Act Of the Tenth Year of her said Majestys Reign, for the rebuilding the said Church.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Halford: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Sufferer* by That they do not insist on the Amendments, made by £*re " their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colemore, William Hunt,

William Parrot, and others, as to Customs for Goods

burnt or destroyed by the- late Fire in

London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Public Debt* of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Scot‘ttnd‘ House, to consider further of the Bill for taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ^T?c*fs of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jom^urfe the Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal High nets the Prin-eels, in case lheftiall happen to survivethe Prince, of Wales.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Provision for whole House, upon the Bill for making Provision for the Minister* of Ministers for the new Churches, which are built, or to be church* built, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, u and Suburbs thereof

4 G Mr.

Lords desire leave for a Member to Attend them.

Low Laiton Manor.

Kensington

Itoad.

2° — 3° Sep

A. 17.15.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 30 d;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Rogers and

Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordships desire William Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House, may have Leave to attend the Committee of the House of Lords, to whom the Bill intituled, An Act for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame, stands committed.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Itcfolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Manor of Low Laiton, in the County of Etf'cx and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Low Laiton is settled; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

A Petition of Peter Layinge, and Tanner Arnold Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in the Years 1710 and 1711, upon the Application of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Kensington, did take upon them the Office of Surveyors of the Highways; and, finding the Highways in the said Parish so very bad, by the Neglect of former Surveyors, that it became dangerous for Travellers; that the Petitioners, in amending the said Highways in the said Year of 1710, did advance and expend, over and above the Statute-work, and a Rate of Sixpence a Pound, upon Gravel, and other Materials, and Labour, 242/. 17 4d.

of their own Money; but, in the next Year following, the Petitioners favea the Sum of 72/. 5 out of the

Money arising by the Penalties of Defaulters in their Duty; which reduced the aforesaid Debt to 170/. 7s. 11 d. which is now unpaid, and most justly due to the Petitioners, as appears by their Account made upon Oath, and allowed by the Junices in the Division of at a Special

Sessions, upon the Highways, as the Law directs: By reaton of Monies being laid out by the Petitioners, the Ways were ib well amended, that there has not been, for thele Four Years, any Rate of Six Pence per Pound laid; That the Petitioners can have no Relief from the Parish, by reason there is no Provision, in any Law now in Force, to impower them to make a Rate to reimburse them their

1*

said Sum of 170/. 7 s.lid. so laid Out for the publick Service; which many of the said Parish is very willing and ready to do, by a Rate, or Rates, not exceeding Six Pence a Pound, in any Year or Years, when the same is not wanted for the Service of that Year; provided they have a Clause, in feme Act, to give Sanction thereto, and enforce the fame: And praying your Honours will be pleased to take the Premises into your Consideration, now that a Bill for repairing the Roads, between Tyburn and Uxbridge is depending before this honourable House;

and give them such Relief, as to your Honours great Wisdom and Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tybum and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief.

The House took into Consideration the Message from Leave refried the Lords, this Day brought from their Lordship3, in for a Mem‘ relation to Mr. Lorwndes, a Member of this House: all

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That William Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to attend the- Committee of the House of Lords, to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the fame, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Message.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr.

Smith, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Mr. Cater, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Carter, Mr. Recorder, Sir David Dalrymple, Lord Wm. Powlett: And they are to meet on Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning PuWick

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the T'erms of the Union.

Ordered, That it be an InstruCHon to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case flie shall happen to survive his Royal Highness the Prince, of Wales, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Annuity of One hundred thousand Pounds per,

intended to be settled upon his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, be paid, clear of all Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the' Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee,

That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer reported, from the Committee of the whole Provision for

House, to whom the Bill for making Provision for the Miniuer»-a Ministers for the new Churches, which are built, or to be £.ew

built,

llinehead

Jtiedion.

Cope's

Eliute.

Prtnctfi of \\ ales' Jointure*

'i Geo. I. 30 — 50 — 6° 299

built, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-and Suburbs thereof, was committed, the Amendments grofled. they had directed him to report to the House; which

he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Art ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through- to naturalize Theodore Boucher, and Fran-

out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon was read a Second time,

the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amend- That the Bill be committed to Mr.

rnents to One of them, agreed unto by the House. land, Mr. Mason, Sir Mount agu Blundell, Mr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Mr. Butler, Sir Richard Steel, Mr Sir John

grossed. struther, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Lade, Mr. Benson,

Mr. Molineux, Sir Charles Turner, Mr Mr.

The Order being read, for the Hearing the Merits of Mr. BiJJe, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Smith, Lord Harvey,

the Election for the Borough of Minehead; - Mr. Micklethzcait, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ash, Mr. London,

A Motion being made, and the Question being pat, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mr.

That the Counsel be called in j Monson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

The House divided. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ } 37-

Tellers for the Noes, { j

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides w ere called in:

And the Petition, complaining of the said Election and Return, was read:

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to examine Witnesses, touching the Partiality of the Constables, who returned the Sitting Members; and also, to add several Persons to the Petitioners Poll, who offered to vote for them, and were refused by the Constables.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 50 die Septembris;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

P R A t e 11 s.

THE Right honourable Frederica Countels of Hoi-dtrness took the Oaths appointed, iu order to her

Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Cope Esquire, to settle an additional Jointure, out of his Estate, on Elizabeth his now Wife; and also toraife Portions and Maintenances for his Daughters and younger Children by her; and to enable those in Remainder to do the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Coningsby, Lord IVm. Mr. Coventry, Sir

Charles Turner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Lon-

don, Sir John Tirwhitt, Mr. Fielding, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Monson, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Sawbridge, Mr. Lyd-dall, Mr. Butler, Mr. Western, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Montague Blundell, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Allanfon, Mr. Ducanc, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Gould, Mr. Molyneux: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Piin-cds, in case the shall happen to lurvive his Royal Highness the Prince, of Wales, was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Vox.. IS.

An ingrafted Bill for making Provision for the Ministers of the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of Lotiddn and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of St.Mary Wolnoth, in the said City of London.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Martisy 6° die Septembris j

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prat ers.

J^FSOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock, as the yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir HungerfordHo/kyns Baronet, to raise Monies

to discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions; and to settle a Jointure on a Wife; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord by, Mr. Wyld, Mr. London, Mr. Mr. Nevill, Mr.

Baylie, Lord Wm. Poxvlett, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Treby, Mr. Loiother, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Ferrers, General Cadogan, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Mr. Carter, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Wallop, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Stcuart, Mr Bristow, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Sir David Mr. Ash, Sir

Win. Thompson, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Denton, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel;

and all thatferve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Rosse, of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to make a Jointure on Mary Viscountess Ilofe his Wife, and a Settlement on his Issue Male, with Provision for younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Mr. Yonge, Lord Wm. Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Smith, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Mr. Wild,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Bijs, Mr DMr. London, Mr.

Addijon,

Gravier*, &c. Nat.

Provision for Ministers of New ' Churches.

Enlarging South Sea Stock.

Hoftyns'

Estate.

Lord Rosse's Estate*

Cravitr*#, \c. Nat.

Princess of AV ales' Jointure.

[.aws relating to Coals. &c.

6° — 70 Sep

300

Addison, Mr. XeviU, Mr. CartColonel Mr.

Strickland, Mr. Mole/icortk, Mr. Plump tree, Mr.

Mr. Nor they. Sir EdmundPrideaux, Mr General

Cadogan, Mr. Egerton, Brigadier Mr.

Mr. Lout her, Mr. AllanfonMr. Coventry, Sir llogcr Bradjhicw, Mr. Chaply n, Mr. Hopkins Sir Cha.

Sir Mount Blundell, Mr. Sloper, Mr. IViln And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Strickland reported, from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Gravier, Theodore Boucher, and Francis

Mu(jbn, was committed, That they had made feme Amend* ments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they uere twice read; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 3. After " aflerobled," insert "

" Countess of Holdemejs, Daughter of Maynard Duke " Schonberg, by Carolina his Wile, born at in

" Brandenburgh

L. 21. After the Word " laid," insert " Frederica Countess of Hotderuefs

L. 34. After die Word " laid,’’ the same Amendment:

Pr. 2. JL 6. After the Word " make," insert " lier:

L. 7. After the Word "to," insert " her L. 12. After die Word "them," insert "or

" any:"

L. 15. After the Word which," insert

« (he

L. 21. After the Word " said," insert " Frederica Countess of Holdemejs

L. 37. After the Word said," insert " -

" derica Countess of Holderness

Pr. 3. L. 4. After the Word " themselves," insert

A.

17J5'

" or any

L. 5. After the Word " them," insert " or

any.

Coals, Hemp, and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and die Assize of Bread; and for giving Powqr to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire die* Concurrence of this House.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' Palatines for allowing a Time for Two hundred and Thirteen Fa- Nat* milies of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order being read, for the House to refqlve itself Public Debts into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further " Scotland* of the Bill for taking and dating the Debts due, and growing du to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and of the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.| ^Pringle: }

Tellers for to Noes,} 4J.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

An ingrossfed Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for suppovtitig the Dignity of her Royal High-nels the Princess, in case (lie shall survivehis Royal High-nels the Prince, of Wales, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the 100,000 intended

(or the Prince of Wales, shall be specially charged upon such Branches, or Parts of the Customs and Excise, as are applicable to the U fes of the Civil Government; and he paid by the Commissioners or Receivers General of those Revenues rdpcfuvely to the Prince, or tohisTrca-furer, for his Use:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be nude ‘Pert of the Bill.

An Amendment w-as proposed to be made to the Bill, Prels 8. Line la ft, After " to," to insert " or out of the M Revenues aforesaid, or of, in, or to

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'ohed, Neniine contradicente. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle 0 Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal llighnels the Princess, in case flic shall survive his Royal Higlmefs the Prince, of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Mcffiige from the Loftls, by Sir Thomas Gery and

Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. S|>eaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to

Morning.

The House proceeded, to the further Hearing the Me- Minehead rits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead: e

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel examined ’ several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members: And then the Petitioners Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, y* die Sep;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE Lord William Ponvlett reported from the Com- Privilege — mittee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the Libellone Author, Printer, and Publiflier, of the false, scandalous, and traiterous, Libel, intituled, The Evening from

Tuesday, June the Twenty-first, to Thursday, June the 30th, 1715, That they had inquired into the same accordingly j and had directed him to report to the House how they find the fame: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Expiring Amendments, mjrde by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, L*w*'

An

Uxbridge

Roads.

Earl of Oxford's Im-l>eachment.

Enlarging South Sea Sto ck.

2 Geo. I. 7° — 8° Sopte 301

An A6fc>for continuing several JLa^s, -feerein h&efttfched, relating to Coals, Hemp, and Flax* JriskhndiScotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread ;and for gitfngPeWver to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the County©f Anglesea, iot the Purposes therein mentioned:

And-the ikme were twice -read; and, upon the Quction severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; attd are as follows; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 9. After "else where," insert "except as in the fwd AS is excepted

L. 12. Leave out from " notwithstanding," to " Be it," in the 19th Line; and, after " Be it," insert " neverthelessand, in the same Line, leave out " furthenand leave out from " enacted," to " that," in the 24th Line:

L. 24. Leave out "notwithstanding:"

L. 30. Leave out " the said County in general

"for."

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry ’the Bifl to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sir Thomas Cross reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of M'uldlesex,

was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Ame ndments to some of the said Amendments, as far as Clause A, agreed unto by the House:

Clause A being read a Second time, That the Churchwardens and Surveyors of Kenfnihall be impowered to lay an Assessment upon their Parishioners, to satisfy 170/. 7 j. 11 d.due to Peter Lavigand Tanner Arnold

Esquires, for what was laid out by them when Surveyors of that Parish, over and above what could be done by the Statute-work, and by laying a Rate of Six Pence in the Pound for that Year;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

A MeflTage from the Lords,- by Sir Thomas Gery and

Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Iloule, That the Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer hath put in his Answer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him for High Treason, and other High Crimes and Miltlemeanorsand to deliver this House a true Copy thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Answer be read upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock, as the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, for the publick Dies therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instructiott to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to importer the railing any Sum, not exceeding One hundred sixty-nine thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities, at the Rate of Five Poafids per per Annum, to be redeemable by Parliament, and to be charged on a Fund of Nine thousand One hundred Pounds per Annum, being the Ilefoqihder of a yearly Sum of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Pounds payable.out of the Aggregate or General Fund of the Governor and Company of the Batik of England; and for which further' Provisionslare made by an Act of this Session of Parliament in that behalf. Vol. IS.

Ofddned, VJtttit be ah Iifltro&ioh to the fttid Committee, That they have Power to receive a'Claefe of Appropriation.

Then the House reiblved itself iftto fee feid Costt* mittee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrir took the Chair of the CoramrtteJe.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received ToAndrroW Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of fee whole House, to whom the Bill for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act J~\ to naturalize Peter Gravier, Theodore Boucher, and Francis Mason, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz. After " naturalize," to insert " Frederica Countess of Holdemefs:"

And fee same was, upon fee Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, wife the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to fee fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their LordQiips Concurrence.

A Petition of Anne Cater, of Eastern, in the County of

Bedford, Widow, John Burton, of of Eaton Socon, and Stephen Norman, of FilmershaHi, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Hearing the Merits of the Election for the said County, at the Bar of this House, the Petitioners were severally fommoned by, or on the behalf of, John Harvey Esquire, then fed Sitting Member for the said County, by Warrants froth the Speaker of this honourable House, to appear, and testify their Knowlege touching tftfe said Electron; fend the Petitioners did appear accordingly; and were examined at the Bar of the said House: That the said Petitionere were at great Expences in their Journey up, and also while in Town, to attend the said Hearing, in Obedience to the said Warrants; and, having desired the said Mr. Hdrxey to give the Petitioners reasonable Satisfaction for firch their Journey and Expences, he hath refilfed so to do: And praying, That this honourable House will be pleased to give them such Relief in fee Premisesj-aS to ybur Honours shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Harvey do j>ay the Petitioners their reasonable Charges, to be settlecf By Mr. Speaker.

The House resumed the arijourhed Debate upon Clause A, reported, as an Amendment, Yesterday, to the Rill for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in fee County of Midmejhx:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be rfiade Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

4 II Another

Public Debte of Scotland.

Gravier^, &c. Nat.

Witnesses

Expeufesona

controverted

Election.

Uxbridge

Roads.

Steward* Accounts in Scotland.

Enlarging South Sea Stock.

Mmebead

Election.

Enlarging South Son Stock.

302 ' 8* — 90 Septembris. A. 1715.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to restrain Carriages from carrying excessive Weights within the Cities of London, Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; and by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Waggon, or Cart, carrying Corn unground to Uxbridge or Brentford Markets, upon the Market-days,

shall be liable to the Toll by this Act granted;

And the said Clause was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for passing the Accounts of the Stewards, Bailiffs, Chamberlains, or others concerned to pass Accounts, commonly called Property Accounts, in Scotland, as they were in Use to be passed before die Union: And that Sir David Dalrymple, and Mr. Lmmdes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging as well the capital Stock, as the yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby the Sum of Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, for the publick Uses therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Iris Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with feme Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving an Allowance to such Persons as have contributed, or advanced, any Sum of Money upon the former Act, for an Annuity after the Rate of per Cent, per An-

num, and have paid to the Cashier the Whole, or or any greater Part, of the Contribution-money, for purchasing such Annuity:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was,' upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

publick Uses; and for raising One hundred sixty-nine thousand Pounds, for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty;. was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 23. L. To leave out " as aforesaid;" and, instead thereof, to insert *

And the ferae was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enlarging the capital Stock, and yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby 822,032/. 4$. 8 d.to publick Uses; and for railing 169,000l. for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Air. Hiecocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act YuleVacanc* for shortening the Time of the Yule Vacance in that Part in Scotland, of Great Britain called Scotland, with some Amendments:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A fit Preventing to prevent Disturbances by Seamen, and others; and to Disturbance* prefer ve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy ^7 Seamen. Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; and for reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; without Amendment. Also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Gravier'i. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize *c- Nat. Peter Gravier, Theodore Boucher, and Francis

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the High- Uxbridge ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Roads. Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Cross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members examined Witnesses, to disqualify several of the Persons, whom the Petitioners would have added to their Poll.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till 'Saturday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die;

Anno a’^ Georgii Regis, 1715.

Colonel Bladen, according to Order, reported, from the Public Debts Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *n Scotland, taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That none of the Commissioners, to be appointed pursuant to the Act, shall incur any Penalty or Disability whatsoever, for putting the same in Execution:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

PnAYsas.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the capital Stock, and yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, to

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Princefr for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting of Wal '

jjg Joiaturo.

Provision for Ministert of new Churches.

Franking Letters by Members.

Earl of Oxford's Im« pe ashmen t.

Low Lai ton Manor.

Hoskyn's

dilate.

2 Geo. I. 9* — 10° — 12° Septembris. 305

the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case lhe shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince, of Wales, without Amendment. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A 6k for making Provision for the Ministers of the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for re-

building and finishing the Parish Church of St. Mary JVol-notk, in the said City of London; without Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, of great Abuses in franking Post Letters, tending to the lessening his Majesty’s Revenue, and to the Duperfing of feditibus and scandalous Libels;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That no Member of this House do presume to frank any Letter, unless the whole Superscription of such Letter be of his own Handwriting.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That no Letter, directed to any Member of this House, be carried free of the Duty of Postage, unless such Member then actually resides at the Place to which such Letter is dire6ked;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeHer, for fteY* }38.

TeUer, for.he } 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to frank any publick Newspapers, to be sent to the Country, but such as are printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he w ill be graciously pleased to give proper Directions to the several Offices where Letters are franked, to prevent the Abuses in fending, and receiving, Letters free of the Duty of Postage.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-rebtions to the Governor General of the Post Office to keep an Account of all such Letters as are carried free of the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Answer of Robert Earl of Oxford ' and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment against him be read upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Manor of Low Laiton, in the County of Essex, and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Low Laiton is settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Hungerford Hofkyns Baronet, to raise Monies

to discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions; and to settle a Jointure on a Wife; was committed; That they Voh. IS.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafa.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for taking and stating the Debts due, pni, iic Debt, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in of Scotland, the Terms of the Union, was read the Third time:

And the Blank in the Oath, mentioned in the Bill, was filled up, with the Title of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be.

An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen do carry the Bill to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded in the further hearing the Merits Minehead of the Election for the Borough of Minehead: EledHon.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Sitting Members Counsel examined several Witnesses, to disqualify other Persons who had voted for the Petitioners:

And then the Sitting Members Counsel summed up their Evidence:

And the Petitioners Counsel replied.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

The Question being put, That Sir William Wyndham Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Miin the County of Sonterfet:

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Sir John Trevelyan Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That James Milner Esquire is duly ele6ked a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Samuel Edwin Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mine-head is a void Election.

Ordered, That no Warrant do issue, during this Session of Parliament, for the making out a new Writ, for the electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lurue> 12° die Septembris;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715*

Prayers.

MR. London reported from the Committee, to whom CopeU the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Cope Esquire, to settle an additional Jointure, out of his Estate, on ElizabethYra now Wife; and also to raise Portions and Maintenances for his Daughters,

and

Earl of Oxford’s Impeachment.

£04 i 2B Septembers.

ajjd yOupggr Chj|flrep».ty her;.(U)d to enable those in Re-jm^nper to dp the/aspe; jv^ corngnittod; That, pursuant "to7 t^e Sts^nd i ojc Qrffer of the Uoufe,.publick Nofae, to the Satisfaction of the Coramitfee, baa been given of the m; ,an.d rthat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

'The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, apd acquaint them, That Ibis Jloufe hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Answer of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment against; him was, according to Order, read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Answer of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for High Treafoq, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, supposed to have been by him committed.

THE said Earl, saving to himself all Advantages of Exception to the said Articles, and of not being prejudiced by any Words, or Want of Form, in this Ins Answer; and also saving to himself all Rights and Privileges belonging to him as One of the Peers of this Realm; for Answer to the said Articles, faith; He admits, many so* lemn Treaties and Alliances have been formerly entered into between the Crown of England and other Princes and Potentates of Europe, for their mutual Security, and to prevent the immoderate Growth of the Power of France, which might prove daDgerous to the neighbouring Princes and States; and that tlterefore it was laid down as a fundamental Principle, and Maxim of Union, amongst th,e Allies, That France and Spain should never come, and be united, under the same Government; and that one and the same Person should not be King of both those Kingdoms: And he apprehends, that the principal View and Aim of the Allies was, to settle and maintain an equal Balance of Power in Europe; and, since the conjunction of Spain to the Dominions of France might possibly ensue from the Duke of Anjou being possessed of that Crown, the dispossessing him was desired, as the most likely Means to prevent that Conjunction; and, for the same Reason, the Union of Spain with the Empire must have been equally fatal, and the Prevention of it equally the Design of the Alliance; nor could the Continuance of Spain in the House of Bourbon be, in any respect, prejudicial to the Allies, if the Union of that Crown with France could be prevented: As new Dangers of such Union have been apprehended, new Treaties and Stipulations have been entered into among the Allies, to obviate such Dangers; and, particularly, the Treaty for an intended Partition feem8 to have been concluded upon that View’: And, though he acknowleges the Wifdoin of Parliament in condemning that Treaty, as prejudicial, and fatal in its Consequences, to England, and the Peace of Europe; yet he

prelimies, it was not condemned because Part of the Dominions of the Crown of Spain were thereby allotted to the House of Bourbon, but because such considerable Parts of those Dominions, as the Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, the Province of Guipofcoa, and other Territories, were allotted to that Branch of the House of Bourbon to whom the Crqwn of France was to defeend; which might have been a great and dangerous Addition to the then formidable Strength of that Crown; and because it was made against the repeated Remonstrances of Charles the Second, then King of Spain; who declared, by his Ambassador, That such Partition Treaty could have no other EffeCfc, than to force Spain to throw itself into the Arms of

A. 1715.

France, so prevent the Dismembering of Mon-

archy: And that it had this Consequence, appeared upon the Death of that Prince; who leenas to have been induced, by that Cpnfiderahon, to bequeath the intire Monarchy of Spain to the Duke of Aryou, a younger Branch of the House of Bourbon; who, accordingly, upon the ‘Demise of -the said King Charles the Second, took Possession of the Monarchy of Spain But this Accession of the Duke of Aryan to the Crown of Spain did not produce the Alliance, in the Article mentioned, between Leopold then Emperor of Germany, his late Majesty King William the Third, of aver-glorious Memory, and the Slates General, as immediately necessary at that Juncture; for King William, as wellas the State6 General, acknowleged the Duke of Anjou as King of Spain; thereby allowing, that the Duke of Arypu’s Enjoyment of the Monarchy of Spain,

while he was but a younger Branch of the House of Bourbon, was not inconsistent with the Liberties of , or the Preservation of a due Balance of Power: And afterwards, when the French King had seized the Spanish. Netherlands, King William, by Advice of Parliament, came in to the Assistance of the States, as an Auxiliary only, by fending, upon their Request, Ten thousand Meu, which England was obliged, by Treaties, to furnilli, in case the States were attacked: After which, many Conferences passed, at the Hague, betwixt the Ministers of England and the States, and those of France, in order to find out feme Expedient, by which, upon a reasonable division of the Dominions of Spain, a new War might be prevented: And the States, in the Course of those Conferences, often afierted, That though they had acknowleged Philip king of Spain, yet such an Acknowlegement was not contrary to the Demand of a reasonable Satisfaction to be given to the Emperor for his Pretensions to the Succession; which was, in Effect, to declare, That the Satisfaction demanded for the Emperor was such, as would leave King Philip in Possession of Spain: But those Conferences broke off, about August 1701, without Fftect; and, in September following, King William entered into the Grand Alliauce with the Emperor, and the States General; whereby it was agreed, That, in the First place, Endeavours should be used, by amicable Means, to obtain the Satisfaction desired for the Emperor, who probably, at that time, would have accepted a very ealy Composition for his Pretensions: But when the French King acknow-leged the Pretender as King of England, which not long after happened, his Majesty King William, and the Parliament of England, justly provoked by this Affront, resolved to enter into the War, which had been begun by the Emperor alone, in Italy, the Year before: And the late Queen mentions this Indignity as the chief Motive of her engaging in it, as appears by her Declaration of War against I ranee and Spain, in May One thousand Se ven hundred and Two.

The laid Earl admits the several Treaties set forth in the Preamble to the said Articles; and that such Advice was given by Parliament, and such Speeches were made from the Throne, as in the said Preamble arc mentioned; but, for more Certainty, begs Leave to refer himself to the very Treaties, Addresses of Parliament, and Speeches, when they shall be produced: And he humbly hopes, your Lordships will allow him to observe, That those Treaties manifestly shew, that the Design of the Allies, in endeavouring the Recovery of Spain from the House of Bourbon, was, to prevent the Union of those Two potent Kingdoms in one and the same Person: In the Grand Alliance, in 1701, the avowed Ends thereof are, the procuring an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty for his Pretension to the Spanish Succession; the Security of the Dominions of the King of Great,

and States General, with the Navigation and Commerce of their Subjects; the preventing the Union of France and Spain under the same Government; and the Territories and Provinces, pointed out in the Fifth Article; were the furthest Views of that Alliance; whereby it was thought his Imperial Majesty would receive the utmost Satisfaction, which he could reasonably demand, for his Pretension

Gock 2

*‘.i ILtEsNb&ii.

a Geo. I. ia° Septembris. 305

tension to the Spanish Successron: No mention Is made her Majesty to proceed in the Negotiations, then depend- Earl of of the Recovery of the whole Monarchy of Spain to the ing, for obtaining a speedy Peace; lb the House of Lords Oxford's Im* House <A Aujliia, either in the Grand Alliance, or in the allured her Majesty, That they intirely relied on her P*acliment-Defensive one, made tire same Year, between his Majesty Majesty’s Wtftlom tofimfli that great and good Work;

King William and the States General: And wires, in the . And, after her Majesty had concluded a Peace on those Treaty between the Emperor, the Queen of Great Bri- Terms, both Houses of Parliament severally congratu-tain, and the States General, on the one Part, and the lated her Majesty on the Conclusion of the Peace; and King of Portugal on die other, about May 1703, it was aftb joined in an Addrest, of the 22d of April 1714, conceited to place Archduke Charles, the present Empe- expressing their just Sense of her Majesty’s Goodness to ror, upon the Throne of Spain, he was then but a younger her People, in delivering them, by a safe, honourable, and Branch of the House of Austria; and there is great Rea- advantageous Peace with France and Spam, from the foil to believe, that the Queen, as well as other Princes of heavy Burthen of a'confirming Land War, unequally car-Europe, and, in particular, the King of Portugal, did not ried on, and become at last impracticable, think a Treaty to procure the Crown of Spain for the He the said Earl acknowleges, That her Majesty was Archduke, w hen a younger Branch of the House of Austria, pleased, about August 1710, to re-admit him, among did lay any Obligation of procuring tlrnt Monarchy, for others, to a Place in her Council, and to require his Ser-him, when lie became First of that House, and was elected vice in Offices of Trust; to which he Fubmitted, purely Emperor; fiuce the Imperial and Hereditary Dominions, in Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, with great Rejoined to the w hole Spanish Monarchy, would have given lu&ance, from the ProspeQ; of the Difficulties with which fneh Excels of Power to one Prince, as would have been he was likely to struggle: But as he never asked any formidable to Europe, and a Means to defiroy that Ba- Employment, nor used any wicked Arts, or bale Infinu-laneeof Power which her Majesty, in all her Treaties, had ations, to obtain the same from her Majesty; so, in aft constantly laboured to preserve; and it is known, and an Employments, with which her Majesty was pleased to ho-allowed Rule by the Law of Nations, in reference to nour him, he sincerely endeavoured to discharge his Duty Leagues between Princes, That, if tlrere happens a ma- with the utmost Integrity; having always, with the truest terra! Change in what was the principal Ground ami Cause Zeal, desired, and endeavoured as for as he could, td Of tire Treaty, the Obligation thereof ceofes: If, there- promote the Honour and Service of her Majesty; whole fore, in the preliminary Articles, in 1709, and aftenvards, Aim he knew to be the Welfare of her Kingdoms, in the in the Conferences at Gertruydenberg, a Cession of the First place; and, as far as she judged it consistent wittt

Spanish Monarchy to King Charles the Third, who was that, the common Good of her Allies, '

then younger Brother to the Emperor, was thought rea- In or about the Month of September 1710, her Ma-

sonable to be inlisted on; yet the said Earl humbly sub- jesty, whole undoubted Prerogative it was, thought fit

ihits to your Lordships great Judgment, whether there to difiblve the Parliament then in being, and call a new was equal Reason for insisting on such Cession, when one. In the Year 1711, lVopositions were made by King Charles the Third was become Head of that House, France to her Majesty for a Peace, without the Contrivance, and had Possession of the Empire, and all the Hereditary or previous Knowlege, of the said Earl: Her Majesty,

Countries of Austria, as a Condition without which no but of her AffeCfcion for her People, having it much at Peace should be made: Tire States General were so far Heart to establish Peace in her own Days, expressed her from admitting, or yielding, that the Monarchy of Spain Concern for the Disappointment of former Negotiations; should, in all Events, be given to the House of Austria, and her earneit Desire to put a speedy End to the War, that he the said Earl hath heard, they reftifed to admit it and to the Effusion of Christian Blood; and to ease her to be inserted as a Condition of their Barrier Treaty, Subjects from the heavy Burthen of their Taxes. The when proposed by her Majesty’s Ambassador at the Hague; said Earl doth acknowlcge, that he thought a Peace was and chose rather to put a Stop to the Proceedings of that very much for the Interest and Advantage of Great Bri-Treaty, and hazard the Advantages they thereby expected, tain: And, in his humble Opinion, the most . favourable than comply with that Proposal: The Advice of Parlia- Juncture for obtaining advantageous Terms of Peace, iment is of great Weight; to winch her late Majesty al- was, immediately after the signal Victories gained by her Vrays-gave, and he the lard Earl always paid, a just Regard; Majesty’s Arms, in the Year 1706; for, after the Rb-and he doulrts not, but the House of Peers had proper doction of the Dominions of the Electors of Bavaria and Inducements when they gave their Advice to the Throne, Cologne, with other important Conquests in Germany,

That no Peace would he fcfe, honourable or lasting, lb after the intire DestruCHon of Three great Armies of long as the Kingdom of Spain, and the W,est-Indies, con- France, in Flanders, Spain, and Piedmont; after the Allies

ftnued in the Possession of any Branch of the House of had recovered the Spanish Netherlands, Milan, and other Bourbon: But, if he may be permitted to offer his humble Territories in Italy; it might have been hoped, from the ConjcClure of the Motives of that Advice, he conceives, great Distress in which the Enemy then was, a just and it might proceed from an Apprehension of a future Union reasonable Peace could have been obtained; since so of those Two Crowns, as likely to ensue, in same Spain much was, at that time, gained from the Enemy, and so should continue, in the Possession of any who might be- much more, in all Probability, would have been yielded come Heir to the Crown of France; and that even the by them, as would have fully answered the Ends of the Conjunction of the Empire and Spain would be left dan- Grand Alliance: Peace was, ait that time, fought by the gerous than such an Union: But, when her Majesty corn- Enemy.; and the said Earl, who bad the Honour to be municated to her Parliament, the 6th of June 1712, the then Obe of the Principal Secretaries of State, owns, he Terms upon which a Peace might be made; and thereby then advised the Accepting of it: And he humbly begs informed them, That France had been brought to offer, Leave to observe, That the War had been continued That the Duke of Anjou should, for himself, and his De- upon so unequal a Foot, that the Burthen of it annually fcendants, renounce, for ever, all Claim to the Crown of increased; and, at the time when those Propofols were France; and that, at the same time, the Successioti Of the made by France, was become almost insupportable: It

Crown of France was to be declared, after the Death of had, indeed, been stipulated by the Grand Alliance, tire then Dauphin and Jris Sons, to be in the Duke Of That the Allies should assist one another with all their

Berry and his Sons, in the Duke of Orleans and his Forces according to a Specification to be agreed on in Sons; and so on to the rest of the House of Bourbon: a particular Convention for that Purpose; but it doth and that the Succession to Spain, and the West Indies, not appear any such Convention was made, otherwise after the Duke of Anjou and his Children, was to defeend than as the House of Commons were informed by One to such Prince as should be agreed upon al ihe Treaty of of the principal Secretaries of State to his late Majesty

Peace; for ever excluding the rest of the House of Bour- EanglVThat, by the Proportion adjusted with the bon; both Houses of Parliament, by their respective Ad- States, England was to furnish Two Parts of Five by ' dresses to her Majesty, in the same Month, expressed their Land, and the States the other Three; and England was intire Satisfaction: And as the House of Commons desired to furnish Five Parts of Eight by Sea, and the States the V Vol. 18. 4 I 1 other

Carl of Oxford's Im. poachmtnu

306

1 a° Septern

other Three: But the States, not always allowing themselves to be under an Obligation to fumish such Proportions, gave Occasion to England’s bearing an unequal Part

in the War, with respect to the Allies: The States had that prudent Regard to the frugal Ordering of their Affairs, that they frecfjently insisted, they ought not to be

Erefled beyond their Ability; and made themselves the >le Judges of what came within the Compass of it; and, by that means, avoided the supplying any Quota, or Proportion, vihich they thought improper for them to furnish: In the mean time, the Charge of the War was greatly increased upon the Subjects of Great Britain; in the Year 1702, it was under Four Millions; from thence it gradually increased, till 1706; the Charge of which Year amounted to above Five Millions and ah Half; and, full advancing, till the Year 1711, it was then grown to near Seven Millions; and at the same time, tncre was a Debt contracted, not provided for by Parliament, amounting to Seven or Eight Millions; the very Interest of which, and other Debts wherein the Nation was involved, amounted to Three Millions per Annum; and the Revenues of Great Britain were under such Anticipations, that it was found difficult to raise about Tw Millions and an Half for the growing Service, to be paid within the Compass of the Year; so that, when the Duties and Difficulties upon Trade, and the Continuance of the Taxes upon Land, which had laid so heavy above Twenty Years, are considered, the said Earl believes, it could not be thought for the publick Interest to prolong the War, without an absolute Necessity.

During this time, the States had managed with so good (Economy, that the said Earl hath not heard of any additional Duty laid by them upon Trade, from the Year 1702, to the Year 1711; and what Acquisitions were made upon the Continent, during the Continuance of the War, though at the Expence of British Blood and Treasure, accrued to the Share of the Allies; and the Dutch, being under no Prohibition of Commerce with France, had a farther Advantage of the British Merchants, in respect to a free Trade: Although the Princes of the Empire were engaged, by previous Treaties, to furniffi their Quotas to the common Cause; yet, when they were often pressed to do it, they alleged, in Excuse, that those Troops, which they were obliged to furnish at their own Expence, were in the Pay of the Crown of Great Britain: The Emperor left it to her Majesty to provide for those Troops, which, by the Portugal Treaty, in the Year 1703, he was to furnish: The King of Portugal not. only neglected the Proportion of 12,000 Foot, and 3,000 Horse, which, by the said Treaty, he was to provide at his own Expence; but even refuted to permit the 11,000 Foot, and 2,000 Horse, for which he had a Subsidy from her Majesty, to be paid by Musters, according to an Article of that Treaty; and, when pressed to furnish his full Number of Troops, alleged his Inability, for want of that Part of the Subsidies which the States ought to have paid him: So that almost the whole Charge of the War in Spain was left upon her Majesty; the States having sent few or no Troops thither, after the Battle of Almanza; and all the other Allies being likewise defective in their Proportions.

This was the Condition of Affairs, with respect to the Charge of the War; nor did there appear, from the then Situation of Affairs, any more promiffng Prospect with regard to the Event; for although it had pleased God to bleis her Majesty’s Arms with wonderful Success, at which the said Earl most sincerely rejoiced, yet it did not appear, that, after the Year 1706, our Successes in other Parts had countervailed our Losses in; for, after Two great Battles, wherein we had been there defeated, after our Forces had been twice obliged to retire from Madrid, and after the taking the British Troops at Brihuega, the Recovery of Spain, which was the main Article that retarded the Conclusion of the Peace at Gertruydenberg, seemed almost desperate; especially, since the French, in the Year 1711, by their plentiful Vintage and Harvest, had well nigh recovered the Effects of the Famine; and face feme of the Allies, at the same time, made pressing

A. 1715.

Instances for recalling Part of the Troops, as they had done frequently during the Course of the War: From whence it appears, how just the Grounds were, upon which both Houses of Parliament represented to lier Majesty, That the War had been unequally carried on, and was at last become im practicable; And the said Earl humbly hopes, he dial I not be thought to have designed any Difservice to his Country, if, in such Condition of Affairs, he did not dissuade her Majesty from hearkening to the Overtures of Peace made to her from France; or if, during such Negotiations, he endeavoured, by corresponding, with her Majesty’s Knowledge and Approbation, ia any Courts concerned therein, to rectify any Mistakes, or contribute, in any measure, towards the Conclusion of a general Peace: But the said Earl believes, that, in all the Negotiations towards such Peace, the Allies had such Knowlege and Communication of all the Measures there, in taken by her Majesty, as the Treaties her Majesty was engaged in required; that the Propositions transmitted from France, about April 1711, were immediately communicated to the Pensionary, and Ministers, of that her Majesty did, at the same time, assure them of her Resolution to act in Concert with them in making Peace, as in making War; that when the States had expressed their Desires to be equal with those of Great Britain for a general and lasting Peace, and had declared, That they were ready to join in proper Measures to procure it; and desired France might explain itself more particularly upon the Points contained in those Propositions, her Majesty endeavoured to obtain such Explanations, and afterwards communicated them to the States: And if her Majesty had thought it not expedient to proceed in the Method of a Preliminary Treaty, which had proved so ineffectual, in the Year 1709, and 1710; but thought it might be fuflici-ent to have Articles signed by a M Snifter of France, by his Sovereign’s Command, to open Conferences for a Peace; the said Earl humbly hopes, that this Proceeding will appear to be so far from being an unreasonable Deviation from the Methods of former Transeftions in that kind, that it will be justified by many Precedents of such Treaties: The said Earl can affirm, that, during the whole Negotiation so far as he was concerned, he acted with a sincere Intention to obtain a general Peace for the Welfare and Honour of her Majesty, and her Kingdoms; and such as might give reasonable Satisfaction to her Allies, and answer all the Obligations her Majesty was under, by any Treaties with any of the Confederates; and is not confeious to himself, that he bath, in any respect, trans-gressed that Duty, which, as a Privy Counselior, or Officer of State, he did owe to her Majesty, or to the Publick: He is not infeiifible, that many of the Articles, wherewith be stands charged, are complicated with such Circurn-stances, Aggravations, and Inferences, as may render it difficult for him to acknowlege feme Fasts alleged, w ithout acknowleging, or feeraing, at least, to acknowlege, those Circumstances or Inferences: And as he is not‘confeious to himself of being guilty of any Crime he stands charged with, so he takes it to be agreeable to the common Course of Proceedings of this Nature, and to your Lordships Justice, that he should not admit any Circum-.stances, which may tend to the Accusation of himself: He therefore begs Leave, That he may be allowed to distinguish between the Acts themselves, and the Inferences drawn from them; and that, whenever he acknowlegcs any Fast, he may not be understood to acknowlege those Consequences, which are, in the Articles, deduced from it; unless it shall appear, that the Consequence was the Aim and Design of the said Earl, or is the necessary result of any Act he hath done.

In Answer to the First Article; the said Earl faith. That he always had the greatest Regard to the Honour and Safety of her late Majesty, and her Kingdoms; to all the Engagements (he was under to the Allies of this Nation; ana to the common Liberties of Europe: That he never was devoted to the Interest or Service of the French King: That he is not confeious to himself of having acted, wnilft he had the Honour to be her late Majesty’t High Treasurer, or One of her most honourable

Privy

a Geo. I.

I 2* Septembfis.

3°7

Privy Council, contrary lo his Oath, or in Violation of his Duty and Trust, or with Disregard to, much Icfs Defiance of, any Treaties in the said Article mentioned; of the Advices of Parliament; her Majesty’s Declarations from the Throne; or any mutual Assurances which had been made, or renewed, between her Majesty and the States, to act in perfect Concert with each other, in making Peace, as in making War: And he utterly denies, That, in or about the Months of or August 17 n, or at any other time, he did form any Contrivance, or Confederacy, to set on foot a private, separate, dishonourable, or destructive, Negotiation of Peace between Great Britain and France;nor doth he know of any such Contrivance, or Confederacy, formed by any of her Majesty’s Privy Council; or that such Negotiation was at any time let on foot: But the said Earl lays, He does believe, that, about the Month o i April 1711, her late Majesty did receive, from France, feme Proposals, in order to let on foot

aTreaty for a General Peace, signed by Monsieur Secretary of State to the moil Christian King; which, as he believes, were immediately communicated, by her Ambatfador in Holland.',to the States General: Where-

upon, as he has been informed, they thanked her Majesty for her Confidence in them; declared themselves to be weary of the War, and ready to join in any Measures her Majesty should think proper for obtaining a good Peace; and that they hoped her Majesty would bring the French to explain more particularly the several Points contained in the above-mentioned Proposals, or to that Effect; and that, after such Request, her Majesty lent Matthew Prior Esquire to the Court of France, in order to obtain as full and ample an Explanation as he could, of the first general Offers: But the said Earl denies, that he did advile her Majesty to fend the said Mr. P to the Court of France, to make Propositions of Peace, without communicating the same to her Allies; or that the said Mr. Prior did, by his Advice or Privity* communicate any Propositions to the Ministers of France, wherein the Interests of Great Britain, or the common Interest of Europe, were betrayed; nor doth the said Earl know, that the said Mr. Prior had any Power to communicate Propositions to the Ministers of France, which betrayed either the Interests of Great Britain, or the common Interest of

Therefore the said Earl infills, That there is no Ground to charge him with the treacherous or pernicious Contrivances in this Article mentioned: And if any Article was inserted in any Propositions to be communicated by the said Mr. Prior, That the Secret should be inviolably kept, till allowed to be divulged by the mutual Consent of both Parties; yet the said Earl denies, that such Article was inserted by his Advice; and, if any such there was, he cannot, however, believe it was deugned to exclude her Majesty's Allies from their just Share in the said Negotiations; and hopes he may be allowed to observe. That, in case any Instructions were given for not divulging Propositions which concerned Great Britain in particular, the same were far from manifesting such Design as is before-mentioned; since it is well known to be the 'undoubted Right of every Member of a Confederacy*to demand particular Advantages for themselves, not inconsistent with their Alliances; and which are not to take place, but on the Conclufiori of a General Peace; and it has been usual for those to whom the First Overtures of Peace are made, to make Demands for themselves in the First place -, as the States, particularly, did in the Negotiations at the Hague in the Year 1709, and at Gertruydenbergin the Year 1710: And though he apprehends, that an Agreement not to divulge the Propositions, without the mutual Consent of both Parties, could not be to the Prejudice of the Allies; yet he believes, that, in order to prevent any unrealbnable Jealousies among them, even those Propositions which related to Great Britain in particular were communicated to them; and that it will likewise appear, that the Propositions ligned by Monsieur de Turcy, and transmitted in the Month of April 1711, in the said Articles mentioned (whereby it is laid, the French King offered to treat with Vol/IS.

the Plenipotentiaries of England, or Holland, alone, or Earl of jointly with those of the Allies, at the Choice of England), Oxford’s Im-were Proposals relating only to the Manner of treating, Peactmeal-when the Conferences should be opened; and that her Majesty was lb far from taking upon her to treat singly -

for the Allies, that Ihe chose to have all the Parties admitted to the Congress, where they might have an Op* portunity of treating, and adjusting their respective Interests; that being, in her Opinion, the fairest Method of proceeding, moll advantageous to the Confederates, and moll likely to prevent Jealousies and Discords among them: And the said Earl faith, That lie does not know, that any Negotiations of Peace were contrived, or set on foot, by any Persons employed in her Majesty’s Service, which was in any respect more advantageous to France than France had asked; or which had a Tendency to give the Enemy a Power to create Misunderstandings between her Majesty and her Allies, or to destroy the Confidence between them.

Ia Answer to the second Article; the said Earl faith,

That he believes Monsieur Mejhager, a Subject of the French King, did, feme time in the Year 1711, with her Majesty’s Leave, come into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and bring with him a Letter from the said French King to her late Majesty, acknowdeging her Majesty Queen of Great Britain, and likew ife expressing a Desire

to re-establish Peace with her; and that he was fumished with full Power from the said French King for that Purpose: The said Earl further faith, That it hath been the usual and allowed Practice in most Nations, especially in England, for Privy Counsellors, by verbal Orders from the Sovereign, to confer, within the Realm, with Mini-Iters of foreign Princes; and he conceives such Practice to be agreeable to the Laws of this Realm; and that full Powers are usually granted to Ministers who are sent abroad, for the Junification of the Persons with whom they shall treat, rather than to justify such Ministers themselves: And the said Earl denies, that he did, in the Month of September 1711, or at any other time, secretly and unlawfully, or without Authority, confer or treat with the said Sieur Mejhager on the Negotiations of Peace between Great Britain and Franceor that he did advise or promote the making a private and separate Treaty or Agreement between the said Crowns: But he hath been informed, and doth believe, that there was a Paper, stiled,

The Answ er of France to the Preliminary Demands of Great Britain, more particularly; signed by Monsieur Mefnager only; to which was subjoined a Declaration of the Queen’s Acceptance of those Preliminary Articles, as Conditions his most Christian Majesty consented to grant j which were to be reduced into the usual Form of Treaties, and explained after the most clear and most intelligible Manner, to the common Satisfaction of Great Britain and France; and this only in case of a General Peace: And this Declaration, or some other Declaration to the like Effect, lie believes, might be signed by the Lord Dartmouth, and Mr. Secretary St. Joint, as in the said Articles is set forth: But the said Earl most crave Leave to submit it to the Judgment of your Lordfiiips, w hether a Paper of that fort, if any such there was, containing Offers from France, which were not to take Effect, but in case of a General Peace, can be called a separate Treaty: He believes the Allies had early Knowledge and Participation of the said Proposals from the Ministers of Great Britain; but denies, that the Interests of Great Britain were thereby given up to France, or the Duke of Anjou admitted to be King of Spain; since, in the Declaration annexed to the -laid Proposals, he believes it is expressed, that her Majesty might, in Justice, expect the Securities and Advantages mentioned in those Proposals, what Prince soever he should be to whom the Monarchy of Spain should be allotted; and the said Earl, recollecting, as well as lie can, what were her Majesty’s Views at that time, is persuaded, that her Majesty had then a Prospect, that the Monarchy of Spain would fall to the Share of another Prince: The said Earl denies, that, by his Privity, Consent, or Advice,

any

Earl of

Oxford's Impeachment*

308 i q>° Septembris. ^.1715.

any private or separate Treaty or Agreement, whereby the Interests of Great Britain were given up to or the Duke of Aiijou 'was admitted to be King of was agreed, concluded, or signed, by the said Sieur Mcf-nager, on the Part of France; and by the said Lord Dartmouth and Henry St. John, or either of them, in behalf of her late Majesty; much lets did the said Earl at any time afliune to himself regal Power, or take upon him to meet, and treat with, the Enemy, without Authority from her Majesty, to do any thing to subvert the ancient and established Constitutions of the Government of these Kingdoms; or introduce any illegal or dangerous Methods of transacting the Affairs of State: And the said Earl further faith, That he did never aim at, or endeavour, by any separate Treaty, to dissolve, or cancel, any of those solemn Treaties in which her Majesty flood engaged to her Allies; nor was he privy to any Treaty, whereby the Queen was brought under a Dilemma, either to submit to the Dictates of France in the Progrets of such Negotiation, or to lose the Confidence of her Allies.

In Anl’wer to the 'Third Article; the said Earl denies, That, to disguise, or carry on, any private, separate, or dangerous Negotiations, he did contrive, or advise, the preparing and forming the Set of general Preliminaries in the Article mentioned, intituled, Preliminary Articles, on the Part of France, to come to a General Peace, or any otliGr fort of gtueral Preliminaries of like Nature; or that flie same should be signed by the Sieur or that

he did advile her Sacred Majesty, that the same should be received by her Majesty: But the said Earl hath been informed, that certain Articles, called Preliminary Articles, on the Part of France, to come to a General Peace, signed by the Sieur Mefnager only, were received by her Majesty; and believes the same might be communicated to the Ali-nifters of the Allies then residing in England, as a Ground whereon the Confederates might treat, or negotiate, concerning a General Peace; but whether the same were communicated as the only Tranlh6tions that had been on that Subject between Great Britain and France, the said Earl knows hot: But, since it is termed impious Advice, find contrary to the Duty and Trust of a Minister of State of Great Britain, to advile the receiving such Articles, the said Earl, from his Concern for the Honour of her late Majesty’s Administration, and the future Welfare of these Kingdoms, doth submit, whether it is criminal for such Minister to advise the receiving Articles from a Minister of a Prince in War, containing Proposals for giving reasonable Satist'ettion to Great Britain, and all her Allies; and which, being signed by the Minister of that Prince only, were not intended to bind any other: And, since Preliminary Articles are no essential Step towards a general Negotiation; there being, as he believes, but few In-fiances where any Matters ot Importance have been settled before the Opening of general Conferences; the said Earl doth not conceive, that if any Minister of State had advised her Majesty to accept the Preliminaries, or Offers, from France, said to be signed by Monsieur Mefnager, the ,37th of September 1711, as the Foundation of a Treaty,

he had thereby offended against any known Law; since the Proceedings upon such Preliminaries could not be more uniafe than proceeding without any at all: The said Earl denies, that any Treaty, ligned by the Earl of Dartmouth, 'or Mr. St.John, or either of them, on the Part of England, and the Sieur Mefnager, on the Part of France, if any such there be, was industriously concealed from the Allies, her Majesty’s Council or Parliament, by his Advice or Contrivance; or that he dissuaded her Majesty from laying any such Treaty before her Allies, her Council or Parliament: or that he advised her Majesty to receive the said general Preliminaries, or to communicate the fame, in her Name, or by her Authority, to the States General, as a sufficient Foundation whereon to open the Conferences . of Peace with France:The said Earl hath been informed,

und doth believe, that there were certain Instructions prepared, and signed by her Majesty, and delivered to the Earl oiStrafford, her Majesty 3 Ambassador to the States

’ General; wherein the said Ambassador might be directed

> 4

to represent to the Penftonary of Holland, and fijcli others as should be appointed to confer with him, in such manner as is set forth in this Article, or to the like Eftcfit; but he denies, that the said Instructions were prepared, ftgued, or delivered, by his Advice: Nevertbelefe, the said Earl believes, the said Instructions were well warranted by the Truth of such Fasts, as, in the said Article, are set forth to be contained ill those Instructions; since the said Earl hath had credible Information, that, after her Majesty had' received an Account of the Sense of feme Persons in Hoi- land concerning the Overtures, made by France, for the setting a general Negotiation of Peace on foot, very prefi-, ing luitances were made, on her Majesty s behalf with the Enemy, to explain the First Offers made by Alonfieur de Toixy more particularly, and to form adistinct Project of such a Peace as they w ere willing to conclude: Aud teat such Instances liad effect, will appear from the Prelimina- ries laid to be ligned by Alonfieur Mefnager, September the 27th, 1711; wherein several Explications are made, and rpany Particulars of Moment are contained, which were not in the Propositions of Alonfieur de Torcy: W heretbre. the said Earl apprehends, that the Propositions said, in this Article, to fib sent over to France, if any such were sent, were not so general as the PropofitioBS of Alonfieur de. Torcy, nor in any respefit enfuaring, or destructive, to the Interests of Great Britain, or the Allies: But yot the said Earl believes, that her Majesty, at the same time Hie did commuuicate the said Preliminaries to the States General, did likewise order her Ambassador to acquaint them, That flie judged those Articles did not contain such particular Concessions as France would probably be obliged to make in the Course of the Negotiations; or to that Effefit: If therefore, her Majesty did, for the Good and Ease of her People, endeavour to prevail with her Allies to enter into a Negotiation of Peace, and did communicate the said Preliminaries to them with that View, the said Earl cannot be induced to believe, that the said general Preliminaries, communicated to the States by her Majesty, in manner aforesaid, were calculated to amuse and deceive them; nor doth the said Earl know, or believe, that her Majesty’a Instructions to her laid Ambassador, either in the Particii-i lars aliovesaid, or in any other, contained Matters fade, prevaricating, or evasive: And the said Earl must take the Liberty to affirm- that, in the late Negotiations of Peaae, as well as in all other publick Tranfifetions of State, as far as he was concerned, he afited with the highest Re* card to the Honour of her Majesty, and with the utmost Zeal for the Welfare both of her, and frer People; and is not conscious to himself, that he ever gave any Council^ whereby die Truth and Sacrednest, which ought to constitute and accompany the InstructioiSs of publick Atnbaffactors to Princes in Friendship, and Confederacy against: the common Enemy, were in anywise proftitated, or the Honour of her Majesty, and of fUe Imperial Crown of these Realms, in any fort, dabafed or betrayed: And lie humbly hopes, no Lnfeanee can be given, wherein the Royal Hapd of her late Majesty was made the Instrut-ment to advance the Interest of die common Enemy.

In Answer to the Fourth Article; the said Earl doth not remember whsut Reprefeotations were made by Monsieur Buys to her Majesty, in Relation to the Proportions in the ' said Article mentioned; but faith,-That if any Reprefeotat-tjons were made* the same were not rendered ineffectual by any Influence of the said Earl: And the said Earl doth admit, that at a Committee of Council there might lie made feme Declaration, in her Majesty’s Name, to Mr. Buys, to the Effect in the said Article mentioned; bat doth not admit, that any such Declaration was made by him the said Earl, or by his Management or Contrivance: And the said Earl believes; that what was so declared to the said Mr. Buys was agreeable to Truth, and to the real Sentiments'and Intentions of her Majesty; nor doth he know wherein the said Articles signed by Mr. Mefnager, and accepted by the Lord Dartmouth and Air. St. John, if any such were then signed, were ioooonftftent with such Declaration; or bow her Majesty was thereby dishonoured, or her Allies abided; or that any Negotiation, entered

_ into

Goc [e

a Geo. I.

12° Septembris.

309

into with France, was either dangerous to itself, or fatal in its Consequences.

In answer to the Fifth Article; the said Earl admits, That her Sacred Majesty Queen Anne did, in due Form of Law, and under her Great Seal, constitute the Right Reverend John Ix>rd Bishop of Bristol, and the Earl of ford, her Plenipotentiaries, with full Power, to meet, treat, and conclude, with the Plenipotentiaries of the Confederates, and those whom the French King should, on his Part, depute for that Purpose, the Conditions of a good and general Peace, that should be safe, honourable, and, as far as was possible, agreeable to the reasonable Demands of all Parties; and believes Instructions were prepared, and delivered to them, wherein they were Instructed, amongst other things, to the Effect in the said Article let forth; and is firmly persuaded, that, when the said Plenipotentiaries were so instructed to infill, That Spain, and the /Vest Indies, should not be allotted to the House of Bourbon, no Treaty had been negotiated, and agreed, that Spain and the West Indies, should remain in a Branch of that House; and he has Reason to believe, that, at the time when the said Instructions were given to her Majesty’s said Plenipotentiaries, there was just Ground to believe, that King Philip would be induced to abandon Spain, and the West Indies, and content hiinfeif with the Dominions of Savoy, and the Kingdom of Sicily; and, he believes, he may so far depend on his Memory as to say, That he heard the late Queen declare, She believed the Prospect King Philip had of succeeding to the Crown of France, would be an Inducement to him to be easy with that Allotment; and it seemed probable, that the Addition of the Dominions of Savoy to the Crown of France, in case King Philip should succeed to it, would be esteemed by the French Court as a thing more to be desired by them, than that Spain and the Indies, should remain in the Possession of a younger Prince of the House of Bourbon, under the Condition of his renouncing the Right he would have to the Crown of France, if the eldest Branch should fail: These seem to him to have been her Majesty’s Views at the time when the said Instructions were given to the Bishop of Bristol, and the Earl of Strafford; and he therefore believes, that whoever contrived, or prepared, the fame, did prepare them conformable to her Majesty’s real Sentiments; and was far from any Thought, or Design> to abuse the Royal Authority, delude the States General, prejudice his Imperial Majesty, or any of the Allies, Or carry on the Measures of France: And if King Philip afterwards, upon Information, that the then Dauphin was likely, to live, or at the pressing instances of the j

and influence of Spanish Counsels, or upon any other Motives, refused to accept of Savoy and Sicily, and chose rather to renounce the French Monarchy, he thinks, no Per-

by the Euemy from the Words of such an Article, can be Earl of interpreted an entering into a Confederacy, or Collufiori, with the Ministers of the Enemy; or that her Majesty "s pe eat* Cortfent to such Instructions could imply any Design to impose on his Imperial Majesty, or the Allies, or to conceal any Negotiations between Great Britain and France:

But the said Earl is confident, it will not appear by any of his Actions, on the strictest Scrutiny, that he ever entered into any Confederacy, or Coflufion, with the Ministers of the Enemy; or prevailed on the Queen to give her Content thereto; or had any Designs to impbfe upon his Imperial Majesty, or any of the Allies: or ever was privy to any fectet Negotiations, or separate Treaty, between Britain and France, whereby, either in the before-mentioned, or in any other. Particulars, any Reproach could be brought on the Crown of these Realms, or any Treaties, wherein her Majesty was engaged to her Allies, Were violated.

In answer to the Sixth Article; the said Earl does ad1 mit, That, after the Conferences of Peace between the Plenipotentiaries of the Allies and those of the Enemy, for negotiating a general Peaee, were opened, w herein, he is persuaded, her Majesty, and her Ministers, did aft in perfect Confidence with the Allies, and to promote their common Interest, and to Obtain from the Enemy all just and reasonable Satisfaction; the Progress of the said Negotiation was delayed by Debates concerning the Enemy’s Refusal to give their Answer in Writing to the Demands of the Allies: But he doth not know’, that dny of the Mi1 nifters of Great Britain did, by any Encouragement, of Concurrence, contribute thereunto: And if, during that time, her Majesty thought fit to authorize any of her MR nifters to write, or negotiate, upon any particular Points relating to the Peace, directly from England to France, m order to facilitate the general N egotiation of Peace, which he the said Earl doth not admit to have been done by his Privity; yet he the said Earl doth hot apprehend, that; by the Constitution of the Kingdom, or any Law in being, the Queen was debarred From doing so; or that, by con1 ftituting the laid Plenipotentiaries, lhe had so far delegated to them her Royal Authority, is to be disabled, without revoking their Commission, to treat, or negotiate, any Matters conducing to that End, in such other manner as lhe should think fit: The said Earl faith, That he did not advise, contrive or promote, any private,'separate, or ub-justifiable Negotiation with France; nor doth he kno\V any Negotiation relating to the Peace was carried on 'with1 out Communication thereof to the Allies: And the said Earl denies, that he ever act'umed Regal Authority; of that he treated of Peace with France in any manner that could be liable to such Imputation; or did promote the Design of the Enemy, to the Destruction of the common

ion who acts in the Service of the Crown can be safe if' Cause of her Majesty, or of her Allies; contrary to the

it may be charged on him as a Crime, that he advised In-structions, which, by intervening Circumstances, afterwards became improper: But he the said Earl doth not admit, that he contrived, or prepared, the said Instruc1 tions; or was consenting, or advising, to the contriving, or preparing of them; or prevailed on her Majesty to sign them; much less that he abused the Royal Authority, to the Delusion-of the States General; or intended the Prejudice of his Imperial Majesty, or any of the Allies; or was engaged to carry on the Meefures of France; or had, when the said Instructions were prepared, negotiated, or agreed, with the Ministers of France, that Spain and the West Indies, should remain in a Branch of the House of Bourbon; or had prevailed oh her Majesty to be Party to any private Treaty, wherein the same is necefia-rily implied: If the Plenipotentiaries were instructed, That, in case the Enemy should object, That the Second Article of the Seven signed by Monsieur Mefhager, implied the Duke of Anjou should continue on the Throne of Spain, to insist, That those Articles were binding to France; but laid neither the Queen, nOrher Allies, under any Obligation; the said Earl does not apprehend, how an Instruc1 tion to her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries to nfake a just Answer to a false Inference that might happen to be drawn Vol. 18.

Laws, or Constitution, of this Kingdom, or in Violation of any of the Alliances her Majesty ft6od engaged in, o*r of the Assurances given by her Majesty, or of her InftrOc-tions to her Plenipotentiaries; or that any Tenhs of Peace were by him, at any time, concerted, prejudicial to the Interest of her Majesty, or her Kingdoms, or Allies; or whereby the good Effects oftlie general Negotiation were defeated.

In Answer to the Seventh Article; the said Earl faith, That he never advised hCr late Majesty to accept of a Treaty with France, on a Supposition that the Spanish Monarchy should continue in the Possession of a Brandi of the House of Bourbon; rtor did he advise or carrry on, any private or separate Negotiation with France on the Subject of a Renunciation to be made by the Duke of Anjou of the Right he might have to the Kingdom of France; and that such Renunciation should be the Security against the Re-union of the Two Kingdoms; or that, by his Counsels, her Majesty w*as prevailed on to accept, and finally to conclude and ratify, a Treaty of Peace with France, wherein the said Renunciation is taken as a sufficient Expedient to prevent the Mischiefs that threatened all Europe, in case the Crowns of France and Spain should be united upon the Head of one and the same Person; nor doth be

4 K know,-

3io

I a° Septembris.

A. 1715

fearl of know, that, during the fakl Negotiation, any fitch. Me-Oxford’s Im- mortal, as in the said Article is set forth, was transmitted, peocfament. by the said Monsieur de Tcrrcy, to any of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State: But he the said Earl doth freely acknowledge, that, if he had beten called upon to

such a Siege, or Battle, with great Probability of Sue-cess: But he doth affirm, that the Ministers of France never represented to him, or to any others, as far as he knows, during any Negotiation, any Apprehensions they had from the Bravery, and good Disposition, of the Con-

give his Opinion concerning the Leaving of Spam, and the federate Army; nor was he ever informed of any lure West Indies, in the Possession of a Branch of the House of Prospefit, which, it is alleged, the Army of the Confede-

Bourbont and accepting the Renunciation of his Bight to the Kingdom of France by the Duke of Anjou, he doth not at presentfee any Reason why he might not have been of Opinion for leaving Spain and the West Indies, to the present Possessor, and accepting the Renunciation rather than have continued the War, so burthensome to the People, and so impracticable upon the Foot on which it theh ltood, especially since all Endeavours to remove him by Treaties-, or Force, had so long proved ineffectual.: And in case any such Memorial as is set forth in the said Article was lent by any Minister of France to the Secretary of the late Queen, he should look upon the same as a Proof of the Earneftnels of the Court of France to avoid

rates then had, of gaining new Conquests over the Army of France, or whereby they would have beenenabled to have forced any better Terms of Peace than there was at that time Likelihood of; but, on the contrary, he has been informed, that the Forces of France were superior in Number to those of the Confederates, especially in Horse: However, the said Earl doth not admit, that he did advise, or consent, that any Order should be dispatched, in her Majesty’s Name, to the Duke of Ormond, to the afore-mentioned Effect; nor had he any View, or Design, to disappoint the Expectation of the Allies, or to give Success to any secret Negotiations with the Ministers of France: The said Earl likewise denies, that he did consent, or advise, that such Renunciation, which might more effectually prevent Orders should be lent to the Bishop of , One of her all Possibility of annexing the Crown of Spain to that of Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries then at Utrecht, to declare to

France; but, whatever Inducements might be for such a Memorial, if any such was transmitted, the said Earl doth affirm, that he never gave any Counsels, by which the Interest of the common Cause could be betrayed into the Hands of the Enemy: nor doth he think it was possible, by any Power and Influence, to engage her Majesty to become Party with France in any Deceit; but, whatever Credit lie at any time had by her Favour, he always used it with the utmost Sincerity for her Service, and the Good of her People.

In Answer to the Eighth Article; the said Earl believes, That her late Majesty Queen Anne did, on the 7th Day of December, in the Year of our Lord 1711, recommend it from the Throne, that Provision might be made for an early Campaign, in order to carry on the War with Vigour, and as the best Way to render the Treaty of Peace effectual; and he does believe, that in order thereto, Supplies were granted, and Magazines provided, at a great Expence, for an early Campaign; and that, in pursuance thereof, her Majesty might fend feme General Officers to explain her Intentions to her Allies; and likewise iustructed her General, the Duke of Ormond, to declare her Resolutions of carrying on the War, and to concert, with the Generals of the Allies, the proper Measures for entering upon Action: And he doth believe, that the Confederate Army was provided with all Necessaries: But whether the said Army had approached, or how near they had approached, to the Enemy; whether they had any, or what, Superiority as to the Number of Troops; or what likelihood there was that they would have been able, either by Buttle or Siege, to have bettered the Affairs of the Allies, or to have facilitated the Negotiations of Peace; the said Earl is not able to say: But it must be obvious to every one, that any Miscarriage, or Dilafter, on the Part of the Allies, at such a JunCture, must have been fatal to them: And though the Divine Assistance had been very remarkable in the many Victories her Majesty’s Forces had obtained; yet her Majesty’s Piety was so great, that it is not likely (lie should, without the greatest Necessity, have been willing to have tempted that Providence, which had been ib signal in her Favour, by hazarding the Blood of her Subjects at a time, when (he had so near, a Prospect of the Conclusion of a Peace: And the said Earl believes, it might be owing to this Piety of the Queen, and her Knowledge offomeimportant Matters then depending, that Directions were fentto the Duke of Ormond, if any such were sent, to avoid engaging in any Siege, or hazarding any Battle, till further Orders; which, he sup-pofeth, her Majesty might do upon any Causes (lie thought proper, as well as the Deputies of the States, who, as the (hid Earl hath been informed, have often re-

fused to engage in Siege, or Battle; upon such Grounds as they alone thought (it, when their own Generals, and the Generals of the other Allies, were of Opinion, they had a visible Advantage of the Enemy, and might engage in has been proposed to them by her late Majesty’s Generali

The

the Dutch Ministers, That her Majesty looked on her-feltj from their Conduct, to be then under no Obligation whatsoever to them: He doth not know what Alarm the Allies might take,- or what Representations thay made to the Bishop of Bristol of their Disatisfaction, or Consternation; but doubts not, the said Bishop would readily represent what they, delircd, though such Representation made by his Lord ship, if any such there was, fell not under the Knowledge of the said Earl; nor doth he admit; that any Application of that kind was made to him: And; in case the States General made such Address directly to her Majesty,' by a Letter of the 5th Day of as in the said Article is set forth, he the said Earl, not being acquainted therewith, could neither advise her Majesty to hearken to the Instances therein made, nor to dilregard, or to reject, the fame: He faith, he never entei ed into Measures for the Advancement of the Interest of the common Enemy, or countenanced, encouraged, advised, or promoted, any Negotiations with France, without Participation of the Allies, or contrary to her Majesty’s Engagement, or to the Ruin of the common Cause; nor is he confeious to himself, that he ever gave any Counsels, by which the Progress of the victorious Arms of the Confederates was stopped, or any Opportunity loft for conquering the Enemy, or which had any Tendency to destroy the Confidence between her Majesty and her Allies, or make the French King Master of the Negotiations of Peace, or which could put the Affairs of Europe into his Hands.

In Answer to the Ninth Article; the said Earl denies he was privy, or confcnting, to any Concert with the Mini- fters of France, for the separating the Troops in her Majesty’s Pay from the rest of the Confederate Army; and;-not being privy to any such Concert, he hopes it will not be imputed to him as any Want of Duty, that he did not advise against such a Proceeding: He denies also, that he ever entertained the least Design of imposing upon the Allies any Necessity of submitting to the Terms of France, or of leaving the Confederate Army to the Mercy of the Enemy; or that he did consent, or advise her Majesty, that the Duke of Ormond, and the Troops in her Malty’s Pay, or such of them as would obey his Orders, should separate themselves from the Army of the Confederates; The said Earl hath been informed, and believes it to be true, that the Imperial General, and feme other Generals, did propose to the Duke of in June or

July in the Year 1712, to decamp from the Ground where they lay, and to proceed towards in order to.

form the Siege of that Place; and that the Duke of Or-mond thought it not proper to consent thereto; and gave Notice to the said Generals, that, if they decamped, they must not ex|>e& him to follow them: And the said Earl believes, Instances may be given, where Generals of other Potentates in the Alliance have refused to comply with what

2 Geo. I.

12'

Septembris.

311

The said Earl hath likewise heard, that, notwithstanding such Notice from the Duke of Oi'mond, the said Generals separated themselves, and their Forces, from the said Duke, and marched towards Landrecywithout him; and that the said Duke continued, for feme time, in his former Camp, after such'Separation; and that the Generals of the Auxiliary Troops paid by her Majesty, although required by the said Duke of Ormond \under whose Command they then

were, to continue with him, and to obey his Orders, refilled so to do: He the said Earl l’upposes it might proceed from lier Majesty’s Resentment of that Instance of Disobedience in the Auxiliary Troops to the Commands of her* General, that lhe did not think fit immediately to pay the Arrears of those Forces, which had so obstinately withdrawn themselves from her General, and marched, with-' out him, towards Landrecy; as not apprehending herself obliged, by any Conventions, or the Provision of any Act of Parliament, so to do: But, whatever might be the Causes, or Occasions, of her Majesty’s Resentment, the said Earl faith. That he, being in the Office of High Treasurer under her Majesty, could not, by the Duty of his Place, issue out any Monies, without a proper Warrant or Authority from her Majesty; arid denies, that he ever received any Warrant or Authority from her Majesty for issuing any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Pay, or Subsidies,‘on account of the said foreign Troops, who had so separated; without which, the issuing or directing any Monies for the Payment of them had been a Violation of his Duty: And the said Earl denies, that he did, at any time, refuse, or put a Stop to, any such Pay or Subsidies; but, on the contrary, when the Ministers of the Princes to whom those Forces belonged did apply for the Payment of the said Troops, the said Earl desired them to make Application to her Majesty for the necessary Warrants in order thereunto: And as the said Earl had no Notice of any Separation intended between her Majesty’s Forces and those of the Allies before the same was made; fb he absolutely denies, that, by his Advice or Counsel, or With his Privity, any such Separation was made; and humbly apprehends, that he ought not, in Justice, to be charged with any Consequences of it. He believes, that the Forces of some of the Allies were engaged in the unfortunate Action of Denain; and that the Seige of Landrecy was raised, and the Towns of and Douay, were, some time after, retaken by the French Army; but whether those Disasters might not have been prevented by a Compliance with the Measures her Majesty had taken for the common Good, the said Earl submits to your Lordships.

In answer to the Tenth Article; the said Earl denies, That he did cany on, or concert, with the Ministers of France, a private or separate Negotiation for a general Suspension, by Sea and Land, between Great Britain and -France; or that he did advise her Majesty to fend over Henry Viscount Bolingbroke to the Court of France, with Powers to settle such Suspension; but hath been informed, and believes it may be true, That, about the 19th of August, N. S. 1712, a Suspension of Arms was agreed cm, in France, by the said Viscount Bolingbroke, on her Majesty’s Part, for Four Months: But whether such Agreement was made without the Knowlege or Participation of her Majesty’s Allies, or hoiv far the Terms of Peace where then settled with France, either for Great Britain, or the Allies, the said Earl is not able to let forth; but, from the Informations he hath received of that Affair, believes it will appear, that the said Suspension was a Continuation only of a former Agreement for a CefTa-fion of Arms, which had been not only communicated to the Allies, but into which they had been invited; and believes, her Majesty might be induced to desire such Cefla-tion, as what was iilual, among Princes and States in War, during Negotiations of Peace; by which means, the tish Merchants enjoyed a free Trade, and had an Opportunity of carrying the Merchandizes of other Countries to several Parts of k urope, as the had done during the

War; and therefore the ft id Earl doth not conceive, that her Majesty, by the said Suspension, did, in the least, in-Vo t. 18.

tend the Violation of any Treaties between her and her Eurlo Allies; or to deprive them of any Assistance to which °xl"' they were intituled; or toexpofethem to thelnfults of the pcac common Enemy; nor doth he difeern, how these Consequences could ensue, without the Default of the Allies themselves; much left, how the Ties of Union and Friendship, between her Majesty and them, were cut afun-der; or her Majesty’s Person or Government, or the Safety of her Kingdoms, or the Proleftarit Siicccflion, were exposed thereby: But the said Earl aflines himlelfi that he shall never stand chargeable with any Consequences of such Suspension, which he never adviied; nor did he the said Earl ever entertain the least Thought or Design of occasioning the Destruction of the common Cause of Europe, or hindering her Majesty from resuming the War against France, in Conjunction with her Allies, if it had been lb thought fit; or of weakening the Union between her Majesty and them.

In Answer to the Eleventh Article; the said Earl laith,

He believes it to be tyue, that, in or about the Month of September, or October, 1712, the States General were inPossession of the Town and Fortress ot lournay; and that her Majesty, in her Infiructions, of December the 23d, 1711, to her Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, did direct them toin-fist, with the Plenipotentiaries of France, in the general Congress that, towards forming a Barrier for the States General, Tournayshould remain to the States: and doth

believe, the French King did, at one time, incline thereunto; but doth not know, that her Majesty, in her Speech', in the said Article mentioned, did declare herself, as in the said Article is set forth: l he said Earl admits, That until, and after, the Months of September and October 1711, there was open War between her late Majesty and the French King; and that, during such War, the French King, and his Subjects, were Enemies to the late Queen; but the said Earl hath been informed, and believes, that full Powers were given by her Majesty, and the States General of the United Provinces, to their respective Ministers, and by the French King to his Ministers, to negotiate and treat of Peace between her Majesty and the States General, and the said French King; upon which Negotiations, a Peace was afterwards concluded between them; during which Negotiations, he hath heard, that the French King did insist upon the yielding up the Town and Fort-rcls of Tournay, by the States, to him; and the said States General desired her Majesty’s Interposition with the French King on their behalf; and that, at such Request, her Majesty interposed her best Offices on behalf of the States General; and did at lait prevail, that the said Town and Fortress of Tournay should be, and he believes the same is, continued to the States General, as Part of their Barrier: But the said Earl absolutely denies, that he did design to give Aid or Succour, or to adhere to the French King; or that he did, in or about the Month of October*

1712, or at any other time during the f.iid War, aid, help, or assist, or adhere to, the said French King; or that he did ever counsel or advise the said Enemy, in what manner, or by what Methods, the said Town and Fortress of Tournay, or either of them, might be gained from the States General to the French King, in Manner and Form as in the said Article is chargedOn the contrary, he the said Earl did use his best Offices to prelbrve the said Town arid Fortress of Tournay to the States General: But the said Earl faith, That, during the Negotiations of the late Peace, he had the Honour to be one of her said late Majesty’s' Privy Counsel; and whatever Counsel and Advice he gave, relating to any Terms of the said Peace, he acted therein as a Privy Counfeflor, and Minister of State, and noOtherwife; and doth insist. That for any Privy Counsellor, or Minister of State, during the Negotiations of Peace, to advise, or negotiate, concerning the yielding or giving up any Town, Province, or Dominion, upon the Conclufidn of thfe Peace,' as Part of the Terms and Conditions of such Peace, is not High Trea-lon by any Law of this Realm; and that such Construe-tion might hereafter deprive the Crown of the Advice and Assistance of several Members of the Privy Council, in

Matters

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment*

312 1 Septmbris. 1715,

Matters of the gfcatcft importance, by detehring therti from giving such Advice, as, by their Oaths, and the Duty of their Place, they are obliged to do; would overthrow all Means of restoring Amity between Princes, and render the Law in case of High Treason uncertain; which, by reason of its being the most penal, ought to be most plain; and w ould be highly dangerous and destruc1-tive to the Lives and Liberties of the Subject.

In Answer to the Twelfth Article; the said Earl, not admitting, that her late Majesty Queen Anne stood engaged by Treaties, in manner as in the said Article is alleged; but refeiting himself to the Tfeaties, when they shall be produced; for Answer, denies, That he did, in any of the Years 1710, 1711, and 1712, or at any other time, aid, help, aflifr, or adhere to, the Duke of Anjou, in the said Article named; or adviie or counsel any of the Enemies of her said tate Majesty, or concert with any of them, or promote, the yielding or giving up of Spain and the Indies, or any Part thereof, to the said Duke of Anjou, in Manner and Form as in the said Article is alleged: And the said Earl faith, as in his Answer to the Eleventh Article he hath already said, That, during the Negotiations of the late Peace, he had the Honour to be One of her said late Majesty’s Privy Council; and whatever Counlcl or Advice he gave, relating to any Terms of the said Peace, he afifced therein as Privy Counsellor, and Minister of State, and no otherwise; and insists as in his Answer to the Eleventh Article he has infilled.

In Answer to the Thirteenth Article; the said Earl admits, That the flourishing Condition of Trade and Navigation contributes much to the Kiches, Power, and Strength of these Kingdoms: and believes, that her late Majesty had a just Regard thereto, and a sincere Desire to obtain fotrie Advantages therein for her People; arid did make the several Declarations from the Throne, set forth in this Article; and that both Houses of Parliament did, from time to time, express their grateful Acknowlegeinents to her Majesty, for her great Care and Concern for the Welfare of her People; and believes, her Majesty might think it reasonable, considering the Share and Burthen lhe and her People had sustained in the War, that France should, in the First place, adjust the Interests of Great Britain, which were to be secured on the Conclusion of a general Peace: But the said Earl doth not know, or believe, that, at the letting on foot, or in the PrOgrels of any Negotiation between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, it was laid down as a Principle,

That France should, in the First place, consent to adjust the Interests of Great Britain, to the Intent, that the Ministers of Great Britain might thereby be enabled to engage the Queen to make the Conclusion of the Peace ealy to France: Nor doth he know, that any Concessions were made by the Ministers of Great Britain, with Intent to promote the Interests of France, against the Allies; or that any Measures were entered into, or concerted, between them, in order to strengthen the Hands of the French, or to enable them to impose the Terms of a general Peace: And the said Earl doth absolutely deny, that he was engaged, in concert with France, in any Negotiations deltrufitive to his Country; or that he ever had the least Imagination or Thought tending that way, or to the sacrificing the Commerce of Great Britain to the Aggrandizement of France; but, on the contrary, he hath always had the most real and sincere Desires to secure and advance the Commerce of Great Britain, and to preserve his Country; in whose Service he hath been always ready to sacrifice himself, and every private Interest whatsoever: And the said Earl is not conscious to himself of any Want of Duty, either in not infilling upon, or not procuring, the most certain Securities that could be obtained for the Safety and Advantage of the Commerce of these Kingdoms: And the said Earl doth not admit. That he did ad vile her late Majesty, that any Proposition should be lent by Mr. Prior to France; or that any private or separate Treaty, or the Preliminary Articles, which are said to be signed the 27th of September 1711, should be sign-cd; but the said Earl hath been informed, and believes,

14

That in a Paper, intituled, The Answer of France to the Demands of Great Britain, more particularly, it is laid, That the intire Restitution of Newfoundland, and of the Bay and Streights of Hudson, was demanded for the Eng-

UJh; and that the French King’s Answer was, '1 hat the Discussion of that Article should be referred to the general Conferences of the Peace; provided the Liberty oT Filliing, and Drying of Cod Fish, upon the Isle of Newfoundland, should be reserved to the French: And the said Earl conceives that Paper not conclusive; but was to be the Subject of future Conferences, wherein the whole Matter might be intirely considered; and consequently, that the entering into Conferences on that Paper, w as not the yielding to the French the Liberty of fishing, and drying Fish, on Newfoundland; which they insisted on: And the said Earl denies, that he advised the Demands for Great Britain, in point of Commerce, should be made in loose, general or insufficient Terms; or that he advised the Liberties insisted on by the Frenihould be given up to France, as in the said Article is alleged: And lie believes, that when it is considered, what Advantages were likely toenfue to the Commerce of Great Britain by ’the AJfiento Contract, and the Liberty of trading to the Spanish ffest Indies;. by the Cefiion of Aecadia, the Bay and Strciglrts of Hudson, the llland of St. Christopher, Newfoundland, the llland of St. Peter, with other adjacent Islands; ly the Demolition of Dunkirk, and the Celfion of Port

and Gibraltar; it will not be thought, the Commerce of Great Britain was neglected by her Majesty in the late Treaty of Peace: And as the said Earl doth not know, that France was, at any time, Master of the Negotiations; so he denies, that he did engage her Majesty in any private Treaties with France, without Security for the Commerce of Great Britain; or that he did contrive, with any of the Ministers of France, to keep in Suspense any Matters that concerned the said Commerce; or that he was any ways instrumental to the preventing any Advantages of the said Commerce from being settled; or that he endeavoured to elude any thing that had been agreed on, inr any Negotiation, for the Benefit of Great Britain And, although the said Earl doth nbt admit, that he advised the Ninth Articleof the Treaty of Commerce with France; yet he begs Leave to observe, that nothing is positively stipulated in that Article; but the Whole is conditional, and left to be determined by the Wisdom of Parliament; and hopes k will never be thought an Act of Treachery; to refer an Article of any Treaty to the Judgment ana Consideration of Parliament, whatever Judgment the Parliament shall think fit to make thereon: And the said Earl denies, that he advised her Majesty to agree with-France, that the Subjects of France should have Liberty of fishing, and drying Fish, on Newfoundland; but the said Earl believes, that what her late Majesty agreed with France relating thereto, will not seem unreasonable, if it be considered, that the French long ago, claimed Right to, and were in Possession of, great Part of Newfoundland; and that they were allowed to continue in Possession thereof, by the Crown of England, in a Treaty, made at White-

hall, in the Year 1686; and, in another Treaty, made at Ryswick, in the Year 1697: And the said Earl doth riot know that such Agreement of her Majesty is contrary to the express Provision of any Afit of Parliament; since he presumes, the Act, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An A fit to encourage the 1 rade to Newfoundland, cannot reasonably be intended, or construed, to extend to any Part of the llland, other than what was, at the time of making that Afit, in the Possession of the English: And the said Earl is informed, That, at that time, the Part of Newfoundland, where the Sutjefits of France are, by the Treaty of,

allowed the Liberty of fishing, and drying Fish, was not in the Possession of the English. The laid Earl denies, that he advised her Majesty to make a Celfion to France of the Isle of Cape Breton: or that he advised her Majesty to consent, that what is agreed, in the Treaty of Utrecht, concerning the Fishery of Newfoundland, or Cape,

should be made an Article iri that Treaty: However, the said

2 Geo. I. 12° Septembris. 313

laid Earl doth not know, that Breton was Part of the Territories of the Crown of Great Britain; nor does he apprehend, that her Majesty, who, in her Speech from the Throne, declared, That France had contented to make an absolute Cession of with the rest of

Nova Scotia, or Accadia, should be understood to speak of Cape Breton, which is no Part of that Continent, but an Island distinfit from it: The said Earl further faith, He conceives, that the only Advantages in Trade fripulated for Great Britain, did not depend on Conditions to be made good by Act of Parliament; on the contrary, he doubts not to make it appear, that many Advantages in Trade were stipulated for Great Britain, in the late Treaties of Peace and Commerce, which have been enjoyed by the subjects of Great Britain since the Conclusion of the said Treaties, notwithstanding the Parliament had not thought fit to make any Act to enforce the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Commerce with France: And the said Earl denies, that, by his Counsels, the good Intentions of her Sacred Majesty, to have obtained for her People advantageous Terms of Commerce, were frustrated, or the Trade or Manufafitures of Great Britain rendered precarious, or at the Mercy of the Enemy, or any benAicial Branch of Trade yielded up to the Subjefits of France: And as the said Earl diiowns the being concerned in any Violation of Treaties, or in carrying on the Measures of France, or in any Negotiation which could terminate in the Sacrifice of the Commerce of Great Britain to France; lo he observes, with great Satisfaction, the flourifiiing Condition of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, since the Conclusion, and by means, of the late Peace, in the great Increase of the Number and Tonnage of Shipping; of the Exportation of the Woollen Manu-fafitures, the Fish, and other Produfil of this Kingdom; in consequence whereof, the Customs have been greatly advanced, near Three Millions of Gold and Silver has been coined, and the Exchange has all along been in favour of England, to and from all Parts of Europe.

In Answer to the Fourteenth Article; the said Earl doth not admit, That he formed any Project or Design for dif-poling the Kingdom of Sicily to the Duke of Savoy from the House of Austria; or that he did ttdvife her Majesty to

give any such Instructions to Henry VII'count Bolingbroke, as in the said Article mentioned; or to content to any Treaty, wherein a Cession is made of the said Kingdom to his Royal Highness, without any Concurrence or Participation of his Imperial Majesty; nor doth he admit, that her Majesty was prevailed on, by his Advice, to assist his said Royal Highness with her Fleet against the Emperor, in order to obtain the Possession of that Kingdom: But, in Justification of her Majesty’s Proceedings in relation to the said Kingdom, the said Earl doth beg Leave to observe, That, by the Grand Alliance, it was agreed, among other tilings, That the Confederates should use their utmost Endeavours to recover the Kingdom of Sicily out of the Hands of the Enemy; and that the principal Ends for endeavouring the Recovery of were, That his

Imperial Majesty might have a reasonable Satisfaction for his Pretension to the Spanish Monarchy; and that the Trade and Navigation of the Subjefits of Great Britain and Holland might thereby be better secured: Since, therefore, the Empire, and Hereditary Countries of Austria, were now fallen upon Charles the Third, who, at the time of that Treaty, was a younger Branch of that House; since several Towns in the French Flanders, which were not in the Possession of King Charles the Second at the time of his Death, together with Spanish Flanders, Milan, and Naples, might leern a reasonable Satisfaction for his Imperial Majesty’s Pretensions to the Spanish Succession; and since the Trade and Navigation of the Subjects of Great Britain, and Holland, would be as effectually secured by the Disposition of the Kingdom of Sicily to the Duke of Savoy, as if the said Kingdom had fallen to the Share of the Emperor; and greater Difficulties would be likely to arise in obtaining the Disposition thereof to the House of Austriathnn to that Duke jinasmuch as King Philip might be more easily induced to yiel<j it to the Duke of Savoy, Vpt. 18.

than tofo potent a Prince as the Emperor; and there were Grounds to believe, that all, or most, of the Princes and States of Italy were lo apprehensive of the growing Power of the House of Austria in Italy, that they would suffer any Extremities rather than submit that together with

Milan and Naples, should be in the Hands of the Emperor; the said Earl doth not difeern how any Project to dispose of the said Kingdom to that Duke could be thought unjust, dishonourable, or pernicious, or any Act of Injustice to his Imperial Majesty, or Violation of the grand Alliance; nor doth the said Earl remember in what respefil it was contradictory to any Declaration of her Majesty, or the Instructions flie had given her Plenipotentiaries; and in case her Majesty thought fit, afterwards, to employ any Part of her Fleet to assist that Duke, her good and faithful Ally, to take Possession of that Kingdom from the Enemy, in Consideration of the said Dukes steady Adherence to the Confederacy, and great Sufferings by such Adherence, he the said Earl is not able to discover, why such Assistance might not be given to the said Duke, as well as to any other of her Allies whatsoever: And since it is allowed, by this Article, that the then Duke of Savoy never made any Application, in order to obtain the said Kingdom for himself, it teems an Evidence, at least, that the Person or Persons, who adviled the late Queen to agree to such Allotment, did not act upon any private Interest, or had any other View than the Preservation of a Balance of Power in Europe, and the Security of the Trade and Navigation of the Subjects of Great Britain, and Holland; and cannot realbnably be thought, upon a fair and candid Interpretation, to have been guilty of betraying the National Faith, or Honour of the Crown, or employing the Naval Power of these Kingdoms, or the Supplies granted by Parliament, against any Ally of this Kingdom.

In Answer to the Fifteenth Article; the said Earl faith, He is, and always was, of Opinion, that the Word of the Sovereign is sacred; and that all Communications from the Throne to Parliament ought to be true j and that it becomes all Ministers of State, as far as in them lies, to maintain the Honour of the Crown in fitch Cafes with the utmost Exafitness: Nor doth the said Earl know, that he hath, at any time, been deft 6tive in his Duty in this Particular; or ever took upon himself any arbitrary or unwarrantable Authority, much less the chief Direction and Influence in her Majesty’s Councils; nor did he ever prostitute the Honour of the Crown, or Dignity of Parliament, by misrepresenting any Part of the late Negotiations of Peace, to deceive either her Majesty, her Allies, her Parliament, or her People; nor did he ever prepare, form, or concert, or advile her Majesty to make, any Speech, or Declaration from the Throne to her Parliament that was not conformable to Truth: He believes, her Majesty might make several Speeches from the Throne to her Parliament, at the several times in the said Article mentioned; to which the Earl refers; and particularly, that her Majesty did, on the 7th Day of December, 1711, declare, That her Allies, especially the States General, had, by their ready Compliance for opening a Treaty of a general Peace, expressed their Confidence in her: But the said Earl, not admitting the re were such Representations as suggested in this Article, begs Leave, in Vindication of the Honour of his Royal Mistress, who w'as a Princess of strict Piety and Truth, to observe, That the States General sent over Monsieur Buy to her Majesty, with Letters full of Assurances of their Respefit to her Person, and their Resolutions not to separate themselves from her; and likewise signified, by him, to her Ministers, their Readi-nels to concur with her Majesty: And the said Monsieur Buys immediately upon his Arrival at London, delivered Passports for the French Ministers to come to Utrecht; and, at a Meeting of several Lords of the Council, shew-ed his Approbation of fending circular Letters, to invite the rest of the Allies to the general Congress: And the said Monsieur Buys exhibited full Powers for preparing, and signing, a new Treaty: whereby her Majesty, and the States, should be mutually engaged to each other in making War and Peace; to guaranty the Peace, when

4 L made;

Earl of OxfordV Impeachment.

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment.

314 13° Septembris. 1715.

made; and to invite the rest of the Allies into such Guaranty: All which Matters and Transactions being previous to the 7th of December 1711, her Majesty mij»ht justly regard the aforesaid authentick AOs and Aflur-ances, as greater Proofs of the Confidence the Sates had in her, and of their Readinels to concur with her, than any Representations or Reports before that time; and that the said Declaration of her Majesty from the Throne was founded upon the strictest Truth: And the said Earl believes, that every one, who impartially considers the Steps taken in the late Negotiations of Peace; the Length of the Treaty; the several Letters from One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to her Plenipotentiaries: at Utrecht; the Ratification of the Engagement, signed by her Ministers, and Monsieur Buys, the 18th of December 1711; and her exhorting the States to ratify the fame; her pressing Instances to the Princes and States of the Empire; and the many other Acts which were done by her Majesty’s Orders, during that Tran faction, for the Service and Satisfaction of her Allies: will readily acknowledge, that her Majesty did her utmost to procure, for her Allies, and, in particular, for his Imperial Majesty, all reasonable Satisfaction; and to unite, with them, in the firiCteft Engagements, to render the Peace secure and lasting, agreeable to her Speech of the said 7th Day of December, and her Message of the 17th of January following, in this Article mentioned: And if, by any extraordinary Demands, or groundless Jealousies, of any of the Allies, or other Accidents, her Majesty was not able to obtain for them all the Advantages the desired, this will not derogate from the Truth and Sincerity of her Majesty’s Expressions: And it is evident, her Majesty did procure them so great Satisfaction, that the Allies did all sign the Peace at the same time with her Majesty, excepting only the Emperor; and even his Interests were so far adjusted, that what remained in Dispute was not thought of Consequence sufficient to delay so great and good a Work; and it is well known, the Emperors of Germany have frequently declined signing their Treaties of Peace at the same time with their Allies: But that her Majesty was induced, by any Influence of the said Earl, to enter into any Negotiation with France, exclusive of her Allies; or that the said Earl carried on any such Negotiation; or that the Interest of the said Allies, or, in particular, of the Emperor, were, by any Practices of his, given up to France; he utterly denies: And when it is considered, that much British Blood and Treasure had been spent, to recover Spain, and the West Indies, from the House of Bourbon; that an expensive War had for many Years continued, which her Majesty still supplied with new Recruits, and, redoubled Expence; that her Armies, and those of the Allies, had been beaten in Spain; that Prince Eugene had declared, that Forty thousand Men, and Four Millions of Crowns per Annum, would be necessary for carrying on that War; and that his Matter could Supply no more than a Fourth-part of that Charge; that it was found, by long Experience, how averse the People of Spain in general were to submit themselves to the House of Austria; that her Majesty discerned, the Charge of renewing the War in Spain would be a Burthen too great for her Subjects; and that there was little Probability of its being successful; that the Hereditary Countries were then, by the Death of the Emperor Joseph, fallen to King Charles, who wasfoon

after chosen Emperor (by which Event, the Interest of the Princes and States of Europe were changed); it cannot be doubted, but that her late Majesty had, at the time when she made the aforesaid Declaration, done her utmost to recover Spain, and the West Indies, by Force of Arms; and the most she could do afterwards was, by Way of Negotiation; wherein she infilled with that Earneftnels on King Philip's quitting Spain, that France complied with her Majesty’s Proposals; but when King Philip could not be prevailed on to give up Spain, her Majesty thought his Renunciation of the Crown of France, as Circumstances then Hood, the most practicable, if not the only. Method left, to prevent the Union of these Two Monarchies: But the said Earl doth not think it probable, that the leaving 2.3

Spain, and th eWest Indies, to the House of Bourbon, was the Foundation of the Preliminary Articles signed by Mod-sieur Mefnager, and of the Declaration annexed, which had been signed by the Lord Dartmouth, and Mr. St. John, with her Majesty’s Consent (and which, the said Earl supposes, is what is called the private Treaty in this Article); since he believes, it was then thought more likely, that the Crown of Spain might fall to some other Prince: And the said Earl doth not observe, how her Majesty can. be charged with uttering any Falfity in her Message of the 17th Day of January; wherein she takes Notice, how groundless the Reports were, that had been spread, of a separate Peace being treated; for which Report there was not then, nor at any other time, the least Foundation; since only some few Points were adjusted, relating to the particular Interest of her own Kingdoms; and even those were to have no Effect, but upon the Con-elusion of a general Peace; and were likewise, before such Conclusion, communicated to the Allies: And the said Earl denies, that thenceforth, or at any time, there were carried on by him any separate Measures with the Ministers of France: Nor doth he conceive, that the Pro-poial%bout the Renunciation was merely speculative; but that it was of such a Nature as would execute itself, and keeps the Crowns of France and Spain more effectually, divided than ever; if it be considered, that it did not con-lift only in a Renunciation to be made by Philip, then in the Possession of the Crown of Spain, of his contingent Right to that of France-; but that there was a Title to the Crown of France thereby given to the Duke of Orleans, and, after him, to the rest of the Princes of the House of Bourbon; who could not be presumed to want the Will, nor would be likely to want the Power, to take Possession of the Crown of France, by virtue of such Title, in Op- to a Prince at such a Distance, and who had fb-lemnly renounced all his Pretensions to it: Nor can the said Earl think the Declaration of any Minister of France against such Expedient (if any such was made) a sufficient Ground for her Majesty to decline it: The said Earl, therefore, mull beg Leave to repeat, That he is not able to discover, from any thing that appears in those Speeches, that, in the Particulars aforementioned, or any other, the essential Points relating to Peace and Commerce, or which concerned the Interests either of her Allies, or Great Britain, were misrepresented by her Majesty: Nor doth he know, or believe, that any Instance can be given, wherein heabufed the Favour of his Royal Mistress; to whom he did always bear, and pay, the most sincere Veneration and Duty; or wherein he did mislead her Parliament into any groundless or fatal'Refblution; or prevented their Advice to her Majesty; or obtained their Approbation to any dangerous Practices, or whereby her Majesty could be ever deprived of the Confidence of her Allies, or exposed to Contempt.

In Answer to the Sixteenth Article; the said Earl doth insist, That, by the Laws and Constitution of this Realm, it is the undoubted Right and Perogative of the Sovereign, who is the Fountain of Honour, to create Peers of this Realm, as well in time of Parliament as when there is no Parliament fitting, or in being; and that the Exercise of this Branch of the Prerogative is declared, in the Form or Preamble of all Patents of Honour, to proceed ex mero motu, as an Act of mere Grace and Favour; and that such Acts are not done, as many other Acts of a publick Nature are, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council; or as Acts of Pardon usually run, upon a favourable Representation of several Circumstances; or upon Reports from the Attorney General, or other Officers, That such Acts are lawful, or expedient, or for the Safety or Advantage of the Grown; but flows intirely from the beneficent and gracious Disposition of the Sovereign: He farther fays, That neither the Warrants for Patents of Honour, the Bilk, or other Ingrossments of such Patents, are, at any time, communicated to the Council, or -the Treasury, as several other Patents are; And therefore the said Earl, either as High Treasurer, or Privy Counsellor, could not have, any Knowledge of the fame: Nevertheless, if her late Sacred Majesty had thought fit to acquaint

D ized by

a Geo. I. i a" Septembris.

3*5

him with her most gracious Intentions of creating any Number of Peers of this Realm; and had asked his Opinion, whether the Persons whom ihe then intended to create were Persons proper to have been promoted to that Dignity; he does believe, he should haye highly approved her Majesty’s Choice; and does not apprehend, that, in so doing, he had been guilty of any Breach of his Duty, or Violation of the Trust in him reposed, since they were all Persons of Honour, and distinguished Merit; and the Peerage thereby was not greatly increased, considering some of those created would have been Peers by Descent, and many noble Families were then lately extinct: And the said Earl believes, many Instances may be given, where this Prerogative hath been exercised by former Princes of this Realm, in as extensive a manner; and, particularly, in the Reigns of King Henry the Eighth, King James the First, and his late Majesty King William: The said Earl begs Leave to add, That, in the whole Course of his Life, he hath always loved the established Constitution; and in his private Capacity, as well as in all publick Stations, when he had the honour to be employed, has ever done his utmost to preserve it, and shall always continue so to do.

In answer to the further Articles of Impeachment exhibited against the said Earl: As to the First of those Articles; he faith. That he believes, in or about the Month of January, 1710, an Expedition was projected for making a Conquest of the City oiQaebeck, on the River of St. rence, Canada, or other Possessions of the French King, in North America; but denies, he advised her Majesty either to consent to the making such Expedition, or to give Orders for detaching any Battalions of the Forces in her Majesty’s Service in Flanders, or to fend any such Battalions, or any Squadron of Men of War, on the said En-terprize: But, having heard, that the said Project, or some Expedition of the like Nature, had been, some time before, considered in a Committee of Council, and afterwards laid alide for that time; and not being fully apprized of the whole Project, nor so well versed in the Affairs of that Part of the World, as others who had more Opportunity of knowing the m; and left the Expedition might not, at that time, prove so feasible, or advantageous, as others, of better Knowledge in those Matters than himself, did expect; he did all that, he apprehends, his Duty required, to prevent the putting the same in Execution; and expressed his Concern at it to some Persons about the Queen: And, having so far shewn his Opinion of the said Design at that time, believes, it would not have been thought proper for him to have appeared at the Meetings, where the Methods only, of carrying on the Expedition, were to be adjusted; of which Meetings there had been but few, before a Misfortune befel him, which confined him to his Bed; but the said'Earl denies, that he knew the said Expedition was dangerous or destructive; nor did he hear, that it was laid aside, formerly, by a Committee, of Council, as dangerous, or impracticable; but, only, as improper in the Circumstances of Affairs at that time: Nor doth the said Earl know, or believe, the said Expedition was set on foot with any Design to promote the Interest of the French King, or to weaken the Confederate Army in Flanders, or to dissipate the Naval Forces of this Kingdom: And when others of her Majesty’s Council, better acquainted with that Affair, did judge it to be proper, and practicable, lie did not think it became him, upon the Strength of his own ftngle Judgment, further to of-pole an Expedition, which, if it had succeeded, most certainly would have given a great and sensible Blow to the Settlements and 1 rade of France in that Part of the World: And the said Earl, with good Reason, is persuaded, your Lordships will not think it unfit, that her Majesty should take the Opinion of those who better understood Affairs of that Nature; or that your Lordships can judge the said Earl, in that respect, to have been any way wanting in his Duly to her Majesty; but hopes, it will be rather an Evidence of his Fidelity to the Queen, and his Country, that he lb far discouraged what, in his own Judgment, he was diffident of: However, he is Vol. 18.

satisfied, that those of her Majesty’s Council, who did ap- Earlof^ prove the Expedition, aCfed therein with a sincere Desire Qxfo|^Jttn for the public Good, notwithstanding the ill Success it peac *n ’ was attended with j which might chiefly be owing to Delays by contrary Winds, and other unforeseen Accidents:

And he doth not believe, that her Majesty’s Allies did suffer any Prejudice, or the common Enemy receive any Advantage, by the Detaching of Forces from Flanders to serve on this Enterprize; and is informed, That, to prevent any such Danger, her Majesty’s General who commanded at that time in Flanders had Orders for providing other Forces in their place, if he judged it necessary:

And the said Earl doth acknowlege, that the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, was demanded at the Treasury, about June 1711, on Account of Arms, Accoutrements, Goods, and Merchandize, said to be sent on the said Expedition to Canada: But he faith.

That he was so far from advising her late Majesty, that the said Sum should be issued and paid that, on the contrary he put a Stop to the Payment of the lame, until he had done all he could,<at that time, to examine into the Expenditure of the said Money; But, being then High Treasurer of Great Britain, and having received her Majesty’s Orders to pay the said Sum, and not being able, with his utmost Precaution, then to discover any just Cause why it should not be paid, he did afterwards, in Obedience to those Orders, and according to the Duty of his Place, countersign a Warrant to the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces, for the Payment of the fame; pursuant to which, he believes, the same was issued and received.

And, as to that Part of the said Article, which charges the said Earl with employing his Arts, or Credit, to' keep the House of Commons from examining that Affair, he begs Leave to say, That, whatever Suspicions he might entertain in his own Mind, he did not, upon Examination, find, that there was sufficient Proof to justify the laying them before either House of Parliament: And although he hath been informed, that the Papers relating to that Expedition were laid before the last, and have been all along in the Power of the present House of Commons; yet he hath not heard, that any Fraud hath been made out in that Affair; notwithstanding the Gentlemen who had them under their Inspection neither wanted Ability to make the utmost Discoveries, nor could be supposed to be prevented therein by any Influence of the said Earl: And he hopes, it will not be imputed to him as a Fault, if he had used any Skill, or Credit, to keep the House of Commons from examining this Affair at that Juncture, when, by any un-seasonable Inquiry, before a proper Proof could be had, the Fraud, if any such there were, would be likely, for ever, to escape unpunished: But the said Earl denies, that he ever exercised, or had, any arbitrary Power, or Influence, either in her Majesty’s private Council, or the great Council of the Nation, or entertained any Design to prevent the Justice due to the Queen, or the Nation; or that any Discovery had been made to him, further than what might give Suspicion to one who was always jealous (as became him) of any Misapplication of the publick Treasure: And the said Earl faith, -That he is not con-feious, that, by any Letter or Memorial to her Majesty, he hath acted contrary to his Duty; but humbly hopes, he may be allowed to observe, that it would be a Matter of particular Havdship, and what seems to him inconsistent with the Rules of Honour and Decency, if the most fe-cret and intimate Papers and Letters wrote to that most renowned and pious Princess, her late Majesty, by her own special Command, and for her own private Perusal, should be imputed to any as a Crime: And if any Quotation from any such Letter or Paper could be alleged against the said Earl, he doubts not but there might appear, from other of her Majesty’s private Papers, what would justify him in many Particulars wherewith he is charged; and would give further Proof, if it were needful, how tender and affectionate her Majesty was to all her Subjects.

In answer to the Second additional Article; the said Earl doth admit, That, about October 1711, her late Majesty

Earl of Oxford’s Impeach* meat.

310 1 2* Septembris.A. 1715.

Majesty did sign a Warrant, directed to him, then her Treasurer of Great Britain, for the Issuing and Payment of the Sum of 13,000l. to John Drummond Esquire, in the * Article named; and that, on or about the 24th of November following, in pursuance of the said Warrant under her Majesty’s Sign Manual, he the said Earl did sign a Warrant for the Payment of the said 13,000l.; but, for more Certainty, begs Leave to refer to the said several Warrants, when the same shall be produced: And the said Earl takes the Words " for special Services of the War " to have been inserted by Mistake of the Clerks; for he absolutely denies, that he gave any Direction for those Words, or any oilier of like Import, to be inserted; and he belieVes, all the Clerks of the Treasury know, that the Monies which arose from the Sale of Tin was the Queen’s proper Money, for the Support of her Houshold, and such Occasions as (he should please to direct, and not appropriated to the Services of the War; although forric-times it hath been practised, that Loans have been taken upon Tin Tallies, for the Services of the War, and other publick Services, and afterwards repaid to the Civil List; which might possibly give Occasion for such Mistake: And the said Earl faith, that, having been acquainted with the Services the said Mr. Drummond had performed, by Order of the late Earl of Godin borrowing Money upon Tin at a low Interest, the said Earl a Iked Mr. Drummond's Consent, that a Sum, in Tin Tallies, might be struck in his Name; and, with such Confeut, did direct, that Orders, amounting to the Sum of 13,000l. should be charged, in the Register of the Exchequer, on the Monies arifinjg by the Sale of Tin, in the Name of the said Mr. Drummond:who afterwards, before his going to Hol-

land, indorsed the said Orders, at the said Earl’s Request, and left them in the Treasury; but how long it was before the said Orders were indorsed, or how long they remained afterwards in the Treasury, the said Earl doth not particularly remember; but doth acknowledge, that the said Orders and Tallies came afterwards to his own Hands, and were disposed for his own Ufc: But, in order to lay the true State of this Affair before your Lordships, the said Earl humbly represents, That upon attending the late Queen, after his being wounded, her Majesty had the Goodnefe to tell him, That ftie designed him a Sum of Money: Upon which, he represented to her Majesty the bad Condition of her Civil List: But, several times after, her Majesty asked him why he did not find a Way for receiving Money lhe intended him, and bring the necessary Warrants for that Purpose? He still urged the same Rea-lon against it; and, for near Six Months, made no Step n it; till at last her Majesty was pleased to fav, She was resolved to have it done; and, as her Majesty had, in Matters of her Bounty, made use of'J in Tallies for other Persons, lhe was pleased to mention the same herself; and ordered proper Warrants to be prepared for the Sum, which her Majesty, of her Royal Bounty, intended him: That, after her Majesty had lb positively signified her Royal Pleasure to bestow such Mark of her Favour upon the said Earl, the said Tallies and Orders were struck in Mr. Drummond's Name, with her Majesty’s Knowledge, and at the said Earl’s Nomination; and, from that time, the same were kept under the said Earl’s Direction, for his Use; and the said Earl was advised, that nothing further was requisite to be done, after the Assignment of the said Mr. Drummond, for securing the said Earl’s Interest in the said Tallies, till an Accident happened, which made it necessary, for further Security, to have the said Warrant as a Declaration of Trust; which was accordingly signed by her Majesty; and is to the Effect following;

ANNER.

Whereas, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, in Consideration of the many good, faithful, and acceptable, Services, which, before that time, had been performed unto us by our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor Robert Earl of Oxford, then and now our High Treasurer at Great Britain;which Services have tended to the

Quiet, Safety, and Prosperity, of us, and our Realms; though the same were accompanied with great Difficulties upon himself, and Hazards to him, and his Family; and particularly reflecting upon the Impious Attempt made upon his Life; we did then fiilly resolve, as a particular Mark of our Favour, and of our gracious Acceptance of the said Earl’s Services, to bestow upon him a Sum in ready Money: But the said Earl representing to us, that the Arrears then due to our Servants, and Tradesmen, chargeable upon our Civil List, were very great and pressing} '

We did therefore agree and determine, that the said Earl should have, to his own Use, the several Sums, amounting to Thirteen thousand Pounds, comprised in certain Orders of Loan, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, in your Name, and charged upon the Register in our Exchequer, on the Monies arising by Sale of our Tin; which Orders are not yet in Course of Payment:

Now, we do hereby declare and make known, That the said several Sums, amounting to Thirteen thousand Pounds, contained in the said Orders, and the Interest: thereof due, and to be due, are, and shall be, the proper Monies of the said Earl of Oxford: 1

And we do hereby direct and authorize you to transfer and assign the said Orders, and the whole Right and Bene-. fit thereof, to the said Earl, and his Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint in that behalf:

And in case any the Monies due, or to be due, or payable, upon the said Orders, shall come to your Hands; in such Case, our Pleasure is, that you forthwith pay over the same to the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,. to his and their own Use and Behoof, without any Account to be therefore rendered to us, our Heirs or Successors: And this our Warrant, or an attested Copy thereof, shall be your sufficient Warrant, and Discharge, for so doing.

Given at our Court at Windsor Castle, the Fourteenth Day of December, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign,

Annoque Dom. 1713.

To our Trusty and Well-beloved

John Dtummond Esq.

And the said Earl believes the said Warrant was drawn by Mr. Lowndes, Secretary to the Treasury; and by what means the same was omitted to be entered in the Treasury, he knows not; but, upon hearing the re was a Discourse about the said 13,000l. in Tin Tallies, he lent a Copy of the said Warrant to the Officers of the-Treasury, without signifying any Desire to have the same entered; well knowing it received its Authority from the sign Manual, which wanted no additional Force from an Entry thereof in the Treasury Books: And the said Earl faith, That her Majesty was pleased, of her mere goodness and Bounty, and of her own free Will, to give him the said sum of Money, in Reward of his faithful Services, and for his Sufferings in her Service: And the said Earl faith, That the said Grant, according to the Discount upon those Tallies at that time, amounted to the Sum of 10,000l. or thereabouts; wherein he acknowlegeth the great Bounty of her Majesty; and takes Notice, that Grants much larger have been made from the Crown to other Ministers of State, while the Necessities of the Crown have been equally pressing: And the said Earl doth not know, that, in this, or any other, Part of his Administration, he ever was guilty of any Corruption, or any Breach of his Oath, or Trust, as High Treasurer of Great B; or that he did, in any manner, abuse her Majesty’s Goodnels, or make an ill Use of his Accefe to her Majesty, or embezzle the publick Treasure, or did, at anytime, knowingly injure or of -prese her Majesty’s Subjects; but, on the contrary, the said Earl faith, 'lhat he managed the publick Money in the most frugal manner, in order to lessen, as much as might be, the Charge of the War; and to ease, if he could, the Commons of Great Britain from all grievous Taxes: And, in further Vindication of himself against all the Imputation

a Geo. I.

12° Septembris.

317

putation of Avarice, or Corruption, iufinuated in this Article, the said Earl faith, That, in every Employment to which he was called by her Majesty's Favour, he was always contented with the accustomed Incomes and Profits of the said Employment, without endeavouring to increase his Gain by any unwarrantable or extraordinary Perquisites; that, whilst he was in any Office of Trust about her late Majesty, he never abused that Trust, in making any manner of Profit or Advantage to himself, either by the Disposal of Places in his own Gift, or by the Recommendation of Persons to her Majesty for such as were granted immediately by herself; that, neither in, or out of Place, did he ever receive any Pension from the Crown; that hs he came with clean Hands into her Majesty’s Service, so went not only with clean, but almost empty Hands out of it; having spent therein most Part of the Profits which accrued to him from the Places he enjoyed; that, at this time, notwithstanding all the Advantages he received from them, and the extraordinary Bounty of the Queen to him, in this Article mentioned, he can, with great Truth, affirm, that his private Fortune hath thereby received very inconsiderable Addition.

In Answer to the Third additional Article; the said Earl fays, That, Matthew Prior Ei’quire being employed by her late Majesty at the Court of France, Warrants were signed, in the usual Form, for Payment of several Sums of Money to the said Mr. Prior, which, he believes, from the 27th of August 1712 to the 10th of 1714, might amount to the Sum of Twelve thousand Three hundred

Contrivance: The said Earl faith, That, Thomas Earl of -

Esquire having been twice sent by her late Majesty to the Oxford's Im-Court of Hanavet', he the said Earl, being the n' High ptac taU

Treaftrrer of Great Britain, paid, or caused to be paid, to the said Mr. Harley, the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds, or thereabouts, ’dy Authority from her Majesty, and according to the Duty of his Office, ©ut of Monies appropriated to the Use of the Civil List: And he believes, that, if Mr. Harley had received an Allowance in proportion to what hath been paid to Ambassadors, it would have amounted to a greater Sum: But denies, that the said Sum of Five thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds, or any Part of it, was paid without Authority, or for promoting any wicked Purposes of the said Earl; or that he did, either illegally, or fraudulently, ifl’ue or direct, or advise the Direction or Payment of, any Sum or Sums of Money out of her Majesty’s Treasury to any Person whatsoever; of that he ever entered into any Combination with the Persons above*anentioned, or any other Person whatsoever, to defraud her Majesty of any of the publick Money which he was entrusted with the Management of.

In Arifiver to the Fourth additional Article; the said Earl denies, that he ever held any Corfespondence witfi Maty the late Consort of the late King James lid, either by the means of Mr. Prior, or by any other Means whatsoever; or that he ever intended, or had the least Design, ally w ay to promote the Interest of the Pretender: Nor doth the said Earl know, or believe, that Monsieur Gaultier, in the said Article named, was entrusted, or employ-

and Sixty Pounds, as in the said Article is set forth; and, ed, as an Agent between any of the Ministers of Great he believes, he did pay, or cause to be paid, at several Britain and France, in transacting any Aftairs relating to times, the said Sums, pursuant to the Authority he bad the Pretender: And denies, that he the said Earl had any from her late Majesty for that Purpose; which, he con- Conferences with him the said Mr. Gaultier on that Sub-ceives, was not only lawful, but a Doty incumbent on je£t: Nor doth the said Earl know, or believe, that he the him: He further faith, That he doth not know, that, by said Mr. Gaultier was impowered to concert with him the any Law, there ought to be certain Appointments, or Al- said Earl particularly the settling any Payment, or Remit-lowances, for the Maintenance and Support of Ambafta- tance, of the Annuities hereafter mentioned, or any other dors, Envoys, Plenipotentiaries, or other publick Mini- yearly Sum to be paid, or remitted, out of her Majesty’s Hers of the Crown, in foreign Courts; but that her Ma- Treasury, into France neither had the said Earl the least jesty was at Liberty to vary such Appointments, and die Design, that any of the Fruits, or Advantages, of th^ Manner of paying them, as die in her Wil'dom should " " 1

think fit, out of any Funds appropriated to the Civil List: He does believe, that there are several Instances, where Persons employed to negotiate Matters of Importance, as Ambassadors, or Plenipotentiaries, have been allowed One thousand Five hundred Pounds for their Equipage; One hundred Pounds a Week for their ordinary Entertainment; and One thousand Six hundred Pounds for Extraordinaries; and likewise further Sums for Services performed by special Order; and, if the said Mr. Prior had been paid upon that Foot, he would have been entitled to a greater Sum from the Crown, for the Time wherein he was em-

Eloved by her Majesty, as aforesaid, over and above all )iffiurfements for special Services: And the said Earl faith. That be takes the said Matthexo Prior to have been sent by her Majesty into France for lrer Majesty’s Service, and in order to carry on the Negotiations of a general Peace: But denies, that he was any Creature of the said Earl; or sent by the said Earl into France-, or that he carried onany Negotiations of the said Earl; or that her Majesty was prevailed on, by his Counsels, to fend the said Matthew Prior as her Plenipotentiary to the French King, without

Peace should be made an Offering to any Adherent of the Pretender; nor did he agree, or undertake, to procure the Payment of the yearly Sum of Forty-seven thousand Pounds, or any other yearly Sum, to the Use of the said late Consort, during her Life: But the said Earl doth admit, That the late King James the I Id, by Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date on or about

the 28th Day of August in the Year 1685, granted unto Laurence Earl of Rochester, Henry Earl of Peterborough,

Sidney Lord G.odolphin, Robert Warden Esquire, and Sir

Edward Herbert Knight, who are all since deceased, divers Annuities, or yearly Sums of Money, amounting to Thirty-seven thousand Three hundred Twenty eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence, payable out of the Hereditary Duty of Excise, and the Post Office, and other Revenues, in the said Letters Patents mentioned, to hold to them, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Consort, in Trust for her; and, by other Letters Patents, bearing Date on or about the 3d Day of December in the Year 1686, also granted unto the said Consort a further Pension, or yearly Sum, of Ten thousand Pounds, to hold during her natural Life; whereby the said Revenues, arif-

the Privity of, or any Communication with, her Allies; ing from the Hereditary Excise, and Post Office, and other or that the said Earl used the least Contrivance for cany- the Revenues in the said Letters Patents mentioned, being on, or did cany on, or promote, any dangerous Prac- came charged wdth, and were liable to, the said Annui-tices with the Ministers of France, or the Enemies of her ties, or yearly Sums, as in this Article is mentioned: And Majesty, or her Kingdoms; or that he did, at any time, the said Earl doth admit, That the said Revenues were, by combine with the said Matthew Prior to defraud her several Acts of Parliament, granted and settled, during the Majesty of any Sum of Money whatsoever, under colour Life of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the of his Employment; or that the said Matt hem Prior was U le and Service of his Houshold and Family, and for other sent into France with the Character aforesaid, or without his necessary Expences and Occasions; and, after his De-any settled Appointment, or Allowance, for any such End; mise, during the Life* of lier late Majesty Queen Anne, or that he the said Earl did give the said Matthew Prior were appointed to be for the Support of her Houshold, and on unlimited Credit; or promised to pay him any Bills ~ -

whatsoever, other than what he should be duly authorized to pay; or that any Bills of Exchange, in the said Article mentioned, were drawn ia pursuance of any such

You 18. 4 M

of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: But faith, That, in the same Act of Parliament, whereby the said Revenues arc so appointed, there is a general Saving to all and every Person and Persons, of all such' Rights, Titles* Estates,

Interests,

318 12° Septembris. A. 1715.

Farl of Interests, Claims, and Demands, whatsoever, of, in, or hence, to direct a Present should be made to the said Mr.

Oxford's ftn- to, or out of, the said Revenues and Hereditaments, or Gaultier, as hath been usual, in like Cafes, to publick Mi-

peachme&t. any of them, as they, or any of them, had, or ought to nifters; and he believes her said Majesty was the rather have had, before the making the said Act, as fully, to all inclined to make such Present to the said Mr. Gaultier, Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act had never been because the said Earl hath heard, and takes it to be true, made: And the said Earl doth admit. That an Act of that the said Gaultier had been instrumental with the Parliament was made in the Twelfth Year of her late Ma- French King to obtain the Delivery and Release of those jesty’s Reigp, whereby the Sum of Five hundred thousand poor Protestants who had suffered aboard the Xjallies, on Pounds, for the Causes therein mentioned, was to be ap- account of their Religion: whose Relcue from Slavery plied, in Aid of the Revenues, or Branches, which were her Majesty, out of her known Zeal to the Protestant Reappointed for the Support of her Majesty’s Houftiold, and ligion, and out of her wonted Piety and Companion to the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, for or towards the the Confessors in so good a Cause, had much at Heart; Paying of such Arrears of Salaries, Wages, Diet-money, and had prevailed therein beyond Expectation; it being and other Allowances, and Rich Debts for Emptions, what by his Majesty King William had been attempted Provisions, and other Causes, as should appear to be due in vain, and was thought, by many, impossible ever to be and owing to her Majesty’s Servants, Tradesmen, and obtained; and the good Offices of the said Gaultier, in others: But the said Earl faith. He hath heard, That the that Affair, having been very acceptable to her Majesty, said late Consort of the late King James the lid, esteeming lhe was plealed to increase his Present, in respect thereof; herself to be entitled, by the Laws^of England, by virtue and therefore ordered it to be paid in the same manner of the said Letters Patents, to the several yearly Sums of as had been done to others, whole Presents her Majesty Money therein mentioned, did, by Letter of Attorney, thought fit to augment; and, for this End, her Majesty, impower and authorize the said Mr. Gaultier to demand about the time in this Article mentioned, did lign a War-and receive, for her only Use, Benefit, and Behoof, all rant, directing the Payment of One thousand Pounds Ster-Sums of Money, which, from and after the Feast of the ling to Arthur Esquire, in the same Article mention-Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin 1713, were become ed, to the Intent it might be paid to the said Mr due and payable upon the said several Annuities, amount- on the Account aforesaid: And the said Earl believes the ing to Thirty-seven thousand Three hundred Twenty-eight laid Monies were issued and paid accordingly; and doth Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence, and the other not apprehend he hath therein acted contrary to his Duty. Annuity, or yearly Sum, of Ten thousand Pounds; and 111 Answer to the Fifth additional Article; the said Earl to give Acquittances and Discharges for the Monies he doth admit the Sovereign of this Realm may refuse to re-should so receive to her only Use and Behopf, as aforesaid; ceive any natural born Subject, who hath committed, and and that thereupon he the said Mr. Gaultier applied him- is under the Guilt of, High Treason, as a publick Mini-self to her Majesty for the Payment of the Monies which Iter, or with any Character, from any foreign Prince, were incurred, or grown due, on the said several Annui- State, or Potentate , and that, where such Person is known ties, from the said 25th Day of March 1713; and that to be guilty of such Crime, it may, in most Cafes, be fit her Majesty was plealed to lign a Warrant, directed to so to do: But he the said Earl apprehends, that the Sove-him the said Earl, being then her Majesty’s High Trea- -reign is the proper Judge whom to refuse, or receive, with surer, or to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the such Character: The laid Earl believes, that a Person, Treasury, for the Time being, in tire Words, or to the stiling himself, or commonly known by the Name of, Effect, in the said Article set forth; but, for more Cer- Lilcott, or Lawless, did, about the Year 1712, or 1713 tainty, refers himself to the said Warrant, when the same come into England with Letters of Credence to her Ma-shall be produced: And that, in Obedience to her Majel- jesty from the King and late Queen of and Authority ty’s Commands, signified by the said Warrant, he the said to treat about carrying British Merchandizes to the Earl did direct Two several Warrants to the Auditor of West Indies j and that her Majesty was plealed to admit the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Effect in the said such Person with such Letters of Credence; and, before Article let forth; but, for more Certainty, refers to the his Return to was pleased to order, for the L^fe of

laid several Warrants, when the same shall be produced: such Person, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be paid But he denies he advised her Majesty to lign the said out of the Monies appropriated to the Civil List; which Warrant, of the 23d oi December 1713; but when such the said Earl, in Obedience to such Orders, caused to be Warrant was brought to him, and he knew, that the paid; and humbly apprehends, it was his Duty so to do: Jointure of the said Consort had been confirmed by Act But the said Earl believes, that when the said Lilcot, or of Parliament; and had heard, that, by feme private At- Lawless, was so admitted, he was generally thought to be tide, or Agreement, at the Treaty of Ryfivick, Provision a natural Spaniard; and that, from the Advantages of had been made in relation to it; and the Legality of the those Licences which he brought for carrying the British Demand not being doubted by her Majesty’s Counsel Merchandizes to the West Indies, he expected a much learned in the Law, the said Earl thought it his Duty to larger Present: How ever, the said Earl denies, that he pay Obedience to it: and the Sum of Five hundred tho.u- knew, or was informed, before the Arrival of the said land Pounds, intended to be raised by the said Act of the Lawless in England, any thing of his coming hither; nor, 12th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, together with a great after his Arrival, did he fee him, or know of his being additional Sum in Tallies, being designed for Discharge of here, before he had been introduced to her Majesty; it her Majesty’s Debts, the said Earl thought himself suffi- being usual for publick Ministers to be introduced by those ciently authorized to direct, that the said Sum of Money, Servants of her Majesty to whose Office it belongs, as mentioned in the said Warrants, which, he was advised, Matter of Duty, and common Disputch, without consult-was a Debt from her Majesty, should be paid out of the ing therein other Ministers of State: And, upon the Notice laid Five hundred thousand Pounds; yet the Sum in the taken of this Affair formerly in the House of Peers, it ap-laid Warrants mentioned, or any Part thereof, was not peered, that the Noble Lord who introduced the said Zea*-paid out of the said appropriated Sum of Five hundred less to the Queen, by virtue of his Office, did it as of Course; thousand Pounds, or otherwise; but the whole Sum of and did not then know lie was other than a Native oi Spain: Five hundred thousand Pounds was applied to other Uses, And the said Earl faith, That, of a long time after he for which it was appropriated: And the said Earl hum- had been so introduced, the said Earl neither knew, nor bly hopes, that he hath not hereby betrayed the Honour heard, that he was other.than a natural Spaniard; but, of her late Majesty, or the Imperial Crown of thele when the said Person had continued in England a consider-Realms, or acted contrary to his Duty: And the said Earl able time, there was a Rumour, and the said Earl was doth acknowlege, That, the said Mr. Gaultier coming into afterwards informed, he was a Native oi Ireland, and do1 England with Letters of Credence from the French King parted out of that Kingdom in his Youth, and had since to her late Majesty, after having resided feme time in been in the Spanish Service} but doth not know, nor was England, her Majesty was plealed, before his Departure informed, that he had committed, or beea guilty of, High

'Treason;

a Geo. I.

I i° Seplembris.

Treason; or that he had served the late King James the lid, in the War in Ireland, against King the Illd;

or had followed the said King James the lid into France, or been in his Interest or Service; or had been in Rebellion against King William; or in Arms against the late Queen; And the said Earl having no Notice of the said Person’s Arrival, before his being admitted to her Majesty, nor any Knowlege of any Crime he was guilty of, submits, whether it shall be imputed to him as any want of Duty, that he did not advise her Majesty against admitting or receiving him in the Character aforesaid; or that he did, by her Majesty's Authority, meet, confer, or negotiate, with him, concerning any Affairs, about which he was authorized to treat, in case he had so done, which, however, the said Earl doth not admit; or that, by Authority from her Majesty, he paid the said Sum of One thousand Pounds to the said Daniel Arthur, which after came to his Use: But the said Earl -doth deny, that he adviied her Majesty to (ign the Warrant for Payment of the said One thousand Pounds; or gave any Directions for Payment thereof, contrary to what was intended by her Majesty: And the said Earl admits, That some other Sums of Monies, which might amount in the Whole to Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds or thereabouts, were paid in Satisfaction of Monies advanced to the said Lawle, as Part of the Monies agreed to be advanced to his Catholick Majesty by the Assiento Contract: But denies, that he directed the Payment of any other Monies whatsoever, out of'her Majesty’sTreasury, to the said Lilejh, alias Lawless-, or knows, that any other Monies were paid to him, beside the aforementioned Sum of One thousand Pounds, and the Monies paid in Satisfaction of what was advanced to him, towards the Part due to his Catholick Majesty by the said Contract: And the said Earl never assumed the supreme Direction in her Majesty’s Councils; neither was he advising, that the said Person should be introduced to her Majesty, or should be received, or treated, by her Ministers, under the disguised Name Carlo Moro, or

should at all be received as a publick Minister here: And the said Earl doth acknowlege, That the House of Lords, with commendable Zeal, made such Addrefe, and came to such Resolution, and that her Majesty made such Answer, and issued such Proclamation, as in the said Article is mentioned: And as the said Earl had always ^he highest Regard to the Safety of her Majesty’s Person, the Security of the Protestant Succession, and Advice and Relblutious of the House of Peers; so he denies, that he had the least Knowlege that the said Lilejh, alias Lawless, had ever been Minister, or Agent, of the Pretender at the Court of Madrid; or the least Suspicion, that he was lent into England to promote the Interest of the Pretender in these Kingdoms: Nor is he confcicus to himself that he hath done any thing to expose the Person of her most Sacred Majesty; to enervate, or render ineffectual, the Advice of Parliament, or her Majesty’s Declarations; to countenance any Emissary of the Pretender, or encourage his Adherents, to the Danger of the Protestant Succession, as by Law established, in the Serene House of Hanover; but, on the contrary, is persuaded, his Conduct in that Affair is lb well known, as not to need any further Justification; but, if it should at any time be thought necessary, he is able to produce those Proofs of it, which are the belt Authority in the World for his Vindication.

In Anifwer to the Sixth additional Article; the said Earl hath been informed, and doth believe it may be true, That after several unsuccessful Attempts by her late Majesty, in Conjunction with her Allies, to establish his present Imperial Majesty upon the Throne of Spain, Instructions, in Writing, were given to Mitjord Craw Esquire, about the 7th Day of March 1705, taking notice, That her Majesty had been informed, the People of Catalonia were inclined to cast off the Yoke impoied on them by the French, and to return to the Obedience of the House of Austria; and that her Majesty, deliring to maintain and improve that good Disposition in them, and to induce them to put the same speedily in Execution, had made choice of him to carry on so great a Work, for the Advantage of her Scr-

Vol. 18.

vice, and the Good of the common Cause, as was the Earl of making a Treaty with the Catalans, or any other People Oxford’* Im-of Spain, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Pe*chiaent* Mitjord Crow was thereby impowered to give the Catalans, or other Spaniards, Assurances of her Majesty’s utmost Endeavours to procure the Establishment of all such Rights and Immunities as they had formerly enjoyed under the House of Austria, and the Confirmation of such Titles as had been conferred on any of them by the Duke of Anjou; and that, for their further Satisfaction, her Majesty had lent to King Charles the Third for Powers for confirming the same to them; and was willing, if they indited on it, to become Guarantee that it should be done;

And the said Earl hath been likewise informed, That her Majesty, in a Commission granted to the said Mitjord Crow, expressed, That (he thought fit to enter ipto a Treaty with the Principality of Catalonia, or any other Province of Spain, on Condition they would acknowlege* and receive, Charles the Third as lawful King of Spain, and utterly abdicate the House of Bourbon, and join their Forces with her Majesty’s; and that her Majesty was plealed also to (ign, and deliver to the said Mitjord Crow,

Credential Letters, directed to the Nobility, Magistraey, and other Officers, of Catalonia, or any other Province of Spain, desiring them to give Faith to every thing the said Mitjord Crow should tell them in her Majesty’s Name; and that Instructions were likewise given to the Earl of Peterborough, and Sir Cloudefly Shovel, about the Time, and to the Effect, in the said Article mentioned; and that a Manifesto, or Declaration, was afterwards published by the said Earl of Peterborough, to the Effect in the said Article set forth: But the said Earl denies, that such Manifesto, or Declaration, was prepared by his Advice, or Privity: And the said Earl believes it may be true, that lbrne Part of the Nobility, "Clergy, and Inhabitants of the Principality of Catalonia, and also of the Inhabitants of the Island oi Majorca, did afterwards acknowlege King Charles the Third, now Emperor, for their lawful Sovereign;, and did join their Arms with those of her Majesty, and her Allies, against the present King of Spain; but, by what Motives they were induced thereunto, the said East does not know: And the said Earl does acknowlege, that, for some time, the Arms of her Majesty, and her Allies, in Spain, were attended with considerable Successes, in which the Bravery of the Catalans appeared; and the Forces of the Confederates twice entered the capital City of that Kingdom: by which lignal Conquests, and the great Supplies that have been granted by Parliament for their Assistance, the said People were under the highest Obligations of Gratitude to her Majesty: But, the Advantages those Successes had given King Charles the Third being loft, her Majesty found the Burthen of that War very heavy to her Subjects; the Conquest *f Spain for the present Emperor impracticable; and, after the Accession of the Empire, and Defcentof the Hereditary Countries to him, esteemed incontinent with the Interests of many of her Allies; and therefore thought it necessary, for the Good of her People, and the Tranquillity oi Europe, to enter into Negotiations for a general Peace: But the said Earl denies, that he entered into any Conspiracy for (objecting the Spanish Monarchy to the House of Bourbon; or ever had the least Design of the Ruin or Defiruction of any of the Rights,

Liberties, or Privileges, of the Catalans; or that he ever , formed any Contrivance for abandoning them to the Fury or Revenge of the Duke of A/jou, or his Adherents; or for the Extirpation of any of their Rights, Liberties, or Privileges; or that he adviied her Majesty to give Directions to the Lord Lexington to acknowlege the Duke of Anjou King oi Spain, before any Negotiation of Peace was let on foot, in due Form of Law, bctw.een the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain: On the contrary, the said Earl faith,

That, by Letters and Papers lent by One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to the Lord Lexington, it will appear, Uiat, after her Majesty had hearkened to the Proposels for a general Peace, for the Good of her own People, and her Allies, (he used her best Endeavours for obtaining the Liberties of the Catalans, at the Conclusion

of

Karl of Oxford’s Impeachment.

3 3d t V Septetohfis. A< 1713.

of the Peace j and that his Lordship was directed, peremptorily and absolutely, to infill thereon: Nor doth d\e said Earl know, or believe, that any Orders were ever lent from, or given by, her Majesty, to any of her Mi-nifters, to recede from that Demand; or that the said Lord Lexington ever desisted from making the utmost Efforts he could for obtaining it: And if, from any Mea-fiires of the Catalans, or of his Imperial Majesty, or from any other Cause, her Majesty’s Endeavours had not their full Effect, the said Earl conceives it cannot be imputed to any Neglefit of her Majesty, or any Watit of Duty in him the find Earl: He believes, that, about the time in the said Article mentioned, his Imperial Majesty did enter into a Convention, or Agreement, for evacuating Catalonia; and that her Majesty, out of Inclination to perform her best Offices to the Emperor, was prevailed on to become One of the Guarantees thereof; but denies, that his Imperial Majesty was necefiitated, by any Praci tices of the said Earl, to make any such Convention; and is ignorant, for what Causes his Imperial Majesty, whom it most concerned, omitted, in Inch Convention, to make express and pofttive Stipulations for the Liberties of the Catalans: If it proceeded from any Dependence upon the Declaration of her Majesty, to interpose her best Offices bn their behalf; and the Promises of the French King to join his Endeavours therein; he is confident it will appear, her Majesty’s best Offices' were employed in that Affair, when it is considered what repeated Instauces she made, by her Ministers, and in the most pathctick Manner, to obtain for them the Privileges they desired; and that her Majesty, by her earned Interposition, did obtain A Grant, and Confirmation, to all the Inhabitants of talonia, of a perpetual Amnesty, and Oblivion, of all that was done in the late War; the full Possession of all their Estates and Honours; and a farther Grant of all the Privileges, which the Inhabitants of both who, of

all the Spaniatds, were most dear to the King of,

enjoyed, or might, at any time after, have or enjoy; whereby the Catalans, if they obtained not all the ancient Privileges they pretended to, received, however, in Compenl'ation thereof, the Advantage of trading directly to the West Indies, and other Privileges, to which they were never before intitled: And the House of Peers, upon Confederation of several Papers, laid before them,7 relating to this Affair, in pursuance of their Address to her Majesty in that behalf, expressed their utmost Thankfulness, and Satisfaction, for her Majesty’s repeated and earned Eri-deavQurs for preserving to the Catalans the full Enjoyment of all their just and ancient Liberties: And it is probable,

her Majesty had prevailed to obtain for them their ancient Privileges and Liberties, in the largest Extent, if , they had waited the Event of her gracious Interpofitiobs in their favour, and not determined to carry on the War by themselves against King Philip, after the Emperor had signed the Convention for evacuating their Country; which incensed the King of Spain in the highest Degree, and was looked upon by him as the most obstinate Rebellion: However, the said Earl faith, he never amused the Catalans with any Expectations whatsoever; nor, in any Degree, contributed to engage them in any obstinate Defence against the Duke of Anjou; nor advised her Majesty . to conclude a Peace with Spain, without Security for the ancient Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of that People; or to fend Sir James Wijhart, with a Squadron of Men of War, for the Purposes in the said Article mentioned; but believes, her Majesty might think herself obliged, by being Guarantee to the said Convention for the Evacuating of Catalonia, to fend the said Sir James into the

Mediterranean, with a Squadron of Men of War; al-

though he knows not the Orders, or Instructionj; given . on that Occasion; and humbly apprehends, that he can-

not in Justice be charged with any Consequences from

that unhappy People’s Refusal to* comply, in their Sub-rniffion to the King of Spain, upon the Terms her Majesty had stipulated for them.

Thus the said Earl has laid his same before your Lord-ftiips; wherein, he hopes, he hath fully answered the several Articles exhibited against him: Vet, least there should be any Omission ih his Answer, which may be made use of to his Prejudice, he fays, he is not guilty of all or any the Matters contained in the said Articles, or any of them, in Manner and Form as they are therein charged against him; and humbly hopes, that your Ibrd-lliips will excuse any Imperfections, or Defects, in the said Answer, with regard to Expression or Form; and impute whatever of that kind may appear to the great Weakriefe of Body, and ill State of Health, which the said Earl no# labours, and hath for feme Months past laboured under; and that your Lordships will be induced to make all further due Allowances in his favour, from the following Considerations, which relate to the Nature of the Charge in general, and the Difficulties with which his Defence' of 1 himself, against the Particulars contained in that Charge, is, and must be, attended: Most of the Articles, with which he (lands charged, relate intirely to the Negotiations of the Peace lately concluded at UtHe doubts not but your Lordships will consider, that lie must of Necessity, be under great Difficulties in giving a full and particular Account of such a great Variety of 1'acts, as are contained in thele Articles; That several of those Facts concern Transactions with the Ministers of foreign States, who cannot be produced as Witnesses in his Defence, be their Testimony never so material: That many Steps and Proceedings, in an Affair of this Nature, where the Intereste of fever® Parties, not only separate from, but some of them also contrary to, ‘each other, are to be adjusted, do require great Secrecy and Address in the Management; and that, in Treaties between Enemies, such Terms are often proposed, and such Arguments used, as carry a dif* fereut Appearance from the real Intentions of those that treat: Upon which Accounts, it must be very difficult to set every thing that passed in the late Negotiations, with regard to the Enemy, and to the Allies, in a clear Light; and to justify every Step that was taken towards conducting them to the End proposed; especially, since the Account of those Transactions, and of the Reasons on which they were founded, cannot, as he conceives* be duly cleared, but by inspecting the intire Series of Letters and Papers which passed during the Continuance of those Tranlao-tions; and by comparing together such Passages in them, as might give Light to each other, and to the Whole: All which Letters and Papers are, as he is informed, now in the Possession of the honourable House of Commons;' nor was it thought fit, upon his humble Application to your Lordships, that he should be indulged with a Copy of any of them: He hopes, it may not milbecome him, on this Occasion, to observe to your Lordships, That the House of Commons, by being possessed of those Papers, have a fuller View of the whole Progreft, and of all the secret Steps, of that Negotiation, than perhaps was ever, in the like Cafe, imparted to any House of Parliament: And they have therefore all the Advantage possible towards forming the Charge against him, upon the Articles of his Impeachment; whereas lie the said Earl, being destitute of all Assistance from those Papers, is under great and particular Disadvantages towards making his Defence in the Points whereof lie there stands accused: And he is therefore humbly allured, that as your Lordships, on the one Side, will not expect from him any such Proofs of his Innocence, as can only be drawn from a Perusal of those Papers; so, on the other, you will not admit of all or any of those Articles, as made good against him, unlefe the Accufotions therein contained be sup|>orted by the clearest and most unquestionable Evidence of which the Nature of the Facts is capable: He submits it likewise to your Lordships Consideration, whether, in a Negotiation drawn out into a great Length, where the Advice of all those in high Trust about her Majesty was to be taken, and where several Persons were to be entrusted with the Management of what was agreed upon, he can, with any Colour of Equity, be made answerable for advising and conducting the Whole: He de-fires also farther to observe, That every tiling, with which he is charged, was done in the Reign of a gracious Prin-

eels,

iSrfihr* wi

2 Geo. I. i2° Se/)temlris. 3

Princess, now deceased; who, by reason of the perfect said Earl conceives, of her Wisdom and Goodness, to F,ari of Knowledge Ihe had of the ill State of Affairs at home; of think of securing a Peace while the appeared able to carry Oxford’s In» the Advances made towards Peace from abroad; and of on the War, her Armies being full and numerous; and pcschroene the Commands which the had several times laid on her before the exhausted Condition of her Kingdoms, and the Servants; had been the bed, and, indeed, could be the Impossibility, on her Side, of maintaining to dispropor- . only competent, Judge, whether (lie was fraudulently dealt tioned an Expence, wasdifcovered by her Enemies: At this with; led, by ill Advice, into MealWes which the did not Junfiture, the Queen entered upon a Negotiation of Peace, direct and approve; or made any Instrument of sacrifice- with Circumstances of great Honour to herself; France ing the Interests of her Kingdoms to the Enemy: It is applying to her firl’t on this Account, previously owning with great Grief that he finds such Things liiggefted, as her Title, and acknowledging the Right of the Protestant deems to lay a Stain upon the Character of lb excellent a Succession; Two chief Grounds upon which the Decla-Queen, whole Memory, he is confident, will be for ever ration of the last War was built. As to the Allies, it was dear to this Country: And therefore he take.4 Leave, in conducted in the same manner as all Treaties of Peace in the most solemn manner, to assure your Lordship?, That, Confederacies have ever been, and according to the known as far as he knows, or can remember, every tiling re- Laws of Nations in such Cases; the Eirft Motion, and lating to the Transactions of Peace was communicated the several Steps, of it, as salt as they ripened into Proto her late Majesty, and maturely considered by her, be- polals fit for Consideration, being, without Delay, com-fore any Thing was determined thereupon; nor was any municated to the States General: By the Terms of this Step taken, but in pursuance of such Determination. As Peace, as all reasonable Satisfaction, and Security, due to to the Peace in general, he the said Earl thinks he has very any of the Allies by Treaty, were obtained for them by the good Reason to say, That the Queen had nothing more Queen, and their just Pretensions effectually supported; at heart than to procure so great a Blessing for her People; so larger Advantages were actually procured for Great and that, when it was obtained, the had this Satisfaction Britain, in particular, than ever had been demanded be-in herself, That the had taken the most proper Measures fore in any Treaty or Negotiation between this and any to justify her Conduct, both towards her Allies, and to- other foreign State. The laid Earl craves Leave, on this wards her own Subjects; for, upon a Review of her Ma- Occasion, to appeal to your Lordships, whether all the jetty’s whole Proceeding in relation to War and Peace, Ends, for which the War was entered into have not, by he believes it will appear, and hath in Part appeared by tins Treaty, been fully attained; whether it does not ap-the Answer of the said Earl to the said Articles, That, as pear by the best. . Proofs, Experience, That the King-her Majesty entered further into the War than she was domsof France and arc, by the Conventions of this obliged by any Treaties subsisting at the time of her Ac- Treaty, most effectually separated; and whether any other, cellion to the Throne; so she contributed more Men and Expedient could have been so luecelsful to this Purpose,

Money towards the carrying it on afterwards than she as that whereby it is now happily brought about; whe-was engaged to provide by any subsequent Treaties: That ther the Balance of Power in Europe be not now upon a herearnest Deiires of Peace being twice frustrated, when better Foot than it has been for an Hundred Years past; such Conditions might have been obtained as would have whether the Ad van tages-that have accrued to Great Britain fully answered all the Ends for which War was at first dc- by this Treaty, do not appear, and have not appeared, in dared; that all our Successes and Victories ending in the Security of the Protestant Succession, and in his Ma-. the annual increase of the Charge of England, without any jesty’s peaceable Accession to the Throne, with the uni-further Assistance from our Allies; and her Kingdoms being versal Applause of his Subjects; in the Additions made exhausted to such a Degree, notwithstanding the great to our Wealth, by the great Quantities of Bullion lately Advantages obtained by her Arms, that flie was not able coined at the Mint; by the vast Increase of Shipping to continue the War, upon the Foot it then flood, one Year employed since the Peace in the Fishery, and in Mer-longer, whilst her Allies refused to continue it upon those chandize; and by the remarkable Rife of the Customs, equal Conditions to which they were by Treaties obliged; upon Import; and of our Manufacture, and the Growth,

Ihe was at last constrained, in Compassion to her People, of our Country, upon Export: For the Proof of which to hearken to the Overtures of Peace then made her from Particulars, he refers himself to those Offices and Books France, without relying farther on tire vain Hopes of gain- wherein an authentick Account of them is contained, ing more advantageous Terms, by protraCling the War a And as the Terms of the Peace were, in these and other Year longer: She had carried it on, for feme time, under rel'pects, manil'eftly profitable to Great Britain; so the that Prolpect, without reaping the Benefits proposed, even said Earl begs Leave humbly to remind your Lordships, at Junctures that seemed most favourable to her De- That they were communicated to the Parliament, and, niands, and to the Pretensions of her Allies: She had in- with their Concurrence, agreed on: That the Peace, thus deed, by that means, raised the Glory of her Arms; but concluded, was afterwards highly approved by both the could not think this a sufficient Recompence for the IJoufes: That solemn Thanks were rendered to God for increasing Miseries of her People; and therefore resolved it in all our Churches, as well as in the Churches of the to lay hold of the Opportunity then offered to her, of United Provinces; and that her Majesty received, on this ending the War by a Peace, if it might be obtained upon Subject, the hearty and unfeigned Congratulations of her Terms every* way just, safe, and honourable; and those People from all Parts of her Dominions, who were then employed in her Majesty’s Councils, These being the real Efl'eCis, and this a true. Reprethought themselves obliged to second her good Intentions fentation of her Majesty s Conduct in the Affairs both of in this Cafe, and to ol>ey her Commands with all Reaai- War and Peace, the said Earl fees not how he, or any ness: The said Earl presumes, on this Occasion, to men- others then in her Majesty’s Service, can be justly charged tion to your Lordships the Saying of as wife a Man, with betraying the luterefts of their own Country, and as great a General, as the last Age produced, the and of the Allies, by negotiating, and promoting, that Duke of Parma; when France was in a far lower Con- Peace, which then was, and, as he has good Grounds to dition than now, being almost equally divided between Tw o believe, ltill continues to be, very acceptable and advan-contending Parties, and Spain was at the Height of its tageous to these Kingdoms: And of the Peace itself be Glory, and he himself at the Head of a Spanish Army, not condemned, and it be not even charged upon the said fopporting One of those Parties; after Paris itt'eif had Earl as a Crime, that he advised her Majesty to conclude been besieged by the other; it was his Opinion (and the that Peace (neither of which appear to him from the said Advice he gave to his Majesty the King of Spain was Articles), he humbly conceives, it is a particular and ex- grounded upon it), That, if France w ere to be got only traordinary Hardship upon him, that rough Draughts and by reducing its Towns, the World w ould be sooner at an Essays towards a Peace, with other preliminary Steps in a End than such a War: The Queen seemed, at this time, Negotiation, all leading to an End which he looks upon with better Reason, to frame the like Judgment: And it to be just and profitable, and which is not, in any of the was therefore her Pleasure, and a great instance, as the Articles, alleged tobeotherwile, should be brought into so Voi. 18. 4 N many

'322 ii° Septembris. A. 1715.

Ewl of many distinct Heads of Accusation against him: For sup- any Part of those vast Sutn3 (he had already expended in Im* posing, that in the Process of so nice and difficult an Af- Support of his Pretensions, whilst lie faded of supplying

peac f^ir, subject to divers unforeseen Obstrufitions and Events, his Quota alniofl in every Part of the War, notwith-

any improper Steps had been taken; which the said Earl standingjhis new and great Acquisitions: But whether the doth not admit, but altogether on his Part denies; yet, if Emperor, or any other of the Allies, had any just Ground Things were at last conducted to a right Issue, and ended of Complaint, or not, (till the said Earl presumes to insist, in an honourable and advantageous Peace, there can be, That it ought to have been signified to the Queen; who, as he conceives, no just Ground to find fault with the upon such Complaint, had (he found any of her Servants Measuresmade use of to compass it, because they seemed, justly blameable, as disobeying her Orders, or misleading before the Accomplishment, to have a different Tendency; her, by their Advice, into unjustifiable and dishonour-especially if it be considered, that scarce any Peace hath able Measures, might have putiifiied them forthwith, as been made by a Confederacy where less Occasion was their Offences deserved: But, nothing of this kind having administred for Jealouly among the several Parties, and been done, he humbly leaves it to be considered by your less Reason given to complain, that every Nicety, re- Lordships, whether the Silence of the Powers concerned quired by the Letter of such an Alliance, was not doth not carry in it a strong Preemption, either that strictly observed: And therefore he humbly hopes, that they had no real and just Ground of Complaint, in rcla-no Steps taken for obtaining a Peace, approved by the tion to the Terms of the Peace itself, or, at least, did not Wisdom of former Parliaments, shall, by any succeeding look upon the Ministers of the Queen as any-ways liable Parliament, be accounted criminal, unless it can be made to blame on that Account: And therefore he tmift again appear, that those Steps were taken contrary to the beg Leave to expref3 to your Lordships his Concern, Queen’s Orders, or upon corrupt Views of private Act- that he should be charged, as a Criminal, by the Laws of vantage: But that no Charge of this Nature can be made tins Land, for supposed Breaches of Treaties with foreign good against him, he presumes to affirm with great Af- States, which never were complained of, as such, by the furance; nor does he know of any other Persons justly States themselves, during the Life of her Majesty. He chargeable upon either of these Accounts. And, as a fer- desires farther toobserve, to your Lordships, That where-ther Proof, that those who had the Honour to serve her ever he is charged with carrying on a private and separate Majesty in the Negotiations of Peace a€led with upright Negotiation, it is all along understood with regard only Views and Intentions, and without being conscious to to the States of the United Provinces; no step that was themselves of any Failure in their Duty, cither to their communicated to them, being censured upon this Ac-Queen, or their Country, the Paid Earl craves Leave to count: Whereas all the other Allies had, by virtue of observe to your Lordships, That they never attempted to their Treaties with die Queen, a like Right to a Com-, cover their Actions from publick Censure, by any Pardon munication of Councils; and her Majesty was under no

or Indemnity, though they had very good Reason to be- Stipulations to act more in Concert with any one than with lieve, that, had they judged or imagined themselves to all of them: He does, indeed, allow it to have been most have wanted such Security, it might, through the Good- agreeable to Reason, and to the Interests of State, that the nels of the Queen, have easily been obtained: Nor cau Queen should act in a elofer Conjunction with Holland he think it an Observation unfit to be made, That, in few than with any other of her Allies; because that, next to of the Articles which concern the Negotiations of Peace, Great Britain, Holland bore the greatest Share in the the Charge is founded on any Breach of the Laws of Great Charge of the War: But then he hopes it will be allowed Britain; but it is, in most of them, built cliieHy on the also, drat the States, being more interested in the Succeis Lupposed Infraction of certain Treaties and Alliances with of the War than England and that having sub-

foreign Princes, or States: And he conceives, that such mitted to a greater Share of the Burthen, in order topro-Infractions of publick Treaties, where they do not parti- cure not only a fitting Security for the States, but such as Cularly affcCl the Interests of Great Britain, being cog- brought great Advantages to them, though no Benefit to nizable by the Laws of Nations only, and not by diofe of England; it was very reasonable for the Queen to take die Realm, are not wont to be examined into here at care of the Interest of her own Kingdom some other home, and prosecuted as criminal, but upon the Com- Way: And, since the Advantages Ihe demanded from the plaint of some Prince, or State, pretending, by that Enemy were such as (he might obtain without any Premeans, to be injured; and lodging such Complaint, in judice to the States, it was as lawful for her to negotiate some reasonable time, with the Prince, by the Advice of this Matter, without communicating it originally, and in -whole Ministers and Servants such Injury is supposed to the First Rife of it, to them, as it was for her and the have been done: But he knows not, that any such Steps States to concert their mutual Interests together, without have been taken since the Peace, by any of the Powers the immediate and express Participation of the other Al-concerned; on the contrary, he believes, that all the Al- lies; which, being known to be done without a Design to lies, except the Emperor, and Empire, made their Peace defeat any of the main Ends of the Alliance, was never with the Enemy at the same time the Queen did; and complained of by any of the Confederates: And as for that none of them did afterwards complain to her Majesty, the Matters concerted previously with France for the par-who survived the said Peace a Year, and almost Four ticular Interest of without the original Interven-

Months, of any Hardships imposed upon them in it: tion of Holland, the States were; so far from protesting

That thb Princes of the Empire, who contributed very against her Majesty’s Measures, and condemning her Con-little to the War, might have concluded their Peace, upon duct in this respect, that their Minister proffered, several reasonable Terms, at the same time the other Allies did j times, in their Name, to have led the Way, in the most and would probably have done it, if the Emperor, on his difficult Part of the whole Negotiation; and to have done Part, had been willing to sign together with them; his utmost to facilitate the Conclusion of it; provided his which, he is informedj at the Conclusion of any general Mailers might have a Share in the Assiento Contract, and Peace, has been seldom done; and, particularly, at the Trade to the Spanish West Indies; one of those Advan-several Conclusions of the Peace of Munster, that of tages which France had discovered its Willingness should Nimeguen, and that of Ryfuick, was not practised: And be allowed previously, and intirely, to England. he submits it to your Lordships Consideration, whether Thele lew general Observations the said Earl has the Emperor, having had all reasonable and equitable thought fit to add in the Close of his Answer to the feve-Satisfaction made him for his Pretensions to the Succession ral Articles of his Impeachment, not only in his own ne-of the Spanish Monarchy, according to the Terms of the cessary Vindication, but also in Defence of her late Maje* Grand Alliance, could have any just Reason to complain fly’s Conduct in the negotiating and concluding a Peace, of the Queen’s Ministers, or those of her Allies, for con- the Perfecting of which (heefteemed as the greatest Hap-eluding a Peace without insisting, on his Account, upon- piness of her Reign. Upon Review of the Two-and-impossible Conditions; especially, when no Provision was twenty Articles with which he is charged; as he is not con-made, or offered to be made, to reimburse her Majesty feious of any Offence committed by him with respect to

any

Geo. I. ii° — 13°- — 10° , 323

afiy'one of them; so it fs with a particular Concern and Surprize, that he reflects on thofeTw’o, wherein he is accused of High Treason, for endeavouring to procure Tour-my to Frame, and so deprive the States of that intended Part of their Barrier; and for procuring Spain, and the West Indies, to the Duke of Anjou, upon his Renunciation, of the Crown of France: Referring himself tb what he has find in his Answer to both these Articles, he here further allures your Lordships, and drinks it is liifficiently known both at Home and Abroad, that his Opinion and Endeavour as Occasion offered, always were for Tournay's remaining, as it now does, to the States General: And, as to the latter, he doubts not, but that what has-lately happened in France, is a convincing Proof to your Lordships, and to all the World, that the Renunciation was the belt Expedient that could have been proposed towards hindering the Two Kingdoms from being united under one and the same Monarch; that that Branch of the Treaty which relates to this Expedient has fully answered its End, and made good the Character given of it by the Queen, That it would execute itself; and, therefore, that whoever ad-viled this Method of separating the Two Crowns, was lb far from being guilty of any traiterous Design, that he eminently promoted the Welfare of Great , and the Good of Christendom. The laid Earl, with all the Assurances of an innocent Man, begs Leave to repeat, That, as well in this as in all other Affairs of State in which he had the Honour to be employed by her late Majesty, lie ever acted according to the best of his Skill and Judgment, with sincere Desires and Intentions to serve the Publick, and without any View to his own private Advantage: As he w-as in several great Stations under her Majesty," he came into all of them, by her own special Command, without his seeking or defiling them; and he served her, in all, with the utmost Respect, Zeal, and Faithfulness: And, while he continued in these Stations for many Years, it w-as with great Wonder and Pleasure, that he observed how her Majesty’s whole Thoughts, Endeavours, and Time, were divided between her Duty to God, and her Love to her People; whose Good and Security Ihe preferred always to her own Ease; and often hazarded her Health, and Life itself, to procure it: He knew, that the most effectual Way for any one to recommend himself to her good Opinion, was, to a upon the same Principles of Justice, and Love to his Country, that fhc did: And as (he abhorred the Thoughts of any thing burthensome or injurious to her People; so Ihe often expressed herself with the greatest Satisfaction and Delight, when (lie reflected on the Advantages obtained by her for her own Subjects, and the Quiet and Repose Ihe had gained for Europe, by that just and honourable Peace: For which, as the present Age does, so Generations to come will, bids the Memory of that excellent and renowned Queen.

Ordered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the impeached Lords.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare a Replication to the said Answer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 13* Septembris;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

LorJ Rosse's T R. Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. lxX the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to make a Jointure on A/arj/ViscountelsRoffe his Wife; and a Settlement on his IlVue Male, with Provision for younger Chil-dreT); and for other Purpose3 therein mentioned; wa3 committed; That they had examined the Allegations of Vo l. 18.

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Speaker taking Notice, That it was not reported. That the Committee had examined, w hether publick Notice had been given in Ireland, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House:

And the House being informed, That there were Two Persons at the Door, who can prove, that the Order was observed;

They were called in; and examined in relation there!* unto; and gave the House Satisfaction therein.

And then they withdrew.

Then the said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as fellows;

Pr. 2. L. 32. To leave out " his Grace James Duke of y Ormond

In the Title, L. 3. To leave out " make," and insert " settle

L. 4. After " and, " to insert " make."

Then the Bill was read the Third tiipe.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaiut them, That this House bath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Moruing, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Septembris;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AMESSAG E from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and

Mr. II0 If ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Rosse, of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to make a Jointure on Mary Viscountess Rosse iris Wife; and a Settlement on his Ifl’ue Male, with Provision for younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between burn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, without Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; without Amendment. Allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and ltate, the Debts due to the Army, without Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the capital Stock, and yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby Eight hundred twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds Four

Shillings and Eight Pence to publick Uses; and fer railing One hundred sixty nine thousand Pounds, for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk

Lord Rosse’s Estate.

Uxbridge

Road.

Public Debts of Scotland.

Commifikm* era for Armr Debts,

Enlarging South Sta Stock.

Worcester

Writ.

314 i6e — 19* — 20° Septembris. 1715.

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, in the room of Thomas Esquire; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Kevenue in Ireland.

Earl of Mr. JFi aipolc, reported from the Committee appointed

Oxford*.bn- to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evi-paacbment. (jence> against the impeached Lords, That they had, according to Order, drawn up a Replication to the Answer of the Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as folio weth; viz.

The Commons Replication to the Answer of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

THE Commons have considered the Answerof Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled; and do, with Astonishment, observe, That the said Earl, indead of giving a reasonable and pertinent Answer to the just and heavy Charge brought against him by the Commons of Great Britain, has presumed not only to deny his advising, and being concerned in, any Matters of State, in the Articles charged against him, though confessed to be done under an Administration wherein he was notoriously the First Minister, and chief Director; but has allb joined therewith a false and malicious Libel, laying upon his Royal Mistress the Blame of every thing, which, by imposing upon her, he had effected against her Honour, and tire Good of his Country; thereby attempting to reflect upon the Honour and Justice of the House of Commons, and to call an Odium upon their Proceedings against him, as tending to asperse the Memory of the late Queen.

But the Commons are of Opinion, That, if it were pof-lible to add to the heavy Load of Guilt, in which the Treasons, and other most flagitious Crimes, committed by the said Earl, have already involved him, this base and ungrateful Attempt, to impute them to his Royal Mistress, must bring such a new Weight of Infamy upon him, and l'o justly provoke the Indignation of the Commons, that they might think themselves obliged to demand your Lordships immediate Justice for this unwarranted Attempt upon the Honour of the late Queen, and the Proceedings of Parliament:

But the Commons being sensible, That the Treasons, and other Crimes, whereof the said Earl (lands impeached, and the Necessity of bringing him to speedy and exemplary Justice, require, that all Occasions of Delay should be avoided; and not doubting that your Lordships will, in due time, vindicate the Honour of the late Queen, and the Commons of Great Britain, and the Justice of their Proceedings; the Commons do aver their Charge against the said Earl of Earl

for High Treason, and other High Crimes and Mifde-meanors, to be true; and that the said Earl is guilty of all and singular the Articles and Charges therein respectively contained, in such manner as lie ltands impeached; jand that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charge against him at such convenient Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Replication be ingrossed.

Kent Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of Kent, in the room of the honourable Mildmay Fane Esquire, deceased.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, YaleVacanw An Act for shortening the time of the Yule Vacanoe, in ln Scod*®11* that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follows; viz.

In the Bill, L. 12. Leave out " the Length of

L. 21. Leave out from "that," to the End of the Bill, and insert " the aforesaid Act, passed in the " 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, shall be,

" and is hereby, repealed, and made void

In the Title of the Bill, L. ill, Leave out from " for" to the End of the Title, and inlert " repealing an " Act, intituled, An Act for repealing part of an Act,

" passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act " for discharging-the Yule Vacaucc."

Ordered, That Mr. Smith of Glafg do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this lioule hath agreed to the said Amendments!

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I m — — 1 — 1

Lunts, 190 die Septembris;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE ingrossed Replication to the Answer of Robert Earl of Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him was read.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the said Replication to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart'tSy 200 die Septembris;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE Lord Coningsby reported, That he had, accord- Ear! of

ing to Order, at the Bar of the House of Lords, Oxford's Ira. delivered to their Lordships the Replication of the Corn- PKachrneot-mons to the Answer of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the Commons against the said Earl.

Mr. Walpole reported, from the Committee appointed Mr. Prior'* to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and to prepare Evi- Confinament. deuce, against the impeached Lords, to whom it was referred to lay before the House so much as they should think proper of the Evidence of Mr. Prior j and also the State and Circumstances of his Confinement; the Report which they had directed him to make to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

THAT in the Perusal and Examination of the several Books and Papers referred to the Committee of Secrecy,

Mr. Prior appeared, through the whole Progress of the separate and pernicious Negotiations carried on between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, to have been principally concerned, as an Agent and Instrument of those evil and traiterous Counsellors, feme of which are already attainted, and others stand impeached, of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Mifdeineanors: And the Committee conceiving the re were Matters contained in the First general Report, from which Crimes of a very high Nature might be justly charged and imputed to the said Mr. Prior, whenever the House should think proper to enter into that Consideration; as likewise, that Mr.

Prior was able to give great Lights into all those dark and secret Transactions, when he should be called upon by the Great Council of the Nation, or any Committee appointed'

bT

a Geo. I. ao° — i°

by them, to give an Account of the Negotiations in which he was concerned as a publick Minister; the House, upon a Motion from the Committee for that Purpose, was

? leased to order, before the Report was made, That Mr.

*rior should be taken into Custody, of the Serjeant at Arms, to prevent his making his Escape upon Notice of what was contained in the Report:

That this Method of confining Mr. Prior is not only agreeable to former Precedents upon the like Occasions, but necessary, and essential to that great Duty and Privilege of the House of Commons, of redressing Grievances, and bringing great Offenders to Justice:

That the Committee did, some time after, pursuant to the Powers given them by the House, proceed to examine Mr. Prior concerning several Matters, of which there can be no Doubt but he was fully apprised, and acquainted with; in which Examination, Mr. Prior did behave himself with such Contempt of the Authority of Parliament, and prevaricate in so gross a manner, as most justly todeierve the highest Displeasure of the House:

But, finding at last, after an Examination of several Hours, that it was impossible for him to disguise, or conceal, some Fasts that were before the Committee, he was induced to declare, upon Oath, feme Truths which will be very material Evidence upon the Tryals of the impeached Ix>rds:

And the Committee, having Notice, That Mr. Prior had, during his First Confinement, met and conferred with, the Earl of Oxford, and his nearest Relations and Dependents, which Air. Prior confessed to be true, thought it their Duty to move the House, That Mr. Prior might be committed to closer Custody.

From this short State of the Proceedings relating to Mr. Prior, the Committee submits it to the Wisdom of the House, whether his Behaviour has so far merited the Favour and Mercy of the House, as to make that Confinement more easy to him, which his Contempt of the Commons of Great Britain, and his notorious Prevarication, most justly brought him into: And it seems worthy of Consideration, how far it may be thought adviseable for the House of Commons to let at Liberty a Person in their Custody, anti committed, according to the ancient Methods and Practice of Parliament, who is a material Evidence against high Offenders, under Prosecution of the Commons of Great Britain; and who, there is great Reason to apprehend, would immediately withdraw him-feIf, and, as far as in him lay, defeat the Justice of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and to prepare Evidence, against the impeached Lords, be impowered to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2i# die Septembris',

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Message from \/TR- Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That the King — XVA he was commanded by the King to communicate Apprehen- to this House, That his Majesty, having just Cause to Members. #ufpe6f, that Sir William Wyndham, Sir John Packington,

Mr. Edward Harvey senior, of Combe, Mr. Thomas Forster junior, Mr. John and Mr. Corbet Kynaston,

are engaged in a Design to support the intended Invasion of this Kingdom, hath given Order for apprehending the m; And his Majesty desires the Consent of this House, to his causing them to be committed, and detained, if he shall judge it necessary so to do, in pursuance of the late Act of Parliament for impowering his Majesty to commit, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Vol. 18.

Septembris. 325

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for his gracious Message this Day; and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House; and to desire, That he will be pleased to give Orders for the committing, and detaining, the several Members named in the said Message, pursuant to the Act, of this Session of Parliament, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr-Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Scaffold for House, That their Lordships having addressed his Majesty, humbly to desire, That he would be pleased to cause of x 0 Directions to be given to the proper Officers, for preparing a Scaffold in Westminster-hall, for the Tryal of Ro-

bert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, who now Hands impeached, by this House, of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors; his Majesty had been graciously pleased to say, He would give Directions to the proper Officers, pursuant to the said Address.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report made Yesterday, from the Mr. Prior’* Committee appointed todraw up Articles of Impeachment, Con<inment‘ and to prepare Evidence against the impeached lords, relating to the Confinement of Mr. Prior, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printer thereof: And that no other Person presume to print the fame.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Royid Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness, in case Ihe shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of J Tales:

An Act for enlarging the capital Stock, and yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby Eight hundred Twenty-two thousand Thirty-two Pounds four Shillings and Eight-pence, to publick Uses; and for railing One hundred nxty-nine thousand Pounds, for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty:

An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the '

Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of St.Mary Woolnoth, in the said City of London:

An Act to prevent Dillurbances by Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; add for preventing Cheats, Frauds,^and Abuses, in paying Seamen’s Wages; and for reviving, and continuing, an Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy:

An A6l for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army;

An Act for taking and (bating the Debts due, and grow- . ing due, to Scotland, by Way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent:

4 O An

3%6 ai° Septembris.

Royal Assent An Act for tofitiinuing several Laws, therein mention-to Bills, bd, rftatirtg W> Coals, Hemp, and Flax, Irish and Scotch Lined, and the Affine of Bread; and for giving Power to adjonfn the Quarter Sessions for the County of fey, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for discharging the Yule Vacance:

An Act for allowing a Time for Two hundred and Thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, no\v settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act, passed in the Seventh Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for naturaliz-v ing foreign Protestants:

An Act to tnake the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the county of:

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge,' in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to enable Rickard Lord Viscount RoJJe, of the Kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his Nonage, to settle a Jointure on Mdry Viscountess Rosse his Wife, and make a Settlement on his Issue Male, with Provision for younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colemore, William Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to Customs of Goods burnt or deftfoyed by the late Fire in Thames-street, London:

An Act to enable Sir Hungerford Uojkyns Baronet to raise Monies to discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions; and to settle a Jointure on a Wife:

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Manor of Low Laiton, in the County of Essex, and other Lands there; and for laying out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Part of the Manor of Low Laiton is settled:

An Act to enable Robert Cope Esquire to settle an additional Jointure, out of his Estate, on Elizabeth his now Wife; and also to raise Portions and Maintenances for his Daughters and younger Children by her; and to enable those in Remainder to do the same:

An Act to naturalize Frederica Countess of Holderness, Peter Gravier, Theodore Boucher, and Francis Masson: An Act to naturalize Robert de Ulieger, George Christian Luders, and others.

The King’s After which his Majesty was graciously pleased to Speech declare from the Throne, 'That he had ordered the Lord Chancellor to deliver his Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament, in his Majesty’s Name and Words: And that the Lord Chancellor did accordingly read a Speech, delivered into his Hands by his Majesty, from the Throne: And that, to prevent any Mistakes, Mr. Speaker feid, He had procured a Copy thereof} which he read to the House; and is as followeth j viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am persuaded, you are all, by this time, very desirous of feme Recess: and that it cannot be deferred longer without great Inconvenience to your private Affairs.

But, before I can part with you, I must return you my most sincere Thanks for your having finiftted with so much Wisdom and Unanimity, what I recommended to your Care: And particularly I must thank you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, for the rrovision you have made, as well for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as for the other necessary Occasions of the Publick; especially for your having done it by means so little burthensome to my People; which, I

A. 1715.

assure you, recommends the Supplies to me above any other Circumstance whatsoever.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The open and declared Rebellion, which is now actually begun in Scotland, must convince all, who do not wish to fee us given up into the Hands of a Popish Pretender, of the Dangers to which we have been, and are still exposed. I thought it incumbent upon me to give you the earliest Notice of the Designs of our Enemies; and I cannot sufficieDtly commend the Zeal and Dispatch with which you impowereid me, at a time when the Nation was in so naked and defenoeless a Condition, to make such Preparations as I should think necessary for our Security.

You shall have no Reason to repent of the Trust and Confidence you repose in me, which I shall never use to any other End, than for the Protection and Welfare of my People.

It was scarce to be imagined, that any of my Protestant Subjects, who have known and enjoyed the Benefits of our excellent Constitution, and have heard of the great Dangers they were wonderfully delivered from by the happy Resolution, should, by ahy Arts and Management, be drawn into Measures, that must at once destroy their Religion and Liberties, and subject them to Popery, and arbitrary Power; but such has been our Misfortune, that too many of my People have been deluded, and made instrumental to the Pretender’s Designs, who had never dared to think of invading us, or raising a Rebellion, had he not been encouraged by the Succeis his Emissaries and Adherents have already had in stirring up Riots and Tumults, and by the farther Hopes they entertain of railing Insurrections in many Parts of my Kingdoms.

The endeavouring to persuade my People, that the Church of England is in Danger under my Government, has been the main Artifice employed in carrying on this wicked and traiterous Defigu. This Insinuation, after the solemn Assurances I have given, and my having laid held on all opportunities to do every thing that may tend to the Advantage of the Church of England, is both unjust: and ungrateful; nor can I believe so groundless and malicious a Calumny cau make any Impression upon the Minds of my faithful Subjects; or that they can be so far misled as to think, the Church of England is to be secured by setting a Popish Pretender on the Throne.

Mv Lords and Gentlemen,

The Proofs this Parliament has given of their unshaken Duty and Affection to me, and of their Love and Zeal for the Interest of their Country, will recommend you to the good Opinion and Esteem of all, who have their Religion and Liberty truly at Heart, and has laid a lasting Obligation upon me; and I question not, but by your farther Assistance in the several Countries to which you are going, with the Blessing of Almighty God, who hath so frequently interposed in favour of this Nation, I shall be able to disappoint and defeat the Designs of our Enemies.

Our meeting again to do Business early in the next Winter, will be useful on many Accounts; particularly, that the Sitting of Parliaments may be again brought into that Season of the Year which is most convenient; and that as little Delay may be given as is poffvblc to your judicial Proceedings: And I shall, at present, give such Orders to my Lora Chancellor, as may not put it long out of my Power to meet you on any sudden Occasion.

And that afterwards the Lord Chancellor signified his Adjournment- Majesty’s Pleasure, that both Houses should severally adjourn until Thursday the Sixth' Day of October next.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Thursday the

Sixth Day of October next, Nine of the Clock.

2 Geo. I.

6° — 20° OBobris.

337

' Jevis, 6* die OSiobris;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Mr.Speak- ORDERED, Nentine That Mr.

el's Speech \J Speaker’s Speech, upon his prefen ting the Money Bills

Mon^* Bill^ 40 his Majesty, which passed the Royal Assent on the Twenty-first of September last, be entered upon the Journals of this House: And the same is as follows;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YOUR Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjefits the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, have now finished the Supplies granted to your Majesty for the Service of this present Year. Your Commons had much sooner offered these Supplies to your Majesty, had not their Zeal for your Majesty’s Service, and the Duty they owe to their Country, led them into Inquiries which have drawn this Session to an unusual Length.

But your Commons could not fee, without the utmost Indignation, the Glories of her late Majesty’s Reign tarnished by a treacherous Cessation of Arms; the Faith of Treaties violated; that ancient Probity, for which the English Nation had been justly renowned throughout all Ages, exposed to Scorn and Contempt; and the Trade of the Kingdom given up, by insidious and precarious Treaties of Commerce; whilst the People, amused with new Worlds explored, were contented to lee the most advantageous Branches of their Commerce in Europe loft or betrayed.

Such was the Condition of this Kingdom, when it pleased the Divine Providence to call your Majesty to the Throne of your Ancestors; under whose auspicious Reign, your Commons, with Pleasure, behold the Glories of the Plantagenets, your Majesty’s Royal Ancestors, revive; and have an unbounded Piofpeft of the Continuance of this Happiness, even to the latelt Posterity in a Race of Princes lineally descended from your Majesty.

And that nothing might be wanting, on the Part of your Commons, to establish your Majesty’s Throne on solid and lasting Foundations, they have applied themselves, with unwearied Diligence, to vindicate the Honour of the tish Nation, and to restore a mutual Confidence between this Kingdom and its ancient and faithful Allies, by detecting the Authors of these pernicious Counsels, and the Actors in these treacherous Designs, in order to bring, them to Justice by the Judgment of their Peers, according to the Law of the Land, and the Usage of Parliament.

It was not to be expected, but that the Enemies to the Nation’s Peace would use their utmost Endeavours toob-ltruct your Commons in these Inquiries; but, despairing of any Succels in the Representative Body of the Kingdom, they fomented Tumults among the Dregs of the People at home, and spirited up the Pretender to an Invasion from abroad. This gave your faithful Commons fresh Opportunities oflhewing their Affection to your Majesty’s Person, and their Fidelity to your Government, by their unanimous Concurrence in granting such Supplies as were sufficient to disappoint the one; and by their passing such Laws as were necessary to suppress the other; and, in every respect, to express their Abhorrence of a Popish Pretender, concerning whom nothing remains unfufpeCfced, but his

BigOby to Superstition, and his hatred to our Holy Religion; few the Advancement of which, yoifr Majesty has expressed your pious Care, by recommending to your Commons the providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who are to officiate in the new Churches. This your Commons readily complied with, trusting, that the Prayers, there offered to the Almighty, will bring down a Bteffing on all your Majesty’s Undertakings; and not doubting, but that the Doctrines, there taught, will be a means to secure the Quiet of your Kingdoms, and the Obedience Of your People.

The Revenues, set apart for the Uses of the Civil Government, your Commons found so much entangled with Mortgages, and Anticipations, that what remained was far from being sufficient to support the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: This your Commons took into feri-ous Consideration; and, being truly sensible, that, on your Majesty’s Greatness, the Happiness of your Subjects entirely depends, they have put the Civil Revenues into the same State in which they were granted to your Majesty’s Glorious Predecessor King JVm. of immortal Memory; and thereby enabled your Majesty to make an ample Provision for the Prince of Wales, whose heroic Virtues are the bell; Security of your Majesty’s Throne, as his other personal Endowments are the Joy of all your faithful Subjects.

I should but ill discharge the Trust repoled in me by the Commons, did I not lay before your Majesty with what Cheerfulness they received your Majesty’s gracious Intentions for her Royal Highness the Princess; and with how much Readiness and Unanimity they enabled your Majesty to settle a Revenue suitable to the Dignity of a Princess, whose Piety, and steady Adherence to the Pro-tellant Religion, is the Glory of the present Age, and will be the Admiration of all future Generations.

May it please your Majesty,

The Bills, which the Commons have prepared to complete the Supplies for this Year’s Service, and for the other Purposes I have mentioned, are severally intituled;

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness, in case (he shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales:

An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock, and yearly Fund, of the South Sea Company; and for supplying thereby 822,032/. 45. fid. to publick Uses; and for railing 169,000l. for the like Uses, by Sale of Annuities, upon divers Encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty:

An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of St.Mary Wolnoth, in the said City of London:

Which they, with all Humility, now present to your Majesty, for your Royal Assent.

kfr. Secretary Stankope acquainted the House, That it Adjournment, was his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament Ikould be adjourned for a Fortnight: And therefore desires, That this House will adjourn itself until Thursday the Twentieth of 'OQoberinstant.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Thursday the Twentieth of October inltant.

Jovis,20° OBobris;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Mr. Wright f\RD ER E T), That the Reverend Mr. John Wright,

to preach on Residentiary Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of 5th *ov. Chichester, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 5th Day of No-

vember next, being appointed for a Day of Thank Igiving for the happy Deliverance of the First, and the

Vol. 18.

Three Estates of England, from the most traiterous and bloody intended Maftacre by Gunpowder; and also for the happy Arrival of his late Majesty King William for the Deliverance of this Church and Nation: And that Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Tho. Pelham, and Mr. Naylor, do

acquaint him therewith,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lynn Regi* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing Writ, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, in the

room

so

h

Rutland

Writ.

Wenloclc

Writ.

Mr. Wright thanked.

Winchester

Writ.

Suriy Writ.

Downton

Writ.

Biechingley

Privilege.

n° Novembris. A. 1715.

328 ao° OBobris. — 50 —

room of the Right honourable Robert Esquire;

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, and of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland, in the room of the Right honourable Daniel Finch Esquire, commonly called Lord Finch; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ilfuehis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room

of the honourable Thomas Newport Esquire; who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the PetenfitM Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing Wnt-a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Leonard Bilson, Esquire, deceased.

And the House adjourned accordingly until Saturday the Fifth Day of November next. Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That it Adjournment is his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament iliould be adjourned until Saturday Fortnight, the Fifth Day of November next: And therefore desires, That this House will adjourn itself until Saturday Fortnight, the Fifth Day of November next.

said City hath accepted the Office of One of the Tellers of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr.

Clerk of the Crown, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, in the room of Thomas Jones, Esquire, deceased.

Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Shrewflmry

Sabbati, 50 die Novembris;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

NO Prayers were read this Day, because the House came from St. Margaret's, Church.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Mr. John Wright, Residentiary Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Chichester, for the Sermon by him this Day preached before this House at Westminster: And that he be desired to print the lame: And that Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Naylor, and Mr.

feme, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City oi Winchester, in the room of the Right honourable

the Lord William Rowlett; who, since his Election for the

Mr. Secretary Sianhope acquainted the House, That it Adjournment, being his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament should be adjourned until Monday Fortnight, the One-and-twentieth Day of November instant, his Majesty desires, That this House will adjourn itself until Monday Fortnight, the Twenty-first of November instant.

And the House accordingly adjourned until Monday Fortnight, the Twenty-first of November instant.

Nine of the Clock.

Lun<e, 21° die Novembris;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pb AYERS.

f\RDE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elefiting a Knight of the Shire for the County of Surry, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Richard Onslow Baronet; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Tellers of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the

room of John Eyre, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Biechingley, in the County of Surrey, in room of Thomas Onslow Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Out Ranger of his Majesty’s Forest of

A Complaint being made to the House, That William Steoens, James Langley, and Edward Cooke, by James Harrison, their Attorney, have sued George Evans Esquire, (now Lord Carberry of the Kingdom of Ireland,) a Member of this House, at Common Law, and proceeded to

24

Tryal; and threaten to sign Judgment against him; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt-electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of William Farrer, Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master,

Keeper, and Governor of the Hospital, or Free Chapel, of St.Catherine, near the Tower of London.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back Paper re-to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office the Book, which was turned laid before this House, intituled, Anno Notio Regis Jacobi, ^J>roper a Book of Diet, fyc. for the Prince’s House. cer'

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That he Meflkgefrom was commanded by his Majesty to communicate to this the King — House, That his Majesty having received Information of J^opp^lle,1’ treasonable Practices carrying on by feme Members of this Members. House, has thought it for his Service, and necessary for the Preservation of the Peace of the Kingdom, to cause them to be secured: And that his Majesty has given Orders for apprehending them accordingly; Sir Coplc-stone Wirwicke Bampfylde, Sir William Carexc, and Sir John Bland;and desires the Consent of this House for

committing and detaining them in Custody.

Resolved,

2 Geo. I. 21 "Novembris. — 14* Decembris. — p° Januarii.

329

Resolved, Netnine contradicente, That anhumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Order for committing, and detaining, the several Members of this House, named in his Majesty’s gracious Message, pursuant to the Act of this Session of Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That it Adjournment, being his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament should be adjourned until Wednesday the Fourteenth of December next, his Majesty desires, That this House will adjourn itself until Wednesday the Fourteenth of December next

And the House, accordingly, adjourned until

day the Fourteenth of December next. Nine of the Clock.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION:

Requiring the Attendance of the Members of both Houses of Parliament.

GEORGE R.

Proclamation "ITTHEItEAS the Two Houses of our Parliament Parikment°f stand adjourned unto Wednesday the Fourteenth

Day of December next ensuing: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Four-

teenth Day of December next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Fourteenth Day of December next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Twenty-second Day of November 1715, and in the Second Year of our Reign.

GOD save the K1 nt o.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Decembris \

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

bers, in their respective Counties, to attend the Service of this House upon Tuesday the Tenth Day of January next. Which Letter is as follows; viz.

Meeting of Parliament.

Prayers.

THE House being met, according to their last Adjournment, and pursuant to his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for'that Purpose;

Carmarthen Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wnt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Carmarthen, in the Room of Richard Vaughan, of with, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Justices for the Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan.

Newark Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

upon Trent Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Elect-Writ. ing a gurgefs serve in this present Parliament for the

Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of the honourable Conyers Darcy Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted of being One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Mailer of the Horse.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be of Secrecy, added to the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Daniel Lord Finch be added to the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General be added to the Committee of Secrecy.

From the House of Commons, 14th December 1715.

Sir,

I AM commanded by the House of Commons to require you, immediately, to summon the Representatives of your County, and of the Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday the Tenth Day of January next: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to.

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That Message from he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed lAe King — by his Majesty; which he delivered to Mr. Speaker; J0"r«uneu, who read the lame; and is as follows; viz.

GEORGER.

HIS Majesty understanding, that many, both of the House of Lords and Commons, are detained in the Country, as well by their private as the public Business; and the Holidays being so near, during which there is usually a Recess; it is his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament adjourn to Monday the Ninth Day of January next: At which time his Majesty intends the Parliament shall fit, to do Business.

Mr. Speaker Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters And then the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Members." to all Sheriffs of this Kingdom, to summon the Mem- the Ninth of January next, Nine of the Clock.

Message to attend the King.

The King’*

Speech

reported.

Luna, 90 die Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Olde?, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House fof Peers: And that the Lord Chancellor acquainted both Houses, That he bad received Yol. 18.

his Majesty’s Commands, to declare his Majesty’s Rea-fbns for causing both Houses to meet at this Time to do Business, as they were contained in a Speech delivered into his Hands by his Majesty from the Throne; which Speech the Lord Chancellor read to both Houses: And that, to prevent Mi (lakes, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which Mr. Speaker read to the House; and is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Zeal and Affection to my Government, and the vigilant Care for the Safety of the Nation, which you have shewn in your respective Counties, have not only fully answered my Expectations, but give me Affu-rances,. that you are met together, resolved to act with a Spirit becoming a Time of common Danger, and with such a Vigour as will end in the Confusion of all those who have openly engaged in this Rebellion, and in the

4 P Shame

33°

Jamta

A. 1715.,

Shame and Reproach of such as, by secret and malicious Jnfinuqtions, have fomented, or, by an avowed Indifference, encouraged, this traiteroua Enterprise.

It is, I doubt not, a great Satisfaction to you to have observed, that the Powers you entrusted me with, for the Preservation of the publick Safety, have been employed in the most proper and effectual Manner, and mada strictty subservient to those Purposes only, for which you intended them; and you mull have had the Pleasure to refled, with me, that, as the Measures taken for our Defence have been just and necessary, so it has pleased the Divine Providence to bless them with a Series of suitable Success: And I cannot but take this Opportunity of doing Justice to the Officers and Soldiers of the Army, whole brave and faithful Discharge of their Duty has disappointed our Enemies, and contributed so much to the Safety of the Nation.

I did hope, the detecting, and preventing, the designed Insurrections in foine Parts of the Kingdom, and the defeating in others, those who had taken up Arms against the would have put an End to this Rebellion: But it is plain, that our Enemies, animated by some secret Hopes of Assistance, are Hill endeavouring to support this def-perate Undertaking; and the Pretender, as I have Reason to believe, is now landed in Scotland.

It is, however, with Pleasure I can acquaint you, That notwithstanding these intestine Commotions, Great Britain has, in some Measure, recovered its Influence and Reputation abroad: The Treaty for settling the Barrier for the Netherlands is now fully concluded between the Emperor and the States General, under my Guaranty: The King of Spain has agreed to a Treaty, by which that vuluable Branch of our Commerce will be delivered from the new Impositions and Hardships, to which it was fub-jeded by the late Treaties; and will stand settled, for the future, on a Foot more advantageous and certain than it ever did in the most flourishing time of any of my Predecessors; and the Treaty for renewing all former Alliances between the Crown of Great Britain and the States General is brought very near to its Conclusion.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mull rely on your Affection to me, and your Care and Concern for the Safety of the Nation, to grant me such Supplies as may enable me to reftare, and to secure, the Peace of the Kingdom j and I will order Estimates of the necessary Expences to be laid before you.

Among the many unavoidable ill Consequences of this Rebellion, none afteds me more sensibly, than that extraordinary Burthen which it has and must create to- my faithful Subjects: To eale them, as far as lies in my Power, I take this first Opportunity of declaring, That I will freely give up all the Estates that flia.ll become forfeited to the Crown by this Rebellion, to be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expence incurred on . this Occasion.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is Matter of the greatest Uneasiness to me, That the First Years' of my Reign, the whole Course of which I wished to have transmitted to Posterity distinguished by the fair and endearing Marks of Peace and Clemency, should be clouded and overeaft with so unnatural a Rebellion; which, however impotent and unfuecefsful a due Care may render it in all other Respects, does most sensibly afflict me, by the Calamities it has brought on many of my faithful Subjects, and by those indispensable Returns of Severity, which their Sufferings, and the publick Safety do most justly call for. Under this Concern, my greatest Comfort is, that I cannot reproach myself with having given the least Provocation to that Spirit of Discontent and Calumny that has been let loose against me; or the least Pretence for kindling the Flame of this Rebellion.

Let those whose fatal Counsels laid the Foundation of all these Mischiefs, and those whose private Discontents and Di&ppointments, disguised under false Pretences, have betrayed great Numbers of deluded People into their own Destruction, answer for the Miseries in which they have

involved their Fellow Subjects. I question not, hut that, with the Continuance of God’s Blessing, who alone i&able to form Good out of Evil, and with the cheerful AflHfe ance of my Parliament, we shall, in a short time, fee this Rebellion end, not only in restoring the Tranquillity of my Government, but in procuring a firm and lasting E£> tablishment of that excellent Constitution in Church and State, which it was manifestly designed to fnbvert; and that this open and flagrant Attempt in favour of Popery will abolish all other Distinctions among us, but of such as are zealous Assertors of the Liberties of their Country, the present Establishment, and the Protestant Religion, and of such as are endeavouring to subject the Nation to the Revenge and Tyranny of a Popish Pretender.

Resolved, Nentine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Addrefe on dress be presented to his Majesty, to return him the Thanks lhe

of this House for his most gracious Speech from the apee Throne; and for his tender Regard and Concern fqr the Peace and Tranquillity of the Nation: To express our just Resentment and Indignation at this unnatural Rebellion; and to assure his Majesty, That this traiterous and desperate Attempt of the Pretender, to invade his Dominions, shall have no other Effect on the Minds of his faithful Commons, but to incite in them such a Spirit of Resolution and Unanimity as may confound, and extirpate for ever, all future Hopes of the Pretender, his open and secret Abettors: That, in order to this, the Commons will grant his Majesty such Supplies as may effectually enable him to put an End to this Rebellion, and to secure the Peace and Quiet of the Kingdom: To thank Ins Majesty for his great Grace and Goodness, in being willing to give up, in Ease of his People, all such Estates as shall be forfeited by this Rebellion; and for his great Care in settling and concluding such Alliances as were necessary for preserving the Peace of Europe; and, in particular, for obtaining so advantageous a Treaty of Commerce with Spain: And to declare, That this House, being fen-fible that the present Calamities are the necessary Consequences of the late Mal-administration, will not only exert themselves in bringing to speedy and exemplary Justice the open and declared Instruments of this Rebellion, but will also pursue, in the most vigorous Manner, the Authors of those evil Counsels, which have drawn down these Miseries upon their Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Edgcomb, Earl of Hertford, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Pulte Mr. Plumptree,

Lord Conhngsby, Mr. Aislaby, Lord Sir

Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Methwen, Mr.

Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Jof Jekyll, Mr. Lech Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Micklethwait, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Morris, Lord Finch, Mr. Molynetix, Mr. Camper,

Lord Stanhope, General Erie, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Lmcther,

Sir Jo. Rushout; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the (kid Committee.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, That Message to this House having Matters to communicate to them of great Consequence to the King, and the Kingdom, they mue 8‘ desire that their Lordships will continue fitting for some time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lechmere do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Mr. Lechmere reported. That he had delivered the said Message to the Lords: And that the Lords answered,

That they do agree to continue fitting some time, as is desired.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will Earl of Der-impeach James Earl of Derwent water of High Treason. wentwater Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will fmpe^ched, impeach William Lord Widdrington of High Treason.

Resolved,

GOOg

33»

# Geo. I. 90 yauxarii.

Rufskad, Nemttc. ca That this House will

impeach William Earl of Nithifdale a£ High Toaafon.

Refolded, NenuneconThat this House will

impeach George Earl of Winton of High Treason.

Nemine cantradicente, That this House will

impeach Robert Earl of of High Treason.

Refoked, Nemine can That this House will

impeaoh William Viscount Keamure of High Treason.

Refbhed, Nemine amt That this House will impeach William Lord Nairn of High Treason.

Earl of Ordered, That Mr. L do carry up an Inipeach-

Derwtnt- inept to the Lords against James Earl of j

parchment to EffeQ: fallowing i My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a great Peer of this House, James Earl of of Derwentwater, have commanded me to impeach the said James Earl of Derwentwater of High Treafen: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said James Earl of Derwentwater of High Treafen: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, with all convenient peed, exhibit Articles, to make good the Charge against him.

Lord Wid- Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry up an Impeach-drington's ment to the Lords against William Lord Widdrington, Jatut*^" *° following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having received Information of divers Treafens committed by a great Peer of this House, William Lord Widdrington, have commanded me to impeach the said William Lord Widdrington of High Treafen: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said William Lord Widdrington of High Treafen: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, that they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles, to make good the Charge against him.

Farl of Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry up an Im-

Nithifdale’* peachment to the Lords against Wm. Earl of to the Effect following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a Peer of this Realm, William Earl of Nithifdale, have commanded me to impeach the said William Earl of Nithifdale of High Treafen: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said William Earl of Nithifdale of High Treafen: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles to make good the Churge against him.

Earl of Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up an Impeach-

W in ton’s Im- ment to the Lords against George Earl of to the

peachmeot. £0^ following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament affetn-bled, having received Information of divers Treafens committed by a Peer of this Realm, George Earl of Winton, have commanded me to impeach the said George Earl of Winton of High Treafen: And 1 do, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach George Earl of Winton of High Treason; And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles, to make good the Charge against him.

Earl of Ordered, That the Lord Finch do carry up an Impeach-

Camwath's ment to the Lords against Robert Earl of , to

Impeach- the Effect following; viz. ment. ,r . 0 a ’

My Loads,

THE Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aftfetn-bfed, having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a Peer of this Realm, Robert Earl of Camwath, have commanded me to impeach the said Robert Earl of Camwath of High Treason: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said Robert Earl of Cam-wath of High Treason: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships,

That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit An* tides, to make good the Charge against him.

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford do carry up an Viscount^ Impeachment to the Lords against Wm. Viscount - ^enmu{‘e’* mure, to the Effect following; viz.

My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a Peer of this Realm, William Vifeouqt Kenmure, have commanded me to impeach the said William Viscount Kenmure of High Treason: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said William Viscount Kenmure of High Treason: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships,

That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles to make good the Charge against him.

Ordered, That Mr. Wortley do carry on Impeachment Lord Nairn'* to the Lords against William Lord Naim, to the Effect Impeach-following; viz. ment'

My Lords,

THE Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a Peer of this Realm, William Lord Naim, have commanded me to impeach the said William Lord Naim of High Treason: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said William Lord Naim of High Treason: And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles, to make good the Charge against him.

Resolved, Whereas the said Peers are already under Their com-Commitment, That therefore this House will not desire the Lords, That they may be committed to safe Custody, now1n cuf- as hath been usual in Cafes of like Nature. tody.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Mr. Lechmere reported, That he had, pursuant to the House ac-Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of that

Lords, impeached James Earl of Derwentwater of High ^nt^aa Treafen. exhibited.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to de- Message to fire, That their Lordships will continue fitting feme time longer.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Mr. Pulteney reported, That he had, pursuant to the House ao-Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of <|ua, ntc£ that Lords, impeached William Lord Widdrington of High ^ntswere Treason. exhibited.

Mr. Comptroller reported, That he bad, pursuant to the Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached William Earl of of High

Treason.

Mr. Hampden reported, That he had, pursuant to the Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House ‘ of Lords, impeached George Earl of Winton of High Treason.

The Lord Finch reported. That he had, pursuant to the Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached Robert Earl of Carmvath of High Treason.

The

Impeachment of Earl of Derwent-water, *c.

33*

The Earl of Hertford reported, That he had, pursuant to the Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached William Viscount Kenmure of High Treason.

Mr. Wortley reported, That he had, pursuant to the

Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached William Lord Naim of High Treason.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the said Seven Lords:

And it is referred to Mr. Lechmere, Lord Mr. PtUteney, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Lord Finch, the Earl of Hertford, General Earl, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Attorney General: And that they do withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber; and make their Report, with all convenient Speed.

Sir John Rushout reported, That he having been at the

Lords, to desire that they will continue fitting feme time longer, they have answered, That they do agree to continue fitting feme time longer.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the Seven Lords impeached, That they had drawn up Articles of Impeachment against the said Lords accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason against Jaynes Earl of Derwentzcater, Wm. Lord , Wm.

Earl of Nithifdale, George Earl of Robert

Earl of Car meat h, Wm.Viscount Kenmure, and Wm.

Lord Nairn.

WHEREAS, for many Years last, a most wicked Design and Contrivance has been formed and carried on, to subvert the ancient and established Government, and the good Laws, of these Kingdoms; to supprefe the true Protestant Religion therein established, and to extirpate and destroy its Profefi’ors; and, instead thereof, to introduce and settle Popery, and arbitrary Power; in which unnatural and horrid Conspiracy great Numbers of Persons of different Degrees and Qualities have concerned themselves, and acted, and have joined themselves with professed Papists; uniting their Endeavours to accomplish and execute the aforesaid wicked and traiterous Designs:

And whereas it pleased Almighty God, in his good Providence, and in his great Mercy and Goodness to these Nations, to crown the unwearied Endeavours of his late Majesty King William the Third, of ever-glorious Memory, by making him the Instrument to procure the Settlement of the Crown of these Realms in the illufirious House of Hanover, as the only Means, under God, to preserve our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, and to secure the Protestant interestofEurope-, since which happy Establishment, the said Conspirators have been indefatigable in their Endeavours to destroy the fame, and to make Way for the vain and groundless Hopes of a fpu-rious Impostor, and Popish Pretender to the Imperial Crown of these Realms:

And to accomplish these Ends, the most immoral, irreligious, and unchristian-like, Methods have been taken.; but more particularly in the last Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne-, during which time, all imaginable Endeavours were used, by the said Conspirators, to prejudice the Minds of the Subjects of this Realm against the Legality and Justice of the said Settlement of the Crown; ana, for that Purpose, the Iloly Scriptures were wrested, and the most wholforoe Doctrines of the Church of England perverted and abused, by Men in holy Orders, in the most publick and scandalous Manner, in order to condemn the Justice of the late happy Resolution; and thereby to fap and undermine the Foundation of the said happy Establishment; and the most notorious Instruments of these yricked Purposes were countenanced by particular Marks

23

A. 1715.

of publick Favour and Distinction; false and dangerous Notions of a foie hereditary Right to the Imperial Crown of these Realms were propagated, and encouraged, by Persons in the highest Trust and Employments, contrary to the ancient, undoubted, and estabUshed, Laws of these Kingdoms; Jesuitical and scandalous Distinctions were invented, and publickly inculcated, to enervate the Force and Obligation of those Oaths which have been contrived, in the plainest and strongest Terms, by the Wisdom of Parliament, for the Security of the said Establishment; and, to conceal their Designs, and thereby the better to enable them to carry on the fame, great Numbers of the said Conspirators of all Ranks and Conditions, pretending a Zeal for the Protestant Succession, openiy and voluntarily took the said Oaths; groundless Fears of the Danger of the Church of England were fomented throughout these Kingdoms, to disorder the Minds of the well-disposed Protestants:

By all which, and many other such-like, ungodly PraC tices of the said Conspirators, the most cuufelels and dangerous Jealousies and Difiatisfactions were created in the Minds of the good People of this Kingdom; and great Numbers of well-meaning, but deluded Protestants, were much disquieted; but, nevertheless, these dishonest Methods were pursued by the said Conspirators with indefatigable Industry, as the only Means to weaken the Foundations of the said happy Establishment:

And whereas the Difsolution of the late glorious Confederacy against France, and the Loss of the Balance of Power in Europe, were further Steps necessary to complete the Designs of the said Conspirators; and, the same being effected by the late ignominious Peace with France, the French King was rendered formidable, and the Protestant Succession was thereby brought into the most imminent Danger; and, by these and other pernicious Measures, the Destruction, so long intended by the said Conspirators for these poor Nations, seemed near at hand:

At which time, and under which most deplorable Circumstances, it pleased Almighty God, in his infinite Wisdom, to call to himself the late Queen Anne: and by a Concurrence of many most wonderful Providences, to give a quiet and peaceable Accession to his present most gracious Majesty to the Throne of his Ancestors; to which he was received with one full Voice and Consent of Tongue and Heart, and the united Joy and Acclamation of every good Subject and good Protestant, as their only lawful and rightful Liege Lord: And although from the Moment his Majesty ascended the Throne to this Day, his Reign has been one Series of Wisdom, Justice, and Clemency; his Labours constant, unwearied, and successful, to retrieve the Honour and Reputation of these Nations, te re-establish the Trade, and recover the Wealth, of his Kingdoms; and although all imaginable Encouragement has been given to the Church of England, and all Ten-demefe shewn even to his Popish Subjects; and his constant Care has been to procure the universal Good of his People; nevertheless, the said Conspirators have, by the most vile and impious Methods, renewed their Endeavours to throw these Kingdoms into the utmost Confusion, and to entail endlels Miseries on us, and our Posterities: for these Ends, many of the above-mentioned most wielced and dangerous Practices have been repeated, with the utmost Industry and Inveteracy, to delude, disorder, and corrupt, the Minds of his Majesty’s good Subjects; the most grounlets Jealousies have been fomented against his wife and happy Administration; and, in many Parts of his Kingdoms, the most unnatural, unexampled, Riots and Tumults, by the secretand malicious Endeavours of the said Conspirators, have been procured, stirred up, and encouraged, against his peaceable Protestant Subjects, under false Pretences of Zeal for the Church of England -, and thereby more effectually to delude his good Subjects, and seduce them from their Allegiance, and prepare them for an open Rebellion:

And the said Conspirators having at length, resolved to deprive these Nations of the invaluable Blessings which they now enjoy, under the wife and gentle Reign of his present

90 Januarii.

2 Geo. I. 90 Januarii. 333

prefect most gracious Majesty King George, and of the veral Places in the Counties aforesaid, of some of them, Impeach-certain Prospect of llappineis, which they have for their did unlawfully take and seize from his Majesty’s Officers ment Posterity, in a Succession of Princes derived from him- of the Revenue the publick Money, for the Use and Ser-self, did contrive, confederate, and retolve, to put their vice of the said Pretender: 4 '

most malicious, wicked, and traiterous, Designs into im- And tl>ough many of the said Conspirators are avowed mediate Execution: For which Purpose, James Earl of Professors of the Popish Religion; yet, the more effec-Derwentwater, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl tually to cover and disguise their most'wicked and traiter-of Nithifdale, George Earl of Winton, Robert Earl of ous Designs, and to delude his Majesty’s Subjects, they

Carrrwath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord did prevail on, and procure, several Men in holy Ordefs,

Nairn, together with Thomas Forjier, junior, the Lord Ministers of the Church of England, and who had before Charles Murray, Edward Howard, Thomas Errington, that time abjured the said Pretender, to accompany,

John Clavering, William Shqjtoe, Sir Francis Anderton, countenance, and abet, the said most traiterous Enter-JlalphStandis/i, Richard Townley, Thomas Butler, Thomas prize; and, in several Places in the Counties aforesaid,

JValton, Gabriel Hesket, Richard Gascoigne, and divers where the said Conspirators, their Accomplices and Con-other Persons, as false Traitors to his present most Sacred federates, then were, to pray for the said Pretender in the Majesty King George, the only lawful and undoubted publick Churches, as King of these Realms:

Sovereign of these Kingdoms, having withdraw n their And the said last mentioned Conspirators, their AccOra-Allegiance, and cordial Love, and true and due Obe- plices and Confederates, did, on or about the 9th, 10th, dience, which they, as good and faithful Subjects, owed nth, 12th, or 13th, of November last, traherously seize to his said Majesty, did, in or about the Months of Sep- and possess themselves of the Town of in the

tember, October, or November, last, most wickedly, mali- County Palatine of Lancaster, against his Majesty; and ciously, falsly, and traiterously, imagine and compass the did then and there, in a warlike and hostile manner, levy Death of his said most Sacred Majesty: War, oppose, engage, and fight against his Majesty’s

And, for the accomplishing and executing their said Forces; and did then and there cause and procure a mi-traiterous Purpose, they the said James Earl of Derwent- ferable and horrid Slaughter and Murder of many of his water, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl of Majesty s faithful Subjects:

Nithifdale, Geo. Earl of Winton, Robert Earl of Earn- All which Trealbns and Crimes above-mentioned were zrath, William Viscount Kenmure, and Wm. Lord Xaim, contrived, committed, perpetrated, acted, and done, by did, in or about the said Months, or some of them, and the said James Earl of Derwcntxcater, William Lord at divers other Days and Times, and in divers Places Widdrington, JVm. Earl of George Earl of

within this Kingdom, wickedly and traiterously agree, Wintoun, Robert Earl of Carrrwath, William Viscount confederate, conspire, and resolve, together with many Kenmure, Wm. Lord Nairn, and other the Conspirators Other evil-disposed Persons, to raise, excite, and levy, aforesaid, against our Sovereign Lord the King, his within the Counties of Tcviotdale, Northumberland, Cum- Crown, and Dignity, and against the Laws and Statutes

berland, and the County Palatine of Lancaster, and else- of this Kingdom:

where within this Kingdom, a most cruel, bloody, and Of all which Treasons and Crimes, the Knights, Citizens, destructive, War against his Majesty, in order to depose and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name, and thurder his Sacred Majesty, and to deprive him of of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, his Royal State, Crown, and Dignity. impeach the said James Earl of Wm.

And the said James Earl of Derwentwater, Wm.Lord Lord Widdrington, Wm. Earl of Nithifdale, George Widdrington, Wm. Earl of Nithifdale, George Earl of Earl of W Earl of Viscount Winton, Robert Earl of Carrrwath, JVm. Viscount Ken- Kenmure, Wm. Lord Nairn, and every of them. mure, and Wm.Lord Nairn, Conspirators, their Complices and Confederates, in or about the Months aforesaid, Ordered, That the said Articles be read a Second time, in the Counties aforesaid, or some of them, did gather Paragraph by Paragraph.

together great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects; and And the First Paragraph being read a Second time j with them, did assemble in a warlike and traiterous man- An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fame, ner, in order to raise Tumults and Rebellions within this by leaving out the Word " suppress," and, iultead there-Kingdom; and, having procured great Quantities of of, to insert the Word " extirpate Arms, Ammunition, and warlike lustruments, at the And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Times and Places aforesaid, or some of them, did form agreed unto by the House.

and compose, or did assist in the forming and composing, Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the an Army of Men, consisting of his Majesty’s Liege Sub- said Paragraph, by leaving out the Words " extirpate je£ts, in order to wage War against his said Majesty, for " and."

and in behalf, and in favour, of the said Pretender to And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, the Crown of these Realms: And the said last mentioned agreed unto by the House.

Conspirators, their Accomplices and Confederates, at Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the the Time and Times and Places aforesaid, and at divers said Paragraph, by inferring, between the Words " acted other Times and Places within this Kingdom, did ma- " and, " and the Words " have joined," these Words, liciously and traiterously make, levy, and raile, War and " many Protestants, pretending an uncommon Zeal for Rebellion against his most Sacred Majesty; and, in a " the Church of England:"

warlike and hostile manner, did march through, and in- And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put vade, several Parts of this Kingdom; and did unlaw- thereupon, agreed unto by the House. fully take and seize the Horses, and other the Goods and And then the.find Paragraph of the said Articles, so Chattels, of many of the peaceable and good Subjects amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed of his Majesty; and, in other Places, did take and seize unto by the House.

from his Majesty’s faithful Subjects, Guns, and other The rest of the Paragraphs of the said Articles, being warlike Instruments, for the carrying on their traiterous read a Second time, Paragraph by Paragraph, as far as Purposes: the last Paragraph but one, were, upon the Question fe-

And the said last mentioned Conspirators, their Accom- verally put thereupon,- agreed unto by the House. plices and Confederates, during their March and Invasion The last Paragraph but one being read a Second aforesaid, in open Defiance of his most Sacred Majesty’s time;

just and undoubted Title to the Imperial Crown of these An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by Realms, did wickedly and traiterously cause and procure inserting, between the Words " and Dignity," and the the said Pretender to be proclaimed, in the most publick Words " and against," these Words, " contrary to the end solemn manner, as King of these Realms and in fe» " Duty of their Allegiance

Vol. 18. 4Q And

Midhnrft

Writ.

Malmlbury

Writ.

Impeach-luent ot Furl ot Derwent*

wuttr, itc.

'334

And the find Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Paragraph, so amended, was, upon die Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The lait Paragraph, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Articles, so amended, be the Articles of Impeachment of High Trcaloo against James Earl of Demenlwater, iVm. Lord Widdrington, Earl of Nithifdale, George Earl of Robert Earl

of Camwath, Wm. Viscount Kenmure, and Wm. Lord

Nairn.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause for saving Liberty to the Commons to exhibit any other Articles of Impeachment against the said Lords.

A Clause was offered accordingly; which was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows:

And the said Commons, by Protection, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusations, or Impeachments, against the (kid James Earl of DerwentwaWm. Lord drington, Wm. Earl of Nithifdale George Earl of Win-toun, Robert Earl of Camwath, Wm. Viscount,

and Wm.Lord Nairn, or any of them; and allb of reply-

ing to thelAnftvers, which the said James Earl of I)er~ wentwater, Wm. Lord Widdrington, Wm. Earl of thifdale, George Earl of Wintoun, Robert Earl of xvath, Wm.Viscount Kenmureand Lord Nairn, or

any of them, shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any Impeachment, or Accusation, that shall be by them exhibited, according to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament: And do pray, That the said James Earl of Derwentwater, Wm. Lord , Wm. Earl of

Nithifdale, Geo. Earl of WintoRobert Earl of j-j*tath, Wm. Viscount Kenmure, and Wm. Lord Nairn, be put to auswer'all and every the Premises: And that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be, upon them, and every of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Clause be iqgrossed with the said Articles of Impeachment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Alidhurst, in the County of in the

room of John FortefeueAland Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the dotting a Barge fs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Joseph Addison Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

The ingrossed Articles of Irapeacliment against James Earl of Derwentwater, Wm. Lord Widdrington, Wm.

Earl of Nithifdale, George Earl of Winton, Robert Earl ci Cornualli, Wm.Viscount Kenmure, and Wm. Lord

Nairn, were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Lechmerc do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

9° —; o° Jamar'u.

A.

1715

Martis> 1 o° die Januarti;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Lechmere reported, That he did, Yesterday, Impeach.

carry to the Lords, and leave with their Lordships, ment of the ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against James of Per"£nt* Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord Widdrington, W& ' C" William Earl of Nithifdale, George Earl of Winton,

Robert Earl of Camwath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bercalftoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the 'Vrit-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berealston, in the County of Devon, in the room of Lawrence Carter Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty s Counsel learned in the Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ilabea* continuing the Act of this present Session of Parliament, *r°^Pus intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and u pen on‘ detain such Persons as his Majesty shall luspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: And that Mr. Lechmere, Lord Coningsby, and Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Edgcomb reported from the Committee appointed, Address on Yesterday, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his the King’s Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accord- sPee<;h-ingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave most heartily to congratulate your Majesty upon the Success that has attended your Arms: And it is with the greatest Satisfaction ,we observe, that the just and neceflavy Measures, taken for strengthening your Majesty’s Hands, have had so good an Effect in preventing Insurrections in several Parts of the Kingdom.

O o

The wife and seasonable Provision, which your Majesty has made, both at home, and from abroad, for the Safety of the Nation; your Goodness in giving all such Estates as shall be forfeited by this Rebellion in Ease of your People; and the tender Regard and Concern which you have been pleased to express for their Sufferings; call for all the Returns of Duty, Zeal, and Affection, which faithful and loyal Subjects can owe, or pay, to the belt of Kings.

This Rebellion, for which not the least Colour of Provocation has been given, as it ought very justly to be the Object of your Majesty’s Contempt; so it raises in your truly loyal Commons the highest Resentment and Indignation against those ungrateful desperate Rebels, whole pernicious Principles, private Discontents, and Disappointments, have engaged them to involve their Country in 'Blood and Confusion.

We look with Pity upon those unhappy deluded People, who, by false Pretences, and malicious Insinuations, have been betrayed into their own Deltruction: But we detest, and will do our utmost to confound, the Devices of those, who, professing an unlimited Obedience, have Itirred up a Rebellion against your Majesty; and, under the Dilguife of the Danger of the Church, are endeavouring to introduce Popery: And when we reflect, that nothing less than our holy Religion, your Majesty s Crown, and the Liberties of our Country, are concerned in the Event of this wicked Undertaking, we cannot but with Astonishment observe the Indifference of some iti this great and important Juncture.

But

2 Gec. I. io°

335

But your faithful Commons, with Hearts full of a clue Senseof the invaluable Blessings which they enjoy tinder your Majesty’s most auspicious Government, offer their Lives and Fortunes in Defence of your undoubted Title to the Crown, in Support of the Protestant Religion, and in Maintenance of the Liberty and Property of the Subject; which, as they were wonderfully preserved to us by your Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, can only be secured to Posterity by the Eye of Heaven watching over, and guarding, your Sacred Person, and your Royal family.

And, that this Nation may long continue to be a Protestant and a free People, your most dutiful and loyal Commons do most readily promise to grant such early and effectual Supplies, as may enable your Majesty to put an End to this unnatural Rebellion; to confound, and extinguish for ever, all Hopes of the Pretender, his open ond secret Abettors; and secure the future Peace and Tranquillity of your Kingdoms; being well allured, that your good People will think no Burthen grievous, that is necessary for the Preservation of all that is dear and valuable to them.

But your Majesty’s Care and Concern for the publick Welfare has not been confined to your own Kingdoms; and however your Enemies might flatter themselves, that these intestine Commotions w ould lessen the Influence of Great Britain in foreign Parts, your Commons with Admiration fee, and with Gratitude acknowlege, the Effect of your Wisdom, which has been able to surmount these Difficulties, in settling the Barrier Treaty for the Netherlands between the Emperor and the States General, under your Majesty’s Guaranty; in having made so great a Progress towards renewing all former Alliances between Great Britain and the States General; and particularly in delivering that valuable Branch of our Commerce with Spain from those grievous Impositions and Hardships, to which jt w’as subjected by the Treachery of the late Mal-administration.

And as the same fatal and pernicious Counsels have been the Cause and Source of all the Mischiefs and Calamities that muff; attend this unnatural Rebellion; and as your faithful Commons, desirous to testify their Zeal and Duty to your Majesty, and their Abhorrence of this treasonable Enterprize, have already exerted themselves in endeavouring to bring to speedy and exemplary Justice the opeu and declared Instrumenls of this Rebellion; they think themselves obliged, in Justice to their injured Country, to continue, in the most vigorous and impartial manner, to prosecute the Authors of those evil and destructive Counsels, which have drawn down these Miseries upon the Nation.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inlerting, in the 2d Paragraph, after the Word " observe," these Words, " that the Officers and Soldiers of the Army have, by a brave and faithful Discharge of " their Duty’, deserved your Majesty s Approbation; M and

Aud the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Rc/olved, That this House do agree with the Committee -to the said Address, so amended, to be presented to Jiis Majesty:

And the same is as followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave most heartily to congratulate your Majesty upon the Success that has attended your Arms: And it is with the greatest Satisfaction we observe, that the Officers and Soldiers of the Army have, by a brave and faithful discharge of their Duty, deserved your Majesty’s Approbation; and that the just and necessary Measures, taken for ft lengthening your Majesty’s Hands, havehad Vol. 18,

so good an Effect in preventing IiTurrections in several Address on Parts of the Kingdom. ,he Kind's

The wife and seasonable Provision, which your Majesty Sp*ecb* has made, both at home, and from abroad, for the Safety of the Nation; your Gootlness in giving all such Estates as shall be forfeited by this Rebellion in Ease of your People; and the tender Regard and concern which you have been pleased to express for their Sufferings; call for all the Returns of Duty, Zeal, and Affection, which faithful and loyal Subjects can owe, or pay, to the best of Kings.

This Rebellion, for which not the least Colour of Provocation has been given, as it ought very justly to be the Object of your Majesty’s Contempt; so it raises in your truly loyal Commons the highest Rclentment and Indignation against those ungrateful desperate Rebels, whole pernicious Principles, private Discontents, and Disappointments, have engaged them to involve their Country in Blood and Confusion.

We look with Pity upon those unhappy deluded Peo- , pie, who, by falle Pretences, and malicious Influuations, have been betrayed into their own Destruction: But we detest, and will do our utmost to confound, the Devices of those, who, professing an unlimited Obedience, have stirred up a Rebellion against your Majesty; and, under the Disguise of the Danger of the Church, are endeavouring to introduce Popery: And when we reflect, that nothing leis than our holy Religion, your Majesty’s Crown, and the Liberties of our Country, are concerned in the Event of this wicked Undertaking, we cannot but with AftonHhment observe the Indifference of some in this great and important Juncture.

But your faithful Commons, with' Hearts full of a'due Sense of the invaluable Blessings which they enjoy under your Majesty’s most auspicious Government, offer theft*

Lives and Fortunes in Defence of your undoubted Title to the Crow n, in Support of the Protestant Religion, and in Maintenance of the Liberty and Property of the Sub-jeCk; which, as they were wonderfully preserved to us by your Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, can only be secured to Posterity by the Eye of Heaven wetching over, and guarding, your Sacred Person, and your Royal Family.

And, that this Nation may long continue to be a Protestant and a free People, your most dutiful and loyal Commons do most readily promise to grant such early and effectual Supplies, as may enable your Majesty to put an End to this unnatural Rebellion; to confound, and extinguish for ever, all Hopes of the Pretender, his open and secret Abettors; and secure the future Peace and Tranquillity of your Kingdoms; being well assured, that your good People will think no Burthen grievous, that is necessary for the Preservation of all that is dear and valuable to them.

But your Majesty’s Care and Concern for the publick Welfare has not been confined to your own Kingdoms; and however your Ehemies might flatter themselves, that these intestine Commotions would lessen the Influence of Great Britain in foreign Parts, your Commons with Admiration fee, and with Gratitude acknowlege, the Effect of your Wisdom, which has been able to surmount these Difficulties, in settling the Barrier Treaty for the Netherlands betw een the Emperor and the States General, under your Majesty’s Guaranty; in having made so ' great a Progrefe towards renewing all former Alliances between Great Britain and the States General; and particularly in delivering that valuable Branch of our Commerce with Spain from those grievous Impositions and Hardships, to which it was fobjetted by the Treachery of the late Mal-administration.

And as the same fatal and pernicious Counsels have been the Cause and Source of all the Mischiefs and Calamities that must attend this unnatural Rebellion; and as yoifr faktrful Commons, desirous to testify their Zeal and Duty to your Majesty, and their Abhorrence of this treasonable Enterprize, have already exerted themselves in endeavouring to bring to speedy and exemplary Justice the open and declared Instruments of this Rebellion; they think

Call of the House.

Dr.BIackbum to preach on 30th Jan.

A Member txpelled.

Northumberland Writ.

Impeachment of Earl of Derwent-water, fice.

King appoints to be attended.

Member allowed to go to the impeached Lords in Tower.

Habeas

Corpus

bufpeuf.on.

336 10° — n° — 12° Januariu 1715.

think themselves obliged, in Justice to their injured Country, to continue, in the moil vigorous and impartial manner, to prosecute the Authors of those evil and de-strufikive Counsels, which have drawn down these Miseries upon the Nation.

Resolved, That the said Address be.presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That such Members of this House who shall not then attend be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ilouie.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Blackburn, Dean of Exeter, be desired to preach before this House upon

the Thirtieth Day of January instant: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Drake, do acquaint him therewith.

Refulved, That Thomas Fojlerjunior, Esquire, a Mem-

ber of this House, having been taken in open Rebellion, bearing Arms against his Majesty, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the defiling a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of Thomas Foster junior, Esquire, expelled this House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Articles, and prepure Evidence, against the Seven Lords impeached Yelttfday, have Leave to fit de die in diem: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, ri° Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported. That he having humbly waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House, his Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at his Palace of James's.

The House being informed, That the Earl of Carmvath, and the Lord Viscount Kenmure, Two of the Lords impeached of High Treason by this House, desired, That George Baillie Esquire, a Member of this House, might

come to them in the Tower j

Ordered, That George Baillie Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to Robert Earl of Cam-wath, and William Viscount Kenmure, who are Prisoners in the Torcer of London.

Mr. Lechtnere presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Afik, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Afik to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspefil are conspiring against his Person and Government: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re/hived. That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Refblved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take 4nto Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Ordered, That the Instrufikion given to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions, the Seventeenth Day of May last, not to proceed on any more of the Petitions before them, complaining of undue Elefitions, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufikion to the said Committee, That they do meet upon this Day Three Weeks.

The House being informed, That the Days formerly appointed for hearing the said Petitions are elapsed;

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to appoint other Days for the hearing the Merits of the Petitions, relating to controverted Elefitions, now before them.

Ordered, That any Five of the Committee appointed to draw up Articles, and prepare Evidence, against the Seven impeached Lords, be a Quorum.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 120 die Januarii \

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABI L L to continue the Afik, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Afik to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspefit are conspiring against his Person and Government, was, according to Order, read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House did Yesterday attend his Majesty with their Address: And that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for the kind and warm Assurances of Loyalty contained in this Address, from which I promise myself the most happy Consequences; since nothing can so effefikually restore the Peace and Tranquillity of the Kingdom as the commendable Zeal you have expressed upon this Occasion.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee jof Privilege.

Impeachment of Ecrl of Derwent, water, dec.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspenfioo.

Answer to Addrfli*.

Supply.

2 Geo. i.

13® — 14®

impeachment of Earl of Derwent-Water, &c.

Habeas

Corpus

Eufpension.

Supply*

Gulikei'g

Hat

Veneris, 13® die Januarii;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason against James Earl of William Lord Widdrington, lVilliam Earl of

George Earl of Winton, Robert Earl of Carmoath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do direct the printing the said Articles: And that no other Person do presume to print the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent illegal Imprisonments; and for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject in Cafes not within the Purport of the said Act;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the feud Com-inittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lechmere took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, for a Supply to-be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Cortimittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

Sabbaii, 14* die

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Frederick Gulikcr, was presented to the House, arid read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but having constantly professed the true Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

London, and Mr. James Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fathe.

337

the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had.. directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwrai ds deli-livered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to Iris Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account of the Deficiencies of the Grants, for the Year 1715; and of the Deficiencies of the Parliamentary Funds; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1716, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy, and the Marines; and what will be further necessary for the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy for the Year 1716; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges for Guards,

Garisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1716, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1716, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of the Navy to Christmas last be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers that are to be in Half Pay, or Half Pay made up whole Pay, for the Year 1716, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the several Officers iri Half Pay, or in Half Pay made up whole Pay, for the last Year, that have been provided for, or arefince dead, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said several Accounts, State, and Eitiniates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will,- upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for giving Liberty to Persons, who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of th Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their fe.j Trades and at the Making of Bays, within the said Tow,(* be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.11'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fort-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors.

Mr. Lechmei'e, according to Order, reported, from the Habeas Cortimittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for p)u* continuing the Act, of this present Session of Parliament, S pe ,on* intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, was committed, the Amendment they had directed him to report to’ the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Arid then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply.

Colchester

Woollen

Manufacture,

Supply.

Mr.' Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the' Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of VojulS.

4 R

Answer to Addrefe.

Deficiencies of Grant*, 4c.

338 i

Luna, i6° die Januaritj

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Stanhope reported. That their Addrefe of Saturday last had been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before the House the Estimates, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers accordingly.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, ah Account of the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year One thousand

Januarii. 715,

Seven hundred and Fifteenand of the Deficiency of the Parliamentary Funds; contained in Three Papers, intituled,

Supplies for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, and the Uses thereof; Chewing the Deficiencies Of the Grants for that Year:

An Estimate of the Money which will be wanting to make good to the Services erf the Navy so much as, in the Year One thou fend Seven hundred and Sixteen, is to be paid, by the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Complement of the Funds of the South Sea Company: And, An Account of the Deficiencies of air Lottery Annuities, and other Funds payable at the Exchequer:

And the Titles thereof were read'.

The laid Accounts and Estimate is as follows vix:

SUPPLIES

g

(Q

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

O"

o

o

SUPPLIES granted in Parliament 1715. Dr. VOTED.

£ 9a d.

Land Tax of <xjh. per Libra9, with a Credit at 4 /. per Cent. 940,000 io3f«jti7i5 - - D°- -

Malt Act (ultra the Transfer) at D® - - 406,270 19 8 2 Apr

By Annuities at 5 L per Cent. redeemable - . 910,000 — — 11 August -

The like - - - - . - -. - £. ». d. 1^91000 — r 10 May -

South Sea Stock for a Year’s Fund to the Company 583,339 8 JDitto for the Publick - - > . - 238,693 4 — 812,039 4 8 - D* 3» - 9 Apr. -- - - D° . D°

3>*47>3°3 4 4 3 vMau -

D° - -

Deficiency, besidea converting Half Payinto wljol? P*y, will be 1 50,886 11 10^ 9 Apr* 3V May . - DV-

, . x- 3,298,189 16 2j ’5 -- D* - - 31 May , 18 June -

, D° - . - 26 July.

4 18 June -3* May - - D° -21 July - . - D° -1 Gi0 P. - - 412 - -

Ordinary of the Navy -

Half Pay to Sea Officers ——

Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance, Sea £. r <d.

Service for 10,000 Men - - - - 520,000 — —

Ditto for 6,000 Men for 6 Months - - - 156,000 — —

Extraordinary Repairs and Stores

Ordnance Land Service

To complete Half Pay^for military Officers, ct aPj of Ordnance

For Guards, SfC.

Forces'in Minorca Forces in Gibraltar

An Arrear for Officers Servants in Minorca and Gibraltar An Arrear to.3 Regiments, to 25th of December 1714 Pay of those 3 Regiments, to 25th of December 1715 Pay of 7 Regiments till transferred to Irish Establishment Bounty money to disbanded Men - For 3,000 Dragoons, and 4,000 Foot, additional Companies added to the Coldstream Regiment For the Hospital and Out Pensioners (vltra Poundage) ftc.~

For Pay, or Half Pay, as directed - - - 123

£ *' 197,896 17 35*574 3

676,000 —

*37.277 "

90.797 1* 3

2,832 8 6

»4

H

>4

9

13

19

1

The like, for Hamilton’s Officers -To be made whole Pay

98

10 — 2,501 10 —

425,900 57.759 37. »9*

8,183 8,461 35.912 33.525

468-----

2^5,754 7 5 5,458 10 — 20,000 — —

126,290 —

4 And for answering other extraordinary Services, or Augmentations, . relating to his Majesty’s Land Forces.

For Debts on Subsidies, and Arrears to Land Forces -Deficiency of Clajfis Lottery of 1711 to Michaelmas 1714 _ - -

The like.....of 1712 to Ditto - - 1714 -

Deficiency on former Afl for Hops, per Clause in Bank Act - -

Fund for&ottfji Sea Company, dnno 1715, per Clause in South Sea A&

Commissioners of Accounts for Salaries - - 3.500 —

Do for Incidents - - - - 3,000-----

Examined 16 January 171 Wm. Lowndes,

c

1,146,748 — 11

93.6*9 19 9

3

I,0>4^07 5 9§

250,000 — —

53.3*-----

52,938 9 8

86,805 -

5.3.339 — 8

6,500 — —

3,298,189 16

o*.

\Q;

34° id* Jmuarii. 1715.

16th January 171^. An ESTIMATE of the Money which will be wanting to make good to Services of the

Navy so much as, in the Year 1716, is to be paid by the said Treasurer for the Complement of the Funds of the said South Sea Company; viz.

The Fund of the South &aCompany for Ten Millions, for the Year 1716, s.

is, at 61. per Cent. - -- 600,000-----7

And for Charges of Management

8,000

The Money arisen in the Year 1715, upon such of the Duties appropriated to answer the said i Fund, as took place within that Year, or some Part thereof, and were enacted, 1 Pag. 5

398, to go in Part of the said Fund, 61st growing due alter 1715, doth amount to -V

All the Duties appropriated to answer the said 577,500l. as well those in being, as those to take Effefit from the last of July 1716, have, bya Medium of Three Years, ended at Michaelmas 1715, produced, in net Money, into the Exchequer, the Sum of 538,114/. 19*. 3 per Annum; whereby, estimating the net Produce thereof for the Five last Months of the Year 1710, the same will produce ----- -224,314 11 4

The Duties on Salt, Candles, and Apprentices, now in being, by a Medium of Three Years, euded at Michaelmas 1715, produced in net Money; into the Exchequer, the Sum of 99,570/. 13 s. old. per Annum', whereby, estimating the net Produce thereof for the First Seven Months of the Year 1716, the same, will produce - - - . - - - 58,082 17 7

So the Complement winch will be wanting, by Estimation, amounts to Two hundred ninety*) five thousand Two hundred and Two rounds Eleven Shillings and a Peny - - -) *'

s. d. 608,000-----

30,500-----

577,500 -

>282,297 8 ii

JVm. Low.

295,202 11 1

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiencies of all the Lottery Annuities, and other Funds payable at the Exchequer;

which, by Estimate, amounts to the several Sums following; viz.

Upon the annual Sum of 135,000l. granted for the Ijottery, Anno 1710, in the 8th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, being more than One Year, ended at Michaelmas last - £. 144,263 6 2 '

For Salaries to Officers and Clerks, 6$c. One Year - - - 2,400-----

Upon the annual Sum of 186,670/. granted for the Clafe Lottery, Amo 1711, in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for the Year ended at Michaelmas last - - 48,489 13 —

For Salaries to Officers and Clerks, 8$c. - - - - 1,000-----

Upon the annual Sum of 168,003/. given as a yearly Fund, for clearing off the principal Sum of 2,341,740/. with the Interest at 61. per Cent, upon certain (landing Orders in the Lotteries, N° 1, N*2, and N*3, £. s. d.

Amo 171*, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1713 - 29,001 18 5i

For Officers and Clerks, £$c. - - - 1,050-----

----- 30,051 18 5i

Total Sums

deficieoU

£. s. d*

146,663 6 2

49,489 13

For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1714 - For Officer's and Clerks, 8$c. - -

11,563 15 — 1,050-----

For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1715 - For Officers and Clerks, 8$c.

39,353 19 5 1,050-----

For the incident Expences to the Managers, and others, within the Three Year 8 before mentioned - - - .

12,613 15

40,403 19 5 7,047 4 6

Upon the annual Sum of 168,003/. granted for the Class Lottery, Anno 1712, in the 10th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for the Year ended at Michaelmas last - - 45,568 18

For Officers and Clerks, $c. - 1,050-----

Upon the annual Sum of 160,000 /. to the East India Company, for the Years ended at

mas 1714, and Michaelmas 1715 ——

Upon the low Wines, granted in the Year 1705, which expired 24th June 1714, the principal Sum of - -- - 61,707 3 2

Interest, estimated to Christmas 1715 ----- 1,850 *-----

' 1 1

Upon the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1714, the principal Sum of - 170,435 11 10J Interest, estimated to Christmas 1715 - - - 4,260 17 9

Upon the Dufies on Candles, for Loans, which ended the lft May 1715, the principal Sum of - - ’ - - - -314,219 11 2)

Interest, estimated to Christmas 1715 - - - - 18,853 3 5

Upon the 3d 2 Jh.Aid, Anno 1713, the principal Sum of Interest, estimated to Christmas 1715

- 11,363 17 2*

284 1 11

Exchequer, 13 th January 1715.

Halifax.

90,116 17 5

46,618 18 9i

54,678 1 ni

63,557 3 2'

174,696 9 7*

333,672 14 7*

11,647 >9 1*

970,541 3 9*

Ordered

VjUUyiC

O . r' .

Army Eft i mates.

4 Geo. I.

15® y&iiit<grii.

34*

Ordered, That the said Accounts* and Estimate, do Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen: And also, the House. An Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the

Plantations Of ah'd for the Year 1716 2

Mr. Pulteney presented to- the House, an Estimate of And the Titles thereof tf-efe redd,

the Charge of foe Guards, Garrisons* and Other IhS The Md Estimates are -as folk)tv <cbc.

ESTIMATE Of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

for the Year 1716.

Ilerfe.

First Troop of Guards, consisting of 181 Men, Officers included -Second Troop of Guards, ditto -

Third Troop of Guards, ditto -

Fourth Troop of Gawds, ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards, consisting of 176 Men, Officers included ——

Second Troop of Grenadier Guards, ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards, consisting of Nine Troops, of 49 Men in each, Officers included -General Lmnleys Regiment, consisting of Nine Troops, of 47 Men in each, Officers included -Colonel Pitt's Regiment, consisting of Six Troops, of 47 Men in each. Officers included -

-Lord WindforsRegiment, ditto - -

of 49

Dragoons. (

Foot /

Vol. is.

Royal Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of Six Troops Men in each, Officers included -Earl of Portmore’s, ditto -

Lieutenant General Carpenter's, ditto - -

Earl of Stair’s, ditto -

Colohel Ker's ditto -

Major General Evans's, ditto - -

Major General Pepper’s, ditto -

Brigadier Dormer's, ditto -

Sir Robert Rich's, ditto - -

Colonel Stanhop's; ditto -

Brigadier Bowles's, ditto -

Brigadier Honywood’s,ditto -

Major General Wynns, ditto -

Brigadier Gore’s, ditto -

Colonel TyrreTs, ditto -

Colonel Churchill's, ditto - -

Brigadier Mwhen's, ditto -

Colonel Mekfeerth'*, ditto -

Colonel Newton's, ditto - -

rFirft Regiment of Guards, consisting of 28 Companies, of 81 Men in each, Officers included -

Second Regiment of Guards, consisting of 18 Companies, of 81 Men in each, Officers included -

Third Regiment of Guards, ditto -

Colonel Kirk s Regiment, consisting of Twelve Companies, of 61 Men in each, Officers included - -

Lieutenant General Seymour’s, ditto -

Lord Train's, ditto ——

Lord Shannon’s, ditto -

Colonel Harrison s,ditto -

Biigadier Grove's, ditto -

Colonel Montagu's, ditto -

Earl of Orrery's, ditto -

Major General Sabine's, ditto -

Lieutenant General Wills's, ditto -

Brigadier Prejion's, ditto -

Colonel Fane's, ditto -

Brigadier Stearne's, ditto -

Colonel Handafyds, ditto - . - -

Brigadier Starrwixs, ditto -

Sir Charles Hotham's, ditto -

Brigadier Grant’s, ditto - -

Colonel Dubourgay s,ditto - -

Colonel Chudleigh’s, ditto -

Colonel Pocock’s, ditto -

Colonel Lucas’s, ditto - -

Brigadier Morvyfinis Regiment, Consisting of Ten Companies, of 61 Men in each, Officers kieladed -

Colonel’ Eger ton Sf ditto - -

Pay of Troops and Regiments for 36fi Day*.

s, d.

16.592 —

16.592 —

16.592 —

16.592 - —

10,77212 — 10,90014 —

29,420 6 —

28,596 16 —

19»39* —

19,391 18 —

Total Charge.

£. s. d.

184,842 4 — 1

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 13

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12.849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 *3

12,849 13

12,849 *3

52,139 *5

33,858 1

33,858 1

13,996 9

13.996 9

13,996 9

13,996 9

*3.996

*3.996

13,99s

*3>996

*3.996

13.996

13.996 *3.996

13.996

*3.996

13.996

13.996

13.996 *3,9^6

13.996 *3,99

13.996

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

11,812 13 >1,812 13

4 S

244,143 7 —

Major

Ordnance

Estimate.

Habeas Corpus Suffension.

34«

16° Januarii

(Major General Wightman's, ditto - -

Colonel Clayton's, ditto -

Three Independent Companies in North Britain, confiding of 81 . Men in each. Officers included -

( General Officers *---»-

General Of* J Garisons, with Fire and Candle -

ficers, $c. A 28 Companies of Invalids, to do Duty in Garilbn -

(, Contingences, upon Account -

Pay of theitegiments &c. for 366 Day*.

£ * d.

11.812 13 —

11.812 13 —

4,108 7 —

23,994 19 8 27,926 6 9 26,968 2 — 20,000-----

Wm. Pult

Total -

A. 1715,

Total Charge.

d.

465,140 5 —

98,889 8 5

993,oi5 4 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1716.

In the Plantations.

Colonel Alexander's Regiment Independent Companies at New York ditto at Annapolis Royal -4 ditto at Placentia - -

1 ditto at Bermudas - -

2 ditto at Jamaica -

Garisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia

In Minorca.

Royal Regiment of Fuziliers Colonel Phillip's Regiment -Major General Whetham's -Lieutenant General Sankie's

Officers of the Garison, Contingencies, 8$c.

In Gibraltar.

Major General Pearce's Regiment Colonel Cottons - -

Lieutenant General Meredyth's -

Officers of the Garison, Contingencies, <§’c.

Wm. P.

Pay of the Regiments and Companies for

366 Days.

£. s. d.

9,680 M —

7,112 12 —

5*697 8 —

5,697 8 —

994 6 —

3,638 13 —

12,904 11 —

12,703 5

12,703 5 —

12,703 5 —

» m 11,178 5 —

11,178 5 —

11,178 5 —

Total. - £.

T*tal Charge.

£ dm

32,821 1 —

2,016 16 io£

51,014 6 — 6,903 13 6

33,534 15 — 3,759 *7 9

130,050 10

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Office of Ordnance Charge for the Year 1716, for Land Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfo. Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

Mr. Ash presented to the Houfo, an Estimate of the The laid Estimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1716, for Land Service.

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, and other incident Charges - - - - 38/835 7 6

The Establishments of Portmahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, and Placentia - 9,962 3 9

The Charge of Materials for the Fortifications sent to Mahon ----- 2,965 10 — -

The Charge of 1,000l. per Month, for Continuance of the said Fortifications, in pursuance of his Majesty’s Orders; which, reckoned for Six Months in the Year 1716, is - - - 6,000 — —

For suppl) ing the Stores with Arms, in the room of those delivered on the Occasion of the Rebellion 22,467 15 — The extraordinary Charge of repairing Fortifications, fitting out a Train of Artillery; as also of

Ammunition, and other Stores of War, provided upon account of the Rebellion - - - 39,660 10 3f

For Half Pay of the Officers and Chaplains who have served well in the Trains of Artillery of Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ----- - 2,605 11 8

Tho. Erie, Edw. Ash,£. 122,496 18 2f

M. Richards, Tho. Frankland,. s=a --- =^=.

John Armfirong.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfo.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to ixnpower his >9

Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall fuipeft are conspiring against his Person and Government. was read a Third time,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Act,

of

Cornel ifon'i Kat.

Cfiliker'i

Mat.

Navy

Xiiimate.

Bad of Strafford's Impeach-bent.

Earl of

Mar's, &c. Attainder.

4 Geo. I. 168 — 17®

of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as' his Majesty shall liispect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Lech mere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 17* die Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pra Y ERS.

A PETITION of Henry was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but conftuntly professed the true Protestant Religion; and hath given Testimony by his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner’s Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morice, and Sir Edmund Prideaux, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Naturalization of Frederick And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1716:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr! Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Earl of Strafford hath put in his Answer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him; and have also commanded us to carfy down a true Copy thereof, and leave the same with this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That there were Two Persons at the Door, who could acquaint the House with the Proceedings of the Earl of Mar, and other Lords, now in Rebellion, in North Britain’, viz. Whittle, and Doctor Blair;

They were severally called in; and examined at the Bar: Where they gave an Account of the Earl of Mar, Lord Tullibardine, Lord Linlithgow, and Lord Drummond, being in Arms in Scotlatid in open Rebellion, in favour of the Pretender; whom the Earl of Mar had caused to be proclaimed King, and set up his Standard; and that the Earl of Mar acted as Commander in Chief of the Pretenders Forces.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to attaint John Earl of Mar, Wm. Murray Esquire, commonly called'Marquis of,

James Earl of Linlithgow, and John Drummond, Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason: And that Mr. Smith, Sir Jof. Jekyll, the Lord Coningsby, And Mr. Lechmere, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

— 18 "Januarii. 343

Mercuriiy i8° die Januarii j

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABI L L for giving Liberty to Persons who have served their Apprenticethips to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr . Eytes, Sir Phil. Pa, Sir Tho. Cross, Mr.

Micklethzeait, Mr. Hopkim, Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Lord Wm. Powlctt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. North, Mr. London, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Baringlon Shute, Mr. Gold, Colonel Mr. Evelyn,' Mr. Ducane, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Mr.

Johnson, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Hampden, General Mr. Diston, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr Sir Far-

rington, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Northey, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Erie, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Richard Steel, Sir John JVard, Mr. Thompson; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex, and Suffolk ‘ And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hotife to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Supplies for the Year 1715, and the lifts thereof; shewing the Deficiencies of the Grants for that Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money which will be wanting to make good to the Services of the Navy, lb much as, in the Year 1716, is to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Complement of the Funds of the South Sea Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Deficiencies of all Lottery Annuities, and other Funds payable at the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1716, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, of Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 171 6fbe referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1716, for Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1716, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 18.

ColchefUr

Woollen

Manufacturt

Supply.

Supply,

Way* and Mean*.

344

19" — 20® yamarU.

A. 1715.

Jovisy 19* die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PttAT E RS.

Z?R ED E RICK Guliker took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they bad directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 10,000 Men be allowed for the Sea Service for the Year 1716, beginning from the lft Day of 17>5-

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for 13 Months, including tire Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thirty-three thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1716, including Half Pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred ninety-five thousand Two hundred and Two Pounds Eleven Shillings' and a Peny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good for Services of the Navy, so much as, in the Year 1716, is, by Estimation, to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Complement of the Funds of the South Sea. Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Nine hundred Ninety-three thousand Fifteen Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and 28 Companies of Invalids, and Three Independent Companies in North Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Eight hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Forces in his Majesty’s Plantations in America for the Year 1716.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Tifty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty s Forces, and Garison, in , for the

Year 1716.

Resolved, That it is the ‘Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Two hundred Ninety-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces, and Garison, at Gibraltar, for the Year 1716.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand Four hundred Ninety-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1716.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Eight hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the \ ear 1715

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Mcmbm House do go with the Mace into the Court of Ilequests, summoaed. and Places adjacent, and funmion the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Lechmerepresented to the House, according to Or- Earl ®f

der, a Bill to attaint John Earl of MWilliam Murray * Esquire, commonly called Marquis of James Al

Earl of Linlithgow, and John Drummond, Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Rcfixed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the who.e Houfo, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 20° die yanuarit;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

R. Pulteney presented to the House, an Estimate

M

of the Charge of the Six thousand Men taken into his Majesty’s Service from the States General of the United Provinces: ,

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Estimate is as follows; viz.

D»tck

Troop*.

An ESTI M AT E of the Charge of the 6000 Men taken into his Majesty’s Service from the States General

of the United Provinces.

For the Pay of Lieutenant General Slippenbach’s Regiment of dismounted Dragoons, Lieutenant General Pallant's Regiment of Foot, Brigadier Wtide-mi’s Regiment of Foot, Brigadier Cronjlroms Regiment of Foot, Colonel Jacot'% and Rantzau's Regiment of Foot, Brigadier Mey's Regiment of

Foot, SlurlersRegiment of Foot, Brigadier Chambrier's Regiment of Foot,

and Colonel Schmidt’s Regiment of Foot, amounting, in all, to 6000 Men General and Staff Officers ——

Wm. Pulteney:

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, Mr. Morice presented to the House, according to Or- Comelifou’i to be perused by the Members of the House. der, a Bill for naturalizing Henry Cornellfon: And the Nat.

fame was received; and read the First time.

Reftved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the The House being informed, That the Earl of Cam- Member Supply granted to his Majesty, wath desired, That James Grahme Esquire, a Member of this House, might come to him in the Tower; Lord P1U

Ordered, Tow«r.

P»jr «f th* Regiment*, 4-c. Total Charge per Annum.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

119,276 4 g 6,757 1126,033 4 9

Impeachment of Earl of Derwent-water, &c.

Judgment to be^kmaudedl against Earl of Derwent-water, &c.

Supply,

tarlofMar's, &c. Attain-Arr.

€»alikei'«

Nat.

a Geo. I. 20° — 2i° Janmrii. 545

Ordered, That Jambs Grahme Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to Robert Earl of -wath, Prisoner in- the Tower of London.

A Message from the Lords, by Me. HofordtsA Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord drington, William Earl of Nithifd Robert Earl of Carw-wath, William VHcount Kenm, and William Lord Nairn, have severally pleaded guilty, at the Bar of the House of Lords, to the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, exhibited against them by this House; which Pleas their Lordships have ordered to be recorded: And, upon the Petition of George Earl of Winton, their Lordships have allowed him Time till Monday next; to put in his Answer to the said Articles.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rejoined, Nernine contradicente, Tlmt this House will'

demand Judgment against Janies Earl of Derwentwater, Wm. Lord Widdrington, William Earl of

Robert Earl of Carnwath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That this House will, To-monow Morning, with Mr. Speaker, and the Mace, go up to the Bar of the Lords House. and, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament alTeinbled, and of all the Commons ot Britain,

demand Judgment against James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl of Robert Earl of Carnwath, William Viscount,

and William Lord Naim, impeached of High Treason, of which they have confessed themselves guilty.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tullibardinc, James Earl of Linlithgow, and John Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lechmere took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr'. Lechmere reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 210 die Januarii\

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715. Praters.

ABILL for the Naturalization of Frederick Guliker, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. London, Mr. Pynfent, Sir Tho. John-

Jbn, Mr. Nevill, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Morice, Mr. Diston, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Jvffop, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Cater, Mr. Mason, Mr. Farrcr, Mr. Kyles, Mr. Western, Mr. Weaver, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Mr.

Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. IYifs, Mr. White, Sir. Mr.

llungerford, Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. Fainter, Mr. Lade, Mr. Vol. 18.

Newport: And they are to meet this Afternoon, tit five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hal>ea« for continuing the Act, of this present Session of Parlift- s*^* ment, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to fe- pen on* cure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty Aid I suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government; with- out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Ordered, That the Justices of Peace for the Cities Of Avenue* to London and Westminster do take care, that the Scavengers ^*Hotuff'0 keep the Passages through the Streets between the Royal c T* Exchange and Westminster-holl free and open from ail Nuisances whatsoever; and that there be no Obstructiott to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Justices aforesaid.

The House taking Notice of the Miseries of the Poor Poor* and in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Scavenger* Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also of the great Annoy- ate*‘ ancesand Obstructions which are, at this present Season, in the Streets, by reaibn of the great Heaps of Dirt; Ice, and Snow;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Poors Rates, and the Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of

Mortality:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

I^ord Coningsby, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Tho. Crojje, Mr.

Recorder, Mr. Herne, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Boteler, Mr. London, Mr. Stephens, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brodrick,

Mr. Mason, Sir Edmund Prideaux, Mr. Sir

Tho. Scawen, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Ojfiey, Sir John Walter, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Cook, Mr. Weaver,

Mr. Lister, Mr. Lade, Mr. Onslow, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr.

Molyneux, Mr. Diston, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. England,

Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. JeJJhp, Mr. Eyles, Lord Wm. Pcwbet,

Mr. Attorney General, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Pelham, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Smithson, Mr.

Lechmere, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. St. Quintin,

Mr. Morice, Mr- Coventry, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Lord Sonds, Sir Robert ALarsham, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Barrington Shute Mr. Methuen, Sir Wm. Humfreys, Mr. Ash, General Erie, Sir Tho.

Jon, Lord Harvey, Sir Hen. Johnson, Major General Pepper, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Tho. Wheal, Sir Turner,

Mr. Lister, Mr. Solicitor General; and all tlmt serve for the County of Middlesex, and the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gen- Royal A flint tleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to a Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Bp to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty' had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to tile Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower ins Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government:

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chancellor acquainted both Houses, That he had received his Majesty’s Cotn-

4 T

11 2 30 Januarii. A. 1715

Thu King'* mand, to declare, in his Majesty’s Name and Words, his Landineof Majesty’s Reasons for his coming to his Parliament at this the Pre- time (besides the passing the said Act), as they were con-

ender. tained in a most gracious Speech delivered into his Hands

by his Majesty from the Throne; which Speech the Lord Chancellor read to both Houses: And that, to prevent Mistakes, Mr. Speaker said, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House; and is as followeth viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAD Reason to believe, when I spoke last to you, that the Pretender was landed in Scotland: The Accounts I have received fin:e do put it beyond all Doubt, that he is heading the Rebellion there, and does assume the Stile and Title of King of these Realms: His Adherents do like wife confidently affirm, That Assurances are given them of Support from Abroad: This Parliament hath, on all Occasions, expressed so much Duty tome, and fotrue a Regard for the Religious and Civil Rights of my People, that I am persuaded this daring Presumption of our Enemies will heighten your just Indignation against them, and beget such further Resolutions, as, with the Blessing of God, will enable me to defeat their Attempts.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The most effectual Way to put a speedy End to these Troubles will be, to make such a Provision as may discourage any foreign Power from assisting the Rebels: I do therefore hope, that every sincere Protestant, and true Briton, will look upon the extraordinary Expence, which a timely Preparation may require, to be the belt Hulbaq-dry; since it will, in all human Probability, prevent that Delblation, and those Calamities, which would unavoidably ensue, if the Rebellion should be suffered to spread, and be supported by Popish Forces from abroad.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The World must be convinced, by all you have already done, that you have nothing but the Honour and Interest of your Country at heart: And, for my own Part, I rely intirely upon you; and doubt not, but you will take such Resolutions, at this Juncture, as will be most for the present Safety, and future Ease, of my People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution;

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Air. , Mr.

Neville, Mr. Secretary Stanhop, General , Lord

Wm. Powlet, Mr. Bay lie, Lord Mr. North,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Gilbert Sir

Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Hunger ford, Lord , Lord

Finch, Sir IVm. HunrfryeS, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Earl, Mr. Vernon, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Deacle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Broderick, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Diston, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hampton, the Earl of Hartford, Mr. Cotcper, Mr. Med-lycott, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Richard Earington, Mr. Recorder, Sir Wm. St. Quintin: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Nevill, and Mr. Cater, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, demand Judgment against James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord Wid William Earl of Nithifdale, Robert Earl of Ca William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 23 die Januarii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 17x5.

P BAYERS.

JJENRY Cornelifon took the Oaths, appointed, in . order to his Naturalization.

Address on

King's

Speech.

Rejohed, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for his great Goodness in communicating those Advices, which do so highly concern the Safety of these Kingdoms: That this House has a grateful Sense of his Majesty’s Care and Tendemels for-his People on all Occasions; and from the Experience they have of the happy Effects of the Confidence which this House has already reposed in his Majesty’s Wisdom, for making such Augmentation of Troops, as should be necessary for the common Safety; by the just and prudent Difcribution whereof, the Designs of our Enemies have been intirely frustrated in many Parts of this Kingdom, and the Peace and Tranquillity of these Nations, in a great measure, preserved: That the Indignation of this House is justly heightened at the daring Presumption of the Enemies of this Kingdom: That this House is resolved to spare no Expence, and decline no Hazard, for the Preservation of his Majesty’s Sacred Person, and Government; whereon all that is valuable to these Nations, under God, intirely depends; and doth most humbly beseech his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, from time to time, for such farther Augmentations of Troops, as the Exigency of Affairs shall render necessary; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will grant such Supplies, as shall be sufficient not only to maintain such additional Forces, and to defeat all the Attempts of his Enemies both at home and abroad, and to prevent those Calamities which must ensue, if this unnatural Rebellion should be suffered to spread; but also to enable his Majesty, with the Blessing of God, effectually to diew hb Resentment against any Power that shall be so audacious to disturb the Peace of hb Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, That the Commons, with their Speaker, do intend, immediately, to come to the House of Lords, to demand Judgment against James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl of Nithifd Robert Earl of

wath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn > and therefore desire, that the Painted Chamber, and Passages to the House of Lords, may be cleared.

Ordered, That the Lord Stanhope do carry the said Message to the Lords.

The Lord Stanhope reported. That he had delivered the said Message to the Lords; and that the Lords gave Answer, That they would give Orders, that the Painted Chamber, and the Passages to their House, should be cleared.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the Lords House.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, with Mr. Speaker, and the Mace, had been at the Bar of the House of Lords; where the Speaker, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, demanded Judgment of their Lordships against James Earl of wentwater, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl of Nithifdale, Robert Earl of Carnwath, Wm. Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn, impeached by the Commons of High Treason; and of which they had confessed themselves guilty.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address, upon the Resolution of Saturday last, to be presented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had direfifced him

to

Preventing

Mutiny and Desertion.

Judgment to be demanded against Earl of Derwent-water, &c.

Judgment demanded against Earl of Derwentwater, tc.

Answer to Addref*.

2 Geo. I.

23* Jannarii.

to report to the House; which he redd in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table} Where the same was read; and is as followsviz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WTE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do, with all Humility, return our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for your great Goodness in communicating to us those important Advices, which so highly concern the immediate Safety of your Kingdoms.

We can never sufficiently express our grateful Sense of

?jur Majesty's constant Care and Tenderness for your eople, on every Occasion, since your Accession to the Throne of your Ancestors: But it is with the utmost Satisfaction of Heart, that we now experience the happy Efft&s of that just Confidence, which your loyal and affectionate Commons have already reposed in your great Wisdom, for mak^pg such Augmentation of Troops as your Majesty should find necessary for our common Safety:

And though the Growth of this Rebellion has already necessitated an Increase of Forces; yet we must ever ac-kiKwlege your wife and tender Concern for your People, iu having made Provision for our Defence, in such manner, at this time of common Danger, as must convince the World, that it is with the utmost Reluctancy to your Majesty that any farther Burthens are brought on your Subjects; and that your Majesty has nothing at heart but the Security and Welfare of your People.

Your dutiful Commons do likewise acknowlege, with the highest Gratitude to your Majesty, that, to the prudent Disposition of your Forces, not only the Designs of our Enemies to have raised Insurrections in many Parts of the Kingdom have been intirely frustrated, and the Peace and Tranquillity of these Nations thereby, in a great measure, preserved; but to that we owe, under God, those signal Successes, which have checked the Progress of the Rebellion, and which have given us, your faithful Commons, so early and just an Occasion to exert our-selves, in the most vigorous and effectual manner, for bringing some of the chief Actors in it to condign Punish-. meat.

We are astonished at the daring Presumption of the Pretender, and his Adherents; and do most sincerely and heartily assure your Majesty, that our Indignation is thereby heightened against them; and that we cannot so far forget our Duty and Affection to your Majesty, and our Concern for our Religion and Liberties, as not to take, at this critical Juncture, such farther Resolutions as will effectually enable your Majesty, with the Blessing of God, to defeat their Designs.

Your faithful Commons, being the refore firmly and unalterably resolved to spare no Expence, and to decline no Hazard, for the Support of your Majesty’s Title, and Government, whereon all that is dear and valuable to us, and our Posterities, under God, intirely depends; and being most earnestly desirous to give all imaginable Proofs of our constant and unshaken Zeal and Affection for your Sacred Person; and being thoroughly convinced, that we cannot more effectually consult our own Security, than by testifying our intire Confidence in your Majesty’s known Justice, Wisdom, and Goodness; do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That you will be graciously pleased to give Directions, from time to time, for such further Augmentation of Troops, as the Exigency of Affairs shall render necessary:

And we do farther assure your Majesty, That we will grant such Supplies as shall be sufficient, not only to main- tain such additional Forces, and to defeat all the Attempts of your Enemies both at home and abroad, and to prevent those Calamities which must ensue, if this unnatural Rebellion should be suffered to spread; but also to enable your Majesty, with the Blessing of God, effectually to shew your Resentment against any foreign Power that shall presume, direCHy or indirectly, to abet or support the Pretender, or his Adherents.

Yol. 18.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House ad agree with the Committee in the [laid Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure when be will be attended by this House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 1 Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also 'reported from the said Committee, That they had direfited him to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to consent, that the Two Third-parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases, and Farms, of all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, a Popish Recusant, or Popish Recusants, convict, which, by any the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force, are or may be seized or taken into his Majesty’s Hands for such Recusancy, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, may be raised, levied, and applied, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for suppressing the present unnatural Rebellion, and re-establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to consent, that the Tworthird Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Leases, and Farms, of all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, a Popish Recusant, or Popish Recusants, convict, which by any the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force, are or may be seized or taken into his Majesty’s Hands for such Recusancy, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, may be raised, levied, and applied, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for suppressing the present unnatural Rebellion, and re-establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being'informed. That the Lord Viscount Kenmure desired. That the honourable John Stewart of Sorbie, a Member of this House, might Come to him in the Tower;

Ordered, That the honourable John Stewart Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to William Viscount Kenmure, Prisoner in the Tower of London.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Way* and Mean*.

Member allowed to g«

to a Prisoner in the Tower.

King appoints to be Attended.

Glamorgan

Writ.

Call of the House.

Carl of Mar s, See, Attainder.

Ways and Means.

Comelifon’s

Nat*

Ruftierglen, kc. Writ.

Members

summoned.

34$ 24* — 250

Mortis, 24* dk Januarii J Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

jpRAYERS.

MiR. Gampfroiler acquainted the House, That his Majestjr having been waited upon, humbly to know when he would please to be attended by this House, his Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Hal f an Hour after One of the Clock, at his Palace of Si. James's.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to imake out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of Robert Jones Esquire, deceased.

The Orders of the Day being read j Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day-Sevennight

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of foe whole "House, to whom the Bill to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of ThiUibardine, James Earl of and John

Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That foe Report from the Committee of the whole House* to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of foe Clock.

mi----- -....

Mercurii, 2 5* die Jdnu&rii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

ABIL L for naturalizing Dairy Cornelilon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M-orice, Mr. rynfent, Mr. Coventry, Sir Sir Isaac

Rebow, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Mr.

Diston, Mr. Deacle, Mr. Bac, Mr. Sir

John IVird, Mr. Recorder, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Heath-cote, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Morice, Mr. Mason, Mr. Herne, Mr. Heyskam, Mr. Evelyn, Lord Mr. Smith, Mr. Tufnell, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Heath, Mr. Hill, Mr. Nortkey, Mr. Methuen, Mr. London, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Newport, Mr. Bristoto, Mr. Erie: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the fejefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Boroughs of Rutherglen, Glasgow, Dumbarton, and Rentfrew, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, defeated.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, and foe Court of Reqiiefts, and Places adjacent, and summon foe Members there to attend foe Service of foe House.

And be went iaccordingly.

And, being returned;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

81

Jamarii. A. 1715.

That George Earl of Winlon hath pot in his Answer to Earl of the Articles of Impeachment of High Trealbn exhibited against him by this House; and, having thereby pleaded *n

Not Guilty, and put himself upon his Tryal, their Lordships have likewise commanded them to leave a true Copy of foe said Answer with this House.

And then the MeHengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Answer be now read.

The said Answer was read accordingly; and is as follows} viz.

The Answer of George Earl of TVinton to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the honourable House of Commons for High Trealbn, and other High Crimes and Mifttemeanors.

THE farid Earl, saving to himself all Benefit of Exception to the Incertainties and Insufficiencies in tho laid Articles of Impeachment contained, and also all Advantages and Privileges belonging to him as a Peer of Great Britain; for Answer to the said Articles fays, That lie cannot but esteem it foe greatest Addition to his Afflictions, to fall under foe Displeasure of the honourable Hoofe of Commons: Yet as his Innocence, under foefe Misfortunes, is his Support; so he hopes it will be his Security: He, being taken with Pterions that were in Arms against the Government, might veafonably be presumed to be equally guilty, and to be jufily joined with them in the same Impeachment: But, when it shall appear how much foe Ciroumstances of his same differ from others, he doe* not doubt but your Lordships great Justice will distinguish him in Judgment; and that it will be as pleasingto that honourable Body, who are his Accusers, to have an innocent Man acquitted, as one that is guilty condemned:

He beg6 Leave to take Notice, That be is defeended from a very ancient noble Family, in whose Blood the Streams of Loyalty were always pure, never corrupted or polluted with Trealbn or Sedition; and he never degenerated so much from his loyal Ancestors, as to form or carry on any Design to subvert or alter the Constitution of foefe Kingdoms; but, for foe Preservation of it, was, upon aft Gccafions, ready to f&ciiface his Fortune, and even his Life: He was so cautious to avoid giving Occasion to be suspefibed by the Government, that, about Eight Years ago, upon his Return from his Travels, he withdrew from all Conversation, and confined himself to his House; never corresponded, by Letter, with any Person whatsoever; yet, to his great Misfortune, he could not be quiet or safe in his closest Retirement; for many Persons, both Officers, and others, of the Militia of the Shire of Lothian, under foe spedous Pretence of serving the Government; but, in Reality, actuated by private Pique and Revenge, several times, contrary to Law, forcibly entered, by Night, into his Dwelling-house, called Seaton Palace, rifled it, turned his Servants out of Doors, and carried away the Provisions of his Family; foe most sacred Places did not escape their Fury and Refeatment; they broke into his Chapel; defaced foe Monuments of his Ancestors; took up foe Stones of their Sepulchres; thrust Irons through their Bodies; and treated them in a most barbarous, inhumane, and unchristiau-like manner; Cannon and Mortars were brought to demolish his House; and, several Troops of Dragoons having gotten the Possession thereof, feme of them kept Guard there; and, when they left it, many of the Militia entered, and kept Possession thereof, fill they were driven from thence by the Highlanders; by whom he was likewise very ill treated; he being the only Person that was plundered by them: By foefe, and many other Severities, the said Earl was forced to leave his House, and seek for Shelter among his Tenants and Neighbours, where he was purfoed from House to House; and at iaft, very unfortunately, driven into foe Company of some of the Gentlemen named in the Impeachment: Ha presumes to affirm to your Lordships, that he did not join them with a traitorous or rebellious Design, but only with an Intention to preserve himself from being insulted, and afTaffinated; for be liad been once before taken up, without any Warrant or Authority; and having got from the Persons in whose Custody he was, they threatened, if

they

a Geo. I.

25° yamarii.

349

they could retake him, to murder him; and had before embrued their Hands in the Blood, of the Son of a neighbouring Gentleman: He never intended to have left his own Country; and, when some Gentlemen mentioned . coming into England, he opposed it: He was far from assisting, or encouraging, them in their Undertakings: He was not admitted into their Secrets, nor informed of their Designs; and was lo much a Stranger to their Proceedings, that, when they marched towards Northumberland, he was told, they were going along the Skirts of the Hills in Scotland, to avoid General; but after-

wards discovered they were in England, when it was too late; and to return alone into Scotland was too hazardous; which he did not attempt, because he had Reason to believe they would soon go back to Scotland.

Although he was constrained to keep the other Lords and Gentlemen Company, yet he never joined with them iu any Att of Hostility; nor assisted in taking any of the publick Money, or iu seizing any Guns, or other warlike . Instruments; or countenanced or abetted them therein: He did not at Preston, or elsewhere, fire a Pistol, offer Violence to any Person whatl'oever, or, in any other manner, fight against, or refilt, his Majesty’s Forces; but, with the rest, surrendered himself to General Wills.

The Honour of a Peer is more valuable than Life itself; and therefore he ought to be l'o much the more cautious, that it be not stained with the least Imputation of Guilt. The laid Earl knows his Innocence; and hopes your Lordships will excule him, if, in Justice to himself, and for the Preservation of his Honour, he does not take upon him the Guilt of Crimes, the very Thoughts of which were always Strangers to his Bread: And, therefore, in Answer to the Impeachment, he fays, That he is not guilty of the Treason, and other the Crimes and Mifde-meanors, mentioned in the said Articles, or any of them, in manner and Form as is therein alledged: And, for his Tryal, puts himself on your Lordships, who are his Peers; and begs your Lordships to believe, That this Answer proceeds from the Sense he has of the Truth of it, and not from Obstinacy, or any Inclination to give your Lordships, and the honourable House of Commons, any unnecessary Trouble, or from the least Doubt or Mistrust of his Majesty’s Clemency: But if, upon his Tryal, it shall appear, that he hath committed any Act, which, in the Rigour of the Law, may be cenflrued to amount to the Crime of High Treason, he hopes the Innocence of his Heart, and his Ignorance in the Law, will, by the Power of your Lordships Intercession, render him an Objefit of his Majesty’s Mercy, which he, and the rest, at the time of surrendering themselves, were encouraged, by his Majesty’s Officers, to depend upon. The said Earl submits his Cafe, thus circumstanced, to your Lordships great Wisdom and Judgment; and humbly prays your Lordships favourable Interpretation thereof, not doubting-but to make his Innocence appear to your Lordships Satisfaction.

Ordered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord Widdrington, William Earl of George Earl of IVinton, Robert Earl of William

Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn.

Ordered, That the Fourteen Gentlemen, named of the said Committee, be declared to be a Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon, oUVorcestershire, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr.. Recorder of London be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Cowper be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll be added to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch be added to the said Committee.

Vol. 18.

Way* and Means.

Ordered, That Mr. Denton be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker reported,'That the House did Yesterday Answer to attend his Majesty with their humble Address: To which Addrefe. his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Thank you heartily for this Address. If any thing could add to the good Opinion this House of Commons deserves from me, it would be the Zeal and Unanimity you have shewn upon this Occasion. ' You may depend upon my continuing always, as I have hitherto done, to make use of the Confidence and Powers you put in me, only for restoring and securing the Peace and Quiet of my People.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the "Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read-; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his' Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1716, upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,-' Pehfions, Offices, -and personal Estates in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Wales, and Town of Bei'wick.upon and that a

proportionable Cess, according to the 9th Article of the Treaty for the Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being a read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Four," and, instead thereof, to insert "Three:"

And the Question being put, That the Word "Four," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do aigree with the Committee in the said Refelution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1716, upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Pensions. Offices, and peffonal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the 9th Article *of the Treaty for the Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be. brought in upon, the said Refb-lution: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lechmere, according to Order, reported, from the Earl of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, com- Attain *r’ monly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and John Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with feme Amendments, agreed uuto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4 U

Supply.

Earl of Strafford’s Impeachment

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

166 Jam

A. ty 15".

Jovtt, 26* die Jantiarii;

Anno 2° Georgii R«gi*, 1715.

in Great tetftdin, iof tho Service of the Year 1716: And

the Cube was received; and read the first time. Re/blved, That the Bill be read' a Second time.

‘ravers.

Sir Outfits Turner, from the Lords Commissionew of Miniate of ____ . the Admiralty, presented to the House a Scheme and N*val , Re'

ORDERED, That the Answer of Thomas Earl of Estimate of the Charge of the Works to be done to the pai"’

rrf to die Artides^ of Imp^ment eahMed Ships, Docks, Storehouses, §c. at the several Yards, in " ' ' ’’ ’ the Year 1716; with the time when each may be com-

dgfcftff him, by this House, for High Crimes and Milde m&thorSi be read upon Saturday Morning next

fdt.ffyrer, according to Order, presented to the House i BfHT for granting an Aid to Ins Majesty, by a Land Tax

pleted;

And the Title thereof Was read.

And the said Scheme and Estimate are as follows; viz.

Navy Office, A SCHEME and ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works proposed to be carried on 12th January 1715. at his Majesty s several Yards, to those Strips that are already in hand, and such as may be

taken in band this Year; with the Nature of their Repairs; and the Time for beginning and completing each Ship, and their Sea Stores to an Eight Months Proportion, according to the present view of Aftairs, and the best Judgment that can be made of their Condition; as likewise, for completing ^he Stores of those Ships that are already repaired; together with such extraordinary Works, at the Yards, as are judged necessary to be performed the ensuing Year.

mJMUa

Place where.

Deptford

2

4

6

4

5 4

3

4

Ship* Names.

Baifour -Rochester Speedwell Dover Gosport -Salisbury -Torbay -Medway -

Nature of their Repairs.

Rebuilding Rebuilding Rebuilding Small - -Great - -Great - -Rebuilding Rebuilding

Time when to be

Taken in hand.

In hand - -In hand - -

In hand - -Next Month -Next Month -May next May next June next

Rebuilding the old Storehouse fronting the River.

Completed.

4

Bomb

4

5 4

3

4

Panther -Dartmouth Sortings -Milford -Britannia Newcastle Furnace -Centurion Folkstone -Weymouth Revenge -Guernsey -

Rebuilding -Rebuilding - -

Great - - - -Middling - - -Rebuilding - -Small - -

Small - -

Small - - - -Great - - Not yet surveyed Rebuilding - -

Rebuilding - -

In hand - -In hand - -

In hand - -

In hand - February next This Month -Next Month -March next -May next When cleared August next -April h»xt

May next. Next Month. Next Month. May next. July next. Uncertain. Uncertain. Uncertain.

March next. May next. This Month. This Month. Uncertain. March next. Next Month. 'May next August next. Uncertain. Uncertain. Uncertain.

Woolwich -1

To build a Brick Wharf and Wall, from the Head of the Mafbhouse Slip to the Extent of the Mast-pond; to be 160 Foot in Length, and 34 Foot deep; the old Wharf being decayed; with the Return of a wooden Fence:

To build Two new Brick Houses, against the Wall of the Yard next the Clerk of the Surveys Lodgings; viz. one for the Matter Shipwright’s Afliflnnt, who lives out of the Yard, for which his Majesty pays an annual Rent; and the other for the Surgeon, whose present Lodgings are very much decayed:

To build a new Rigging-house, to join to the new Store-house, and to range against the Wall of the Yard j the old one being decayed, and too small, and standing in an inconvenient Part of the Yard:

To rebuild the Joiner’s Shop, at the End of the Rigging-house, proposed to be built against the said Wall; the old Shop, and all the Sheds between the Smith’s Shop and ihe new Store-house being very much decayed

To build One Mast-house, Top-hoafe, and aBoat-house, and completing the other Mast-houses and Locks, besides the old Materials:

To build Slips to D°.

Chatham -

3 Newark - - - Rebuilding - - In hand - -

4 Norwich - - - , Rebuilding - - In hand - -

Advice - - - Small - - - - March next - -

Anglesea - - - Middling - - - April next - -

3 Rupert - - - Middling - - - In hand -

2 Marlborough Small - - - - This Month - -

Prince - - - Small - - - - Next Month - -

3 Cumberland - - Small - March next - -

Russel - - - - Small - - - - April next - -

Chichester - - Grent - - - - In hand -

Hampton Court - Small - - - - May next - -

Swallow - - Small - - - - July next -

Suffolk - - - Great - - - - October next

Uncertain. Uncertain. April next. June next., April next. Next Month. March next. April next. June next. May next. July next, October next Uncertain.

Chatham

Gao. I.

%S° Jammrii.

35*

Place where.

t*

Chatham - -

Sheerness -

- \

Portsmouth - /

Plymouth

Shifts Kamts.

ef their Repairs.

Time when to be

Taken in hand.

Completed.

The oW tingle Bftefc, being vety much decayed, to be all new, and to be lengthened 20 Foot forttaitl: The Bottom to be ftuik ift Inches afore, and id Inoliea Abaft: And die Apron-wharf to be Beet wider, for receiving a Fitft Rate Ship;

To mate a Daan to keep foe Water out;

To make a new Anchor-wharf, the old being decayed; to stand 3d Foot further into the River for gaining a Depth of Water for Voxels to come to the Wharf, and making Efficient Room to* lay Anchor^ both which are ranch wanted; to be 963 Foot long (with Returns, and 18 Foo deep; to bebuik with Bridej and for filling it with Chalk;

The Saw-house and Rigging-loft being very much decayed, to put a new one upi with a Sail-loft over the Rigging-loft, which is much wanted; to be 183 Foot in Length, and 30 Foot in Breadth: To buildSix boarded Sheds, to lay Long-boat* in, to prefeTve foam from the Weather, joining to the old ones at foe First new Mast-dock; to be 90 Foot in Front, and 30 Foot back:

Two new Mast-houses, to lay Yards and Top-inafts in that are brought ashore from the Ship3; to be built by the Sides of foe Mast-docks; to be 100 Foot in Length, and 20 Foot in Breadth each, and 10 Foot poll:

To take down the Brick Head of the tarred Yam-house, and lengthen it 30 Foot; and to carry up the Walls to answer the old Work, to make more Room; which will be of very great Advantage to the Service, being very much wanted.

This Month.

Next Month.

April next.

July next.

Next Month.

March next May next June next.

September next.

May next Augtiji next.

October next.

Uncertain.

Uncertain.

Uncertain.

mm w wv mm mm w »v mwwvtemw w

To complete the Ten new Mast-houses:

To build a new Top-house 60 Foot long, and 20 Foot high, to the Plate:

To build Two new Houses, with Wash and Brew-house, oft the Mead, for the Clerk of foe Cheque, and Store-keeper; their present Dwelling-houses being old and decayed, and stand very much in foe Way of foe new Works of the Yard:

To complete foe Anchor-wharf;

To take down foe Commissione/a Coach-house and Stables, and the Officers Stables, to inlarge foe Passage into foe Mead; and rebuilding them with Part of the old Materials, clear of the working Part of foe Yard.

Next Month.

March next.

July next.

October next.

Uncertain.

Uncertain.

4 Southampton - - Small - - - - In hand -

5 Wincheljba - - Great - - - - In hand -

Loot - - - - Small - - - - March next - -

Portsmouth - - Small - - - - May next - -

To build a Store-house to foe Graving-dock. bf laying apart the Stores of the Ships in

3 Boyn - - - - Great - - - - In hand -

4 Ruby - - - - Great - - - - In hand -

2 Blenheim - - - Great - - - - In hand -

4 Mountague - - Rebuilding - - In hand -

3 Monmouth - - Middling - - Next Month - -

5 Mermaid - - - Middling - March next - -

Shcermjh - - Middling - - - May next - -

4 Brifioi - ' Middling - - - May next - -

Nonfitch - - - Middling - - June next - -

1 Royal fVdkmt - Rebuilding - - In hand -

4 Kingston - - - Rebuilding - - July next -

4 Jerfiy- - - - Great - - - - In hand -

Superbe - - - Great - - - - Next Month - -

5 Saphire - - - Small - April next - -

4 Dunkirk - - - Middling - - - July next - -

St. Albans - - Great - - - - October next - -

Winchqfier - - Rebuilding - - This Month -

To

Dam to D*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge.

For carrying on the Works of the find Ships -

Fbt completing the Rigging-ground, Tackle, and Stores, to an Eight Months Proportion of such of the> laid Ships as ate pfoposed to be fiftished this Year - - - - )

For completing the Rigging-ground, Tackle, and Stores, to an Eight Months Proportion of the Ships') which are already repaired - - - - -)

For extraordinary Budding* judged aecessary to be performed at foe fever&l Yards, as before recited

122,101

48,117

35,6°$

24,800

Cka. Wager,

Ja. Jcworth, Cka. Sergijon, R. Burton,

Total - - - £.*30,623

D. LyddaU,

Cha. Cornwall, J. F.awleT.

Ordered, That the said Scheme and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 18.

An ingrossed Bill to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray, Esquire, commonly called Marquis oiTullibar-dine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond,

Esquire,

Earl of Mar's, See. Attainder.

Earl of Winston's Impeachment.

Committees.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

St. James’s Land Tax Deficiency.

351 26* — 27

Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason, was read the Third time.

The Amendmdhts following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

L. 24. Alter " them," to insert " shall

L. 26. After " them," to insert " shall,

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Lechmere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, to whom the Answer of George Earl of Winton to the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason exhibited against him by this House is referred, do consider of a Replication to be made thereunto; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 27 0 die

v Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Praye its.

ABIL Lfor granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of die Year 1716, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Commissioners for railing Money by a Land Tax, who acted as such within the Palaces of Whitehall and St. James's,in the Year 1706, 1707, 1708, 1709, and 1710, or feme of those Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Year 1705, the said Palaces, which had formerly paid only the Sum of 10,686/. 5$. 4 d.to the 1 It. 2d, and 3d, Four Shillings Aid, were then charged with the further Sum of 20,068/. os. 11 d.amounting in the Whole to 30,754/. 6s. 3d.: That her late Majesty, considering the indigent Condition of a great Part of her Family, and of those who received Pensions from her, was pleased to declare lhe would pay Part of the said Tax: That the late Earl of Godolphin, then Lord High Treasurer, by Order from her laid late Majesty, directed the said Commissioners to consider what the Family was in a Condition to raise; telling them, That he would then receive her Majesty’s further Pleasure: That the said Commissioners, pursuant to those Directions, caused a new Assessment to be made, which amounted to the Sum of 19,403 /. 8 s. o and laid the same before the said Earl of Godolphin; who, feme time after, acquainted them, by Order from her Majesty, That her Majesty would supply the yearly Deficiency of 11,350/. 18 s. 3 d.;and that the said Commissioners were to pro-

ceed in making the Assessments accordingly: That her said late Majesty, according to her gracious Promise, was pleased, in the Year 1711, to pay the Sum of 21,000 /. and, in the Year 1714, to order a Warrant to be drawn for the remaining Part of the Deficiency, viz. the Sum of 47,105 /. 9$. 6d.; but lhe died before the same was per-

Januarii. A. 1715.

fefted: That the Petitioners, having been several times threatened with Process for the said deficient Sum of 47,1051. 9 s.6d. have endeavoured to raise the same by Re-assessments; but many of the Persons liable to such Re-assessments being dead, or removed from their Employments, and gone to distant Habitations, or become insolvent: And praying to give such Relief therein as to this honourable House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great for the Service of the Year 1716, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That Answer t* their Address, of the Twenty-third Instant, had been pre- A<*dref». fented to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to consent, that the Two Third Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Leases, and Farms, of all and every Person or Persons, who is, or arc, or shall be, a Popish Recusant, or Popish Recusants, convict, which, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force, are, or may be, seized, or taken into his Majesty’s Hands, for such Reculancy, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, may be raised, levied, and applied, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for suppressing the present unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he does consent to what this House desires of his Majesty.

A Petition of Joseph Quilter, John Ellison, John Key, Fees ,pon and Andrew Vergez, in behalf of themselves, and great Lottery Or-Numbers of other Persons, both Natives and Foreigners, ders* concerned in the several Lotteries, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Lotteries, it is Enacted, That, to encourage Persons to advance their Money, no Fee or Reward shall be taken, directly or indirectly, of any Adventurer in the said Lotteries, by any Officer of the Exchequer, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, but that the Crown shall satisfy all Persons any-ways employed therein out of the Money granted by Parliament; notwithstanding which, your Petitioners have been obliged to pay Fees to the Auditors of the Imprefts, before they could receive, out of his Majesty’s Exchequer, what was due upon several Lottery Orders, as the Petitioners are ready to make appear: That, in particular, the Petitioner Joseph Quilter, being impowered by one Robert Smethberd to receive Six Shillings, being Half a Year’s Interest due to the said Smethberd on a Ten Pound Lottery Order, the Petitioner was obliged to pay Three Shillings and Three Pence Half-peny at the Office of Mr. Auditor Foley, on the 3d . of December last, before the Petitioner could receive the said Six Shillings at the Exchequer; which said Sum was demanded of the said Quilter, as a’ Fee due to the Auditor, by the said Auditor’s Officers: That the Petitioner John Ellison being appointed Executor to Martha Taylour, and Guardian to Four Orphans, the Children of the said Taylour, and being, by her last Will, impowered to receive the Interest of One Lottery Order for the Use of the said Four Orphans, the Petitioner was obliged to pay Three Shillings and Four Pence, the Money of the said Orphans, on the 9th of November last, at the Office of Mr. Auditor Harley, before-the Petitioner could receive any interest at the Exchequer due to the said Orphans on the said Lottery Orders; which Sum was demanded, as the Auditor's Fee, by the Officers of the said Mr Harley:That the Petitioner John Key was obliged to pay, on the 10th of December last, at the Office of Mr. Auditor Harley, 3 4 for

entering an Assignment of the Interest of a Ten Pound Lottery Order; which said Sum was demanded of him the said Key, as the Auditor’s Fee; by the said Auditor’s Officers: That the Petitioner; Andrew. Vergez, being concerned for several foreign Protestants in advancing Money,

23 pursuant

iGso.I. 47' — 48°

pursuant to several Acts of Farliatnent, for carrying on the War against France; and being afterwards employed by them to receive the Interest due on several Lottery Orders, and sometimes to moke Afllgtiments of Orders; the Petitioner has been often obliged to pay Fees in the Offices of both the Auditors of the Imprefts, on account of receiving the said Interest, and making the said Alignments; in particular, of the Office of Mr. the

Petitioner paid Three Pounds at one time, on the 13th Day of August 1712, for the Auditor’s Fees, about feme Lottery Orders; That the Auditor’s Deputy, and his other Officers, demanded sometimes Three Shillings and Four Pence, sometimes Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and sometimes Ten Shillings, for entering a lingle Instrument relating to the Lotteries; and, although the Petitioner complained frequently of so hard Usage, he could get no Redress; except that at one time, after a very great deal of Trouble to the Petitioner, Mr. Harleys Deputy did take Six Shillings and Eight Pence, instead of Ten Shillings; which he insisted upon for several Days together: That the said Auditors have not only obliged the Petitioners to pay Fees on the Accounts before-mentioned, but likewise many Thousands of Persons besides, both Natives and Foreigners; and still continue daily lb to do: All which Practices of the said Auditors, the Petitioners are advised, are not only direCUy contrary to several Acts of Parliament, and to the Prejudice of the Parties concerned: And praying to take the same into your serious Consideration, that a speedy Stop may be put to the said Practices, as to your great Wisdom shall leem most meet.

To which Mr. Harley and Mr. , the said Auditors, were severally heard in their Places.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor theVeas,^rr^)f",>. ] 105.

Tellers for the Noes] "9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Earl of Ordered, That such Members of the Committee of Winton’t Secrecy, to whom the Artfwer of the Earl of Winton is

ment^k" referred, as are Justices of the Peace for the County of

Midillcfex, be impowered to examine, in the most solemn manner, such Persons as shall be judged necessary to be produced as Evidence at the Tryal of the said Earl.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Six Thousand Men, taken into his Majesty’s Service from the States General of the United Provinces, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Scheme, and Estimate, of the Charge of the Works to be done to the Ships, Docks, Store-houses, 8$c. at the several Yards, in the Year 1716, with the Time when each may be completed, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Voi. 18.

JaHuarii. 353

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to-his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Lloufe will, upon Monday Seven- \yav, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 28° die Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Pulteney acquainted the House, That he was Dutch

commanded by his Majesty to lay before this Troops. House, a Copy of the Treaty, made by Mr. Cadogan, with the States General, for a Body of Six thousand Men, taken into his Majesty's Service; with a Translation thereof:

And he presented the same to the House accordingly:

And the said Translation was read; and is as follows;

viz.

Treaty made between Mr. Cadogan, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of his Britannick Majesty, and Monsieur Geldermalfen, authorized for this Purpose by their Highnesses the Council of State of the United Provinces, according to the Resolution of the 30th Day of October 1715, concerning the Body of Six thousand Men, which their High and Mighti-nesses the States General fend into England.

-Art. I.

THAT such Part of the said Six thousand Men as do conlift of the National Troops of the States, shall be paid by his Britannick Majesty upon the same Foot with the British Troops; and the Swiss, according to their Ca-itulation made with their High and Mightinesse the tdtes General; and the said Troops shall enjoy the same Advantages, with regard to the Delivery of Bread, Forage, Tents, Waggons, Quarters, Hospitals, Recruiting-money, and other Benefits, as the National Troops

enjoy, and such as the Troops of their High and Mighti-nesses which served formerly in England did enjoy.

Art. II.

The Pay shall begin from the Day the Troops embark; and shall continue to the Day of their Landing in such Port as their High and Mightinesses shall please to appoint: Provided always, That the Forces which come to supply the Place of the said Six thousand Men, shall no longer be chargeable to their High and Mightinesse than from the Day on which this Body of Six thousand Men shall be embarked, to the Day on which they land.

Art. III.

His Britannick Majesty shall cause Two Months full Pay to be advanced to the said Troops, or so much left as shall be thought for the Good of the Troops: The same Advance shall be made to the General Officers, and others, that go over With the said Body; a List whereof is annexed at the End of this Treaty: And whereas several Non-commissioned Officers are wanting to this Body of Troops, besides One Serjeant, and OneDrum, to eachCom-pany, who are now to be raised, the Officers shall have an Allowance made, to enable them to bear that Expence.

Art IV.

This Body, with the General Officers, Etat Major, and all others included in the Lift hereunto annexed, shall take the Oaths to be faithful to his Britannick Majesty for the time they shall remain in his Service.

Art V.

The military Employments which shall become vacant^ in the said Body of Troops, whilst it is in the Pay of his Britannick Majesty, shall be filled up by their High and Mightinesse, or by the Provinces who have a Right to the fame.

4 X Art.

Dutch

'Troops*

28° Januard.' 1715-'

Art. VI.

The said Body shall have their own separate and parti* cylar Court Martial; and shall not be liable to be tried by any other.

Art. VII.

This Body, as well in Quarters as in the Field, shall not be divided, but when the Necessity of the King’s Affaifs, and the Service of the War, fha.Il require; and, in case they are separated, the said Regiments shall be quartered as near one another as possible: This to be done after having advised with, and taken the Opinion of, the General of the said Troops hereupon.

Art. VIII.

The Orders for the said Troops shall always be directed to the General of the States who commands them, at least as much as the Service of the War will permit.

Art. IX.

This Body shall be provisionally in the Service of his Britannick Majesty for the Space of Six Months, unless his Majesty should not have Occasion for them so long; when his Majesty shall be at Liberty to lend them back sooner; provided Notice thereof be given their High and Mightinefies a Month before hand; and the States General shall be at Liberty to recall the said Body of Troops sooner, if they should have need of them, for their own Defence against any foreign Enemies; in which same his Britannick Majesty shall be at Liberty to recall likewise the Body of Troops which he has caused to march fronj Germany, to supply their Place.

Lift of Officers, and their Employments.

A Lieutenant General:

One Major General:

Three Brigadiers General:

One Lieutenant Quarter-matter General:

Three Aid-de-Camps:

Three Majors of Brigade:

One Auditor:

One Lieutenant Waghemaitre General:

Fifty Companies of Foot, conliftiqg of Fifty Men each:

Five Etats Major and Sous Etats Major of Regiments: One Regiment of dismounted Dragoons, of Eight Companies, each confiding of Sixty-seven private Men: One Etat Major:

Twenty-eight Swiss Companies, of 150 Men in each, at f.2,401: 8: 11 per Month - 48,028: 18;

Two Etats Majors, at f. 1,549:7:6: - 3,098: 15:

One Demi Etat Major of Slur la's Regiment: ----- 470:

One Demi Etat Major of May's Regiment: ----- 545:

Two Chaplains:

One Physician:

One Surgeon General, and Two Servants:

Two Commifiarics:

One Lieutenant Prcvot, with his Servants.

Concluded at Antwerp, this 14th November 1715’

Win. Cadogan. Adr. Van

M.

Mr. Farrcr, according to Order1, reported from the ' Supply, Committee of the whole House, who were to confides further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ' at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-six thousand Thirty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of Six thousand Men taken into his Majesty s Service from the States General of the United Provinces; and for the Charge of the General Officers belonging to the lame; for One'

Year.

The laid Relblulion being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-six thousand Thirty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of Six thousand Men, taken into his Majesty's Service from the States General of the United Provinces; and for the Charge of the General Officers belonging to the fame; for One Year.

Ordered, That John Bayntunand Joh)i Norris Chippenham Esquires, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, com- Election. plainining of an undue Election for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-' Fewof rs*-dress be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gra- Iic ciously plealed to give the strictest Orders to all Persons, in all Offices whatsoever, claiming or taking any Fees upon Account of their Offices, to set up in foine publick Place of the said Offices (to which every body may have free Accel’s) an exact Table of all Fees due to them, or demanded or taken by them; and that no Person wlmtfo-ever shall take any more than their ancient, just, and legal Fees, upon pain of being removed from their Offices, and' prosecuted with the ntmost Severity.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Pidteney presented to the House an Account of Unprovided several Expences incurred for the Service of his Majesty’s kerviccfc, Land Forces, for the Vear 1715, and not provided for by Parliament: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of loveral extraordinary Expences, relating to his Majesty s Land Forces, for the Year 1716:

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as follow; viz.

Aw

a Geo'. I. i8b Jamhrii. *353

An ACCOUNT of several Expences incurred for the Service of his Majesty*9 Land Forces, in the Year 1715*

not provided for by Parliament

For the Pay of 10 Men added to each Troop of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for 61 Days, from the 25th October 1715, to the 24th December following,

inclusive, at 11/. 5 s.0 d.per diem General Lumley's ditto ‘

Lord Windfors ditto, at 7/. 10 per diem - For the Pay of Colonel Pitt's Regiment from the 21 ft of July 1715, to the Day it was removed from Ireland, to the 24® October following, inclusive, being 96 Days, at 45/. 9.?. 8 d.per diem - 4,366 8 —

For their Pay from the 25® October to the 24th December, being 61 Days; with

an Addition of 1 o Men to each Troop, at 52/. 19s. 8d. per diem - - 3,231 19 8

For the Pay of 10 additional Men to each Troop of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, for 61 Days, from the 25ill October 1715,-at 4/. 10s. a Day His Majesty’s own Regiment of Dragoons, ditto -Earl of Portmore's, ditto -

Earl of Stairs, ditto - -

Colonel Kerrs, ditto -

Major General Peppers, ditto -Brigadier Dormer's, ditto -

Sir Robert Rich's, ditto -

Colonel Stanhopes ditto -

Brigadier Bowless, ditto -Brigadier Honywood's, ditto

Major General Wynn's, ditto

Bigadier Mundehs, ditto

Brigadier Gore's, ditto - - 1 -

Colonel Tyrrell's, ditto -

Colonel Churchill's, dhto -

Colonel Molesworth's, ditto -

Colonel Newton's, ditto ----- For the Pay of Major General Evans's Regiment, from the 13® October, the Day it was removed, from Ireland, to the 24th o f the said Month, being £. s. d. 12 Days, at 30/. 12s. 2 d.per diem - 367 6 — For their Pay from the 25® of October to the 24® of December following, inch being 61 Days; with an Addition of 10 Men to each Troop, at 35 2 id. per diem - - - - 2,141 12 —

For the Pay of an Adjutant, One Serjeant, One Corporal, and 30 private Men, to each Company of the First Regiment of Foot Guards, from the 26® September 1715 to 24® December following, being 90 Days, at 38/. 14s. -

Coldstream Regiment of Guards, ditto, at 24/. lgs. Third Regiment of Guards, ditto -The Pay of Two additional Companies, and 10 Corporals, 10 Drums, and 10 additional Men, to each of the 1 o Companies of Colonel Kirk's Regiment, to complete them to 5° Men in each, with a Quarter-master, in lieu of the Drum-major, for the same time, at 10/. 9 s.2d. per diem - -

Lieutenant General Seymour's Regiment, ditto Colonel Handafyds, ditto, -

Brigadier St armies, ditto,

Sir Charles Hotham's, ditto, - -

Colonel Duboargay's, ditto -

Brigadier Grant's, ditto -

Colonel Rudleigh's, ditto -

Vol. 18.

Pay to the 240 December. Levy-Money, TOTAL.

d. £. s. d. £, s. d.

686 5 — 1,800

686 5 — 1,800 — —

457 10 — 1,200

7,598 7 8 N. 1,200

9,428 7 8 6>oooo — — 15,428 7

274 10 — 900 '

274 10 — 9°o

274 10. — 900

274 10 — 900

274 10 — goo

274 10 — 900

274 10 — 900

274 10 — 900

274 10 — 9°o

274 10 — 9oo -

274 10 — 900

274 10 — 900 c

274 10 — goo

274 10 — - 900.

274 10 — 9°o

274 10 — 900 — —

274 10 — g0o — —

274 10 — 900 — — r

*,508 18 2 900

7,449 18 2 17,100 34,549 8 a

m 1- a 39>978 5 10

3,483 1 1,680

2,245 10 — 1,080 v

2,245 IO — 1,080

9

94i 5 — 392

94i 5 — 392

94i 5 — 392

94» 5 — 392

94i 5 — 392

94i 5 — 392

94i 5 ~ 392

941 5 — 392

Colonel

*8° Januarii.

A. 1715-

Pay to 24* December. Levy-Money-.

941 5 — 392

941 5 — 392

378 210 — * —

546 322

242 13 4 344 — -

Colonel Pocock's, ditto -

Colonel hidas's, ditto -

For the Pay of wadditional Corporals, and 108 private Meti, to Colonel Harriforis Regiment, for the same time, at 4I. 45 per diem

For the Pay of 12 additional Corporals, and 164 private Men, to Brigadier Grove's Regiihent, for the same time, at 6/. 1$. 4d\ per die - For the Pay of 12 additional Corporals, and’163 private Men, with an Addition of 8 per Day to the Quarter-master, to complete Brigadier St ear tie's Regiment to 50 Men in each Company, from' 15® November to 24* December, both inch being 40 Days, at 61. d. per diem -

For the Pay of Major General Sabine's Regiment, from 31st August, the Day it came from Ireland, to 2,5® September following, inch being 26 Days, at 26/. 7 6d. per diem - - - 685 15 —

For their Pay froth 2d0 Septe, the Day they tfere augmented to 12 Cdm-panies, of 50 private ^len in each, to 240 December following, being qo Devs, at 38/. 4s- io</. - 3,441 15 —

For the Pay of Colonel Fane Regiment, from the 4th September 1715,the Day it was removed from Ireland, to the 2.5th ditto, inch being 22 Days, at 26/. 7 6d. per diem - - - - ,£.580 5 —

For their Pay front 26° September, when they were augmented to 12 Companies, of 50 private Men in each, to 24* December following, at 38/. 4s.

10 d. - - - - 4 3,441 15 —

For the Pay of Brigadier Prestons Regiment, from 5 September 1715, the Day it was removed from Ireland, tb 25° ditto, inch being 21 Days, At 26/. 7 per diem - - - 553 17 6

For their Pay from 26® September, vVhen they were augmented to fa Comparties, of 50 private Mien in each, to 24* cember following, at 38/. 4>\ 1 3,441 15 —

For the Pay of Major General JVightman's Regiment, from the 8® of October, the Day it was removed from Ireland, to 24® ditto, inch being 17 Days, at 2 7 s. 6d.448 7 6 For their Pay frohti 25® OBoWhen they were augindnted to 10 Compafties, of 50 private Men in each, to 24® December following, at 3 -/.5s. 6d. per diem ----- 1,968 15 6

For the Pay of brigadier Mertyfons Regiment, from iff October, the Day it was removed from Ireland, to 24* ditto, inch being Five Days, at 2 6d. per

diem - - - - £ 131 17 6

For their Pay from 25* October, when they were augmented to 10 Companies of 50 private Men in each, to the 24® December, inch being 61 Days-,

at 32/. 5s. 6d. - 1,968 15 6

Colonel Clayton's Regiment, the lille For the Pay of Colonel Edger t Regiment, from 25® October, the DAy they came from Ireland, upon this Establishment, And- were augmented to 10 Companies, of 50 Men in eaeh, to the 24® December following, inch being 61 Days, at 32/. 5 6d. per diem For the Pay of the Fai l of Forfar's Regiment, from the 1 oth August, the Day it was removed from Ireland, to 24® ditto, being 15 DAys, at 2 7 6d.

per diem ... . 395 12 6

4,127 10

4,022 -

3,995 12 6

55 2 —

552-----

552 -

2,417 3 —

2.100 13 —

2.100 13 —

1,968 15 6

360-----

360

360

360

TOTAL.

For

a Geo. I.

28s Januarii.

357

For their Pay from 25® August, when ' they were augmented to 12 Companies, of 50 private Men in each, to 24® December, incl. being 122 Days, at 38/. 4*. 10 d.-

- 4,665 9 8

For the Pay of Colonel Montague's Regiment, from 12 August, the Day it was removed from Ireland, to 24® ditto, being 13 Days, at 26/. 7 6d. per

diem ----- 342 17 6

For their Pay from 25® August, when they were augmented to 12 Companies, of 50 private Men in each, to 24° December, incl. being 122 Days,

at 38/. 4$. 10 d. - - - - 4,665 9 8

For the Pay of the Earl of Orrery's Regiment, from the 17th August, the Day it was removed from Ireland, to the 24* ditto, incl. being Eight Days, at 26/. 7 6d.

per diem - - - 211-----

For their Pay from the 25® August, when they were augmented to 12 Companies, of 50 private Men each, to 24* December, incl. being 122 Days, at 38/. 4 10 d.per Diem - 4,665 9 8

For the Pay of Two additional Companies, and One additional Corporal, One Drum, and 10 private Men, to each of the 10 Companies of Lord Irrviris Regiment, to complete them to 50 private Men in each Company, with a Quarter-master, in lieu of the Drum-major, at 10/. 95. id. per Diem, for 12a Days, from 25® August 1715 -

For the Pay of Two additional Companies, to 10 Corporals, 10 Drums, and 140 private Men, with a Quarter-master, in lieu of a Drum-major, to complete Lord Shannons Regiment to 12 Companies, of 50 Men in each, for the same time, at 11/. 155. 10c?. a Day For the Pay of three additional Serjeants, Three Corporals, Three Drums, and 87 private Men, to the Three Independent Companies in North Britain, for the same time, at 3/. 8$. 6 a Day -

rFor the Augmentation of Pay to the 12 old Companies of Invalids to full Pay, to the Commission Officers, and full Subsistence to die Non Commission Officers and private Men, from the 25* August 1715, to the 24th December following, inclusive, being 122 Days, at 9/.

Invalids. / For the Pay of Four new Companies of Invalids, for the same time, formed to do Duty at Plymouth, Falmouth, and Pen-dermis, at 9/. 9-y. 4 per Day For the Pay of 12 new Companies of Invalids, formed to do Duty at and

Sheerness, from 4th August to the same time, being 143 Days, at 29/. 85. per diem

the Troops, Fire and Candle for several Guards, in their Quarters, Charges of the Encampment, SCc.

For the Pay of Lieutenant General Carpenter, from the 14® October 1715, the Day he was ordered upon Command, to 24° December following, being 72 Days, at 4 I.a Day - . - For the Pay of his Aid-de-Camp, for ditto time, at 10/h. a Day -

For the Pay of Lieutenant General Wills, from ‘ October 1715, to 24® Dece following, being 55 Days, at il. a Day -

Vol. 18.

Pay to 24 December. Levy-money.

£.s. d. £. s. d.

5,061 2 2 552

5,oo8 7 2 552

4,876 9 8 552

1,275 18 4 392

1,438 11 8 472

417 17 — 174

57,363 16 4 14,426

1,152 18 —

1,154 18 8

4,204 4 "

I 1 1 OO OO C* 1 tm

36

110

TOTAL

71,789 16 4

111,768 2 2

6,512 — 8 25,000 — —

1

For

Earl of Winton'g Impeachment.

*8* yOhiOtii.

A 1715.

For the Pay of his Aid-de-Camp, for ditto time, at 10 a Day - For the Pay of Major General Wade, from the 8th October 1715, to the 24th December following, being 78 Days, at o.i. a Day

For the Pay of his Aid-de-Camp, for dUto time, at 1 a Day -

To the Earl of Sutherland, on Accourit of his Majesty’d Service in North Britain -

For Forage for the Troops in North Britain, being 3,413 Horles, according to the Estimate of the General Officers, in their Report to the Duke of Argyle, from 10th to the 25* Day of December 1715, being

15 Days, at lojrf. feach Horse per didm -

In Part whereof to be deducted from the Pay of the Troops, Six Pence per diem each Horse -

For the Subsistence of the Rebels takeii Prisonere at Preston; and for the Pay of the Comniiflary General and Officers, to take care of the said Prisoners ——

Pay to 24th December.

J&. #.v d.

471® * —

t66 ~

39 —

of

8,339 *3 7*

1,279 17 6

TOTAL.

* eh

656 10 — 1,000 — - —

Total - -

Towards thd above Sum may be applied.

The Pay of the 13 llegiments of Dragoons, Eight Regitaents of Foot, and Four additional Companies to the Coldstream Regimfent of Guards, from the 25th of 1715, to

the 20th July 1716- ——

Remains to be provided for - - £.

Wtn. Pultenerp u

An ESTI MATE of the Charge of several extraordinary Expdttfcds, felating to his Majesty’s

the Year l?i6.

On Account, for Forhge for the Forces employed in North BHttlln, from the 45" of Diceniber 1715, to the last of May 1716, over and above what is borne by thfe Troops -

For Provisions for the Garrison of Gibraltar -

On Account, for Pay and Contingencies for thfe COhrtmiflhry Gefleral of Br§ad and Forage ift North Britain -t ——

On Account of Subsistence for the Rebels taken at Prestdn, and for the AllbWHnte tb the Officers to take care of them - - - _ L -

For the Pay of Four additional Mates to his Majesty’s Regitifoht Of Foot Guhtde, frotft thfc 25th of December 1715, ro the 24th bf Dektmfaer 1716 - - - ~ *> -

On Account for the Sbpport of the Royal Hospital at Chdfjkd, ihd the Oilt Pentiorters belonging the reunto - k -

939 18 it

1,019 10 6 146,916 1 7

32»$63 9 6

14,352 12 14-

Land Forces, for

£ d,

26,o6t> -

44,829 5 5

1,660 -

2,600 -

183 -

46,600 — —

Wr/i. Pudency. Total - £. ti$,oi2 5 5

Ordered TWt the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee of Secrecy, to whom the Ahfwer of George Earl of Winton was referred, That they had considered the Answer of the said Earl to the Articles bf Impeachment olf High Treason exhibited by this House against him; and that they had also considered of a Replication to be made to the said Answer; which they had’directed him to repbrt to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Replication agreed urito by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do go up to the Bar of the House of Lords, hnd make a Replication to the Answer of the Earl of IVhton, to the Effect following; viz.

Mv Lords,

THE Commons halve considered the Answer of George Earl *Sf Whif&nlb ^he Impeachment 'exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Butgefies, assembled in Parliament; and do aver their Charge against the said George Earl of Wintdn for High Treason to be true; and that the said Earl of Winton is guilty of the High TrfeWon, in such manner as hfe Hands impeachdd: And that the Commons will be rdady to prove their -Charge against him, at such convenient time as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Mr. Hampden reported, That he had, ‘at-the Btfr of the

House of Lords, made the Replication, directed by the House, to the Answer of George Earl of Winton.

The Artfoerof the Earl of StratfbrdXo the Articles of Earl of Ithpeiohmetit for High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhi- Strafford’, bifod against him by this House, Was, according to Order, read; and is as follows; viJs. men

The Answer of -Thomas Earl of Strqford to the Articles exhibited say the Knights, Citfeens, and B*lreeffe$, in Parliament nfiembled, in the Name of themselves, end of all the Commons of Great Britain, in Maintenance of the Impeachment against him for High Crimes and -Mifoemeanoto fappofod to have been by - him committed.

THE laid Earl, faring to himself all Advantages of Except ion to the -laid -Articles -for die Uncertainty and Infumcidticy thereof, and of not being prejudiced by ary Words, or Want of Fetm, in this tog Answer; -and also favfog^to hitfiself all Right) and Privileges -belonging to him as One of the Peers of this Realm; to Atifwtor to the said Articles* admits, That-divers Treaties aid Advances were eirteredkitoby-the Crt>wtYof Great Brkuin'mtb. the several Potentates -mentioned to the Preamble-to -the said Articles; but, for more Certainty as to the Contents thereof the fold Earl Refers to the fold TrOtfttes 4hel rhelvea; and, with the utmost Deferenceto the Memory of to$ late ItoyalMa&erKi^#5iZfof!MheTifori, ddthacbaowle{*e the at Wiftlom of that, glorious Prince, -who, -fey the Grand iance, formed a noble Design of settling a due Balance of Power in Europe; but humbly begs Leave to observe,

25 That

2 Geo. I. 28* Janua. 350

That the Affront offered by France, in acknowteging the Pretender King of Great Britain, though justly mentioned

by her late Majesty Queen Anne, of ever bieffed Memory, as one Cause of the War, which, in May 1702, was by her declared against France and Spam, could not be any In* ducement to the forming the Grand Alliance, as is fug-gefted in the Preamble to the said Articles; being subsequent to it, as most evidently appears; inasmuch as that Alliance was not only formed, but concluded and signed at the Hague, during the Life-time of die late King James the Second: And the said Earl admits, That the Emperor, and the States General, did also, about May 170s, declare War against France and Spain; and that other Kings, Princes, and States, of Eur&pe, loon after became Parties to the said Confederate War; which having been carried on, for many Years, at a vast Expence of Blood and Treasure, her said late Majesty, out of her tender Regard for the Good of her People, and from a sincere and real Design to prevent the further Effusion of Blood, and to ease her Subjects from the heavy Burthen of Taxes, which they had so long endured, did hearken to Overtures of Peace from France, after former Negotiations had been rendered fruitless, and give Instructions to the then Lord Privy Seal, now Bishop of London, and him the said Earl, to treat thereof at Utrecht, in Conjunction with the Ministers of her Allies, in order to bring the same to an happy Conclusion; and among such Instructions, several Clauses were interspersed to the Eflfeft in the said Preamble set forth; but, for more Certainty, refers to his original Instructions; which, together with all his other Papers relating to his Negotiations in the Low Countries, were taken from him in the Beginning of January left, and, he supposes, may continue in the Hands of One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State: But the said Earl is t otally ignorant of any treacherous Correspondence with the Emiflrtries of France, or of any private or de-struftive Negotiation of Peace set on foot with the Intent to weaken, or dissolve, the Confederacy between her feid late Majesty and her Allies; And, for particular Answer to the several Matters wherewith he stands charged in the First Article, the said Earl faith, That, having been employed by his late Majesty King William in the Army, during his whole Reign, and likewise in his Court for several Years next before his Death, and having also had the Honour to be sent as his Majesty’s Minister to the King of Pruffk, he was so happy as to reconcile forne Differences, which had lately aril'en, between those Two Princes; and, upon his Return, received his Royal Matter’s Approbation; her late Majesty Queen Anne, soon after her Accession to the Throne, was pleated to command him to leave his Pott in the Army, and to go again to the said Court of Prujta, in the Year 1702, where he had the of her Ambassador Extraordinary; and continued in that Quality till April 17115 at which time her Majesty thought fit to appoint him her Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General; and, in June following, her Majesty was pleaded to honour him with the Title of One of her Privy Council; «nd, about December, in the same Year, to appoint him One of her Plenipotentiaries to treat, at Utrecht, with the Ministers of France, of a general Peace: And the said Earl thought it his Duty 'not to forople any Danger or Pains for her Service; believing his Zeal therein was the best Evidence he could give of his hearty Affection to 'his Country; and he conllantly did, with the utmost Sincerity, endeavour, according to his Abilities, to pvmitre the true Ends of his Commission, and Powere; to promote the Honour and Safety Of her Majesty, and her Kingdoms; to answer the Engagements the was under to her Allies; and to iectire the common Liberties of Europe: But he must, with the ntmost Detestation and Abhorrence, deny, that he was in the least devoted to the In-teFeft or Service of the French King; or that he ever acted in Defiance'of any of thfe feid Treaties, or of the Advice of Parliament; or of any-Declarations of her Majesty from tire Throne; or of her Assurances to the States General, to act in Concert with them in making Peace, as.

Vox,. 18.

k» making War; or of her Instructions to him under ber Sign Manual: The feid Earl admits. That, as he was a Privy Counsellor, it was his Duty truly to have advised her Majesty in all Matters treated of in Council, whilst he was present; atwi had any thing, so treated of, appeared to him to have been to foe Dishonour of her Majesty, or to the Prejudice of her People, the said Earl would not have been wanting to advise against, and, with all Humility, to oppose the same: But, as he was her Majesty’s Ambassador and Plenipotentiary, he looked upon himself as a minifiedal Officer, whose Duty it was to pursue such Instructions as he shoukL from time to time, receive ;(and ftnee be could not doubt, but that all Orders, sent mm by her Majesty’s Diregions, had been first maturely weighed and digested, he humbly apprehends, your Lordships will think it had been too great a Presumption in him, to advise against, or oppose such Orders, which carried not in themselves any apparent Illegality, when he knew not the Springs or Reasons of them; and which, therefore, it became him to believe well warranted, and to have proceeded from just and proper Grounds and Motives: And the said Earl laith, He was so far from advising or exhorting, that any private, separate, dishonourable, or definitive, Negotiation of Peace should be continued, and carried on, between the Ministers of Great Britain and France, without Communication thereof to ber Majesty’s Allies, according to their Treaties; or from being in fir u mental in promoting any such Negotiation, as in the said Article is charged; that he did not know, or believe, that any such Negotiation was entered into: And, for a plain relation of the said Earl’s Proceeding in this Affair, he feith, That, about May 1711, being then her Majesty s Ambassador and Plenipotentiary to the States General, he received, from One of her Principal Secretaries of State, a Paper, supposed to be signed by Monsieur Torcy, containing some Propofols for setting on foot a Negotiation of Peace, with Orders to communicate the same to the Pensionary of Holland, that his Sentiments might be known thereupon; and to allure that Minister, and others of that Uepublick, that the Queen wasrefolved, in making Peace, as in make-ing War, to act in Concert with the States: In pursu-aoce of which Orders, he the said Earl did immediately coimnuuicate the said Propofols to the Penfioaary, and unto Two others of the States General, who had formerly been employed in the Negotiations at Gertrudyenberg, and whom the Penfioaary thought the most proper to be entrusted with that Matter; and they, having conffdered the said Propofols, did pray the said Earl to return her Majesty Thanks, in the Name of the States, for her Confidence in them; declared themselves weary of the War, and ready to join in any Measures her Majesty should think proper for obtaining a good Peace; and that they hoped her Majesty would bring the French to explain more particularly the several Points contained in the above-mentioned Propofols: Of this the said Earl sent an Account to her Majesty’s Secretary of State; and, soon after, received her Commands to repair to England; and, on his Arrival here, acquainted her Majesty with his Proceedings at the Hague; but being, by her gracious Permission, allowed to follow some private Affairs of his -own, he was often in the Country, and so much engaged, that be did not know of any of the Transactions with Monsieur Mefnager, or what was done in relation to the

Explications the States had defined her Majesty to procure (from Franee, upon the Points of Monsieur Torcy’s Propofol, till, m October following, he neoeived Instructions, dated the First of that Month; whereby he was required to return to Holland, and to communicate to the States dome Proportions, which had been signed by the said Mon-fieurA/e/wagerythe 2 7th day of September before, as a foundation for opening the Conferences of Peace with France; which he supposes to be the Instructions intended by those mentioned in the Preambleto the Articles, as dated the 21 ft Day of October; none of that Date appearing amongst the

Copies of his own Papers he has been permitted to take: But the said Earl never few Monsieur Mefnager till lie met

Earl of Strafford’s Impeachment.

Earl of Strafford's Impeachment.

360

28* Janmrii.

him at Utrecht, in January 171 f; nor, during all the time

of the said Minister s Stay in England, was in the least privy to, or made acquainted with, any Transaction between him and any of the Queen’s Ministers: The said Earl, having received his said Instructions, took his Journey for Holland; and, on his Arrival there, in pursuance thereof, imparted to the States General the said Proportions, and what had been communicated to him concerning any Transactions between Great Britain and France; and, at the same time, in further pursuance of his said Instructions, declared to them, That if they did not think those Proportions a sufficient Ground to open the Conferences, but were desirous to carry on the War, her Majesty was willing to concur with them; but could no longer bear that disproportionable Burthen which had been yearly increased on her Subjects; nor that Deficiency her Allies had been guilty of in every Part of the War; and that therefore it was incumbent on them, if the War continued, to furnish such Quotas of Ships, and Forces, for the future, as they had to that time been wanting in: That this was what her Majesty thought ihe might jufUy insist on, that they should comply with her in War, or ip Peace; since, in the former, lhe required nothing but what it belonged to them to perform, and what was necessary to the Succels of their Arms; and since, in the latter, lhe had done, and would continue to do, w hat was in her Power towards obtaining such a Peace as might be to the Satisfaction of her Allies: Soon after this, the States General lent Monsieur Buys to England, as their Plenipotentiary, to confer with her late Majesty s Ministers, and inform himself of the Circumstances of Affairs, and make Report thereof to his Masters; who having continued here some time, and transmitted to Holland an Account of the Pof-ture of Affairs, the States General contented to open the Conferences for Peace, and to invite the other Allies to lend their Ministers to Utrecht, the Place agreed on lor that Purpose; and, in order thereunto, granted Passports for the French Ministers to repair thither: And the said Earl is informed, that, amongst other Transactions by the said Monsieur Buys, whilst in England, he ligned a Treaty with her late Majesty’s Ministers, who were impowered for that Purpose dated the 18th Day of December 1711, O. S. for the carrying on the War, and the Negotiation of Peace, according to the mutual Engagements of former Treaties between England and Holland; which Treaty was ratified by her said late Majesty the Day after it w-as ligned, and was lent to Holland by the then Lord Privy Seal; but the States General, though their Ministers were often called upon, never ratified the fame: And the said Earl admits, That the said Lord Privy Seal, and himself, were appointed to be her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries at the said Congrels at Utrecht; and he can, with great Truth affirm, that he afited, on all Occasions, with the highest and most disinterested Zeal, for procuring a general Peace, for the mutual Advantage of her Majesty’s Subjects, and Allies, in pursuance of the Powers and Instructions received for that Purpose; and is firmly persuadedhis Colleague did the same: The said Earl faith, That every one of the Confederates had their Ministers at Utrecht, w ho all agreed in the Method and Manner of proceeding in the said Negotiation; and had frequent Meetings and Conferences, to that End, among themselves, in order to lay down a general Scheme for their Conduct; and, for the better concerting these Measures, it was thought fit to have Two Conferences a Week with all the Allies, Two with the Dutch apart, and Two with all the Allies with the French; and, in those with the Dutch and the other Allies, what w as to be proposed on the Part of the Allies to the French was always previously settled: In the First general Conference with the French Ministers, they offered either to proceed to the Explanation of the general Points signed by Monsieur (which they acknowleged were binding only to and

not to the Allies), or that each of the Allies should make their Demands: On Deliberation, it was insisted by the Allies, That the Frenchfhould first give in a specifick Plan

of the Offers of the King their Maiter to all and each of

1715.

the Allies; and the French complied to give in such specifick Plan, in case the Allies would promise to return an Answer thereto, containing their several Demands; and, accordingly, the French Ministers did give in such Plan, in Write-ing; and the Allies, in Answer, delivered in their- Demands, also in Writing: The French, having thus given in their Concessions in Writing, and received the Demands of the Allies in like manner, thought fit to propose the entering into Debate upon the several Propositions mutually delivered in, agreeably to the Course of proceeding in former Treaties: But though some of the Allies thought there was no Necessity of infilling very much on any further written Answer; yet others pressed it more vehemently. To which the French replied, That both Sides having already explained themselves in Writing, it was agreeable to the Method of all Negotiations to proceed to debate Matters; and, in such Debates, specifick Anfivers to each Demand of the Allies would occur; and all the Allies agreed in this Principle, That the Method most expeditious and safe, whether by Writing or other wise, was fittest to be followed. Thus having given your Lordships a short Narrative of the Proceedings, which might render his Answers to the several Particulars charged in this Article more intelligible: As to that Part which mentions his frequently concertidg private and fep irate Measures with the Ministers of France, the said Earl doth acknowlege, that, when the settling any particular Interest of Great Britain might require it, he and his Colleague might confer with* the Ministers of France, in the same manner as the Ministers of each of the Allies conferred separately with those of France, touching their respefitive particular Interests; and the said Earl apprehends, they were justified therein by their express Orders from England for that Purpose; and sometimes the said Bishop and Earl had separate Conferences with the Ministers of France, at the Request, and, on the behalf, of one or other of the Allies, whose Regard to her Majesty made them often desire the Interposition of her Ministers, to support their several Pretensions; wherein the Zeal, andfincere Endeavours, of the said Bishop and Earl, for the Interest of the Allies, always appeared to the Satisfaction of those on whose behalf they acted: But he denies, that he did concert any private or separate Measures with the Ministers of France, in order to impose upon, or deceive, her Majesty s Subjects or Allies, or tending to their Prejudice or Detriment: And as to that Part which charges him with commending the Prudence of the French Ministers, in refuting to answer in Writing, the said Eajrl faith, That, after the written Propositions and Demands on each Side had been delivered in, he took it to be a Matter, in its own Nature, indifferent, whether there should be any further Tran sass ion thereupon in Writing or not; and whether it were better to proceed by Way of Writing, or by Conference, to adjoft and settle the Terms of Peace, upon the respefitive Offers and Demands which had been so given in: There w'as Variety of Opinions: Many of the Ministers of the Allies declared it to be the most usual and expeditious Method to proceed by way of Conference; which, they thought, gave belter Opportunities of confideting and explaining Matters; there being usually seen a greater Stiffness and Obstinacy in maintaining what is once put down in Writing; which oftentimes renders Negotiations tedious, and sometimes clogs them with insuperable Difficulties; and there seemed to be just Grounds for Suspicion, that some, who were most pressing for the method of Writing, might have those Ends in their View, which it became her Majesty s Plenipotentiaries, as far as they could, to obviate and prevent: If, therefore, the said Earl inclined, in his private Opinion, to the Sentiments of those who thought the Way of Conference more expeditious, and equally safe; admitting he had been mistaken therein, he hopes it will not be imputed to him as a Crime; much less can he apprehend your Lordships will esteem it any Evidence of his encouraging the Enemy in any. fallacious or unjustifiable Manner of Proceedings, if, in a Letter from the Hague to a Minister of the Queen, before this Matter had been fully considered, he intimated* the Thoughts he then entertained

of

ct, Geo. I. 28* Januari. 361

of it; since he takes it to be very proper for a publick Mi-nifter abroad, in his Correspondence with the more immediate Servants of the Crown at home, to give minute and particular Accounts of all Occurrences and Discourses; to lay operi his Thoughts; to suggest the l irft Motions and Suspicions that arise in his Mind; and to descant upon tilings without Relerve; in order to receive more plain, full, and express, Informations and Directions for his betterproceeding: And the said Karl believes it will appear, that if in any Letter he intimated his Thoughts upon that Subject, he did not give any positive Judgment; but suspended his Opinion therein till he should have Opportunity of further considering it: And he faith, That when afterwards the Matter came to be more maturely debated among the Ministers of the Allies, upon his return to

Utrecht, he did join in pressing the Ministers of France to give a further Answer ip Writing: And as to that Part which chargeth the said Earl with suggesting Methods for France to make use of to create Dilfenlious among the Allies, and procure separate Negotiations between each of the Allies and Francehe faith, That it was generally thought

most proper, that the respective Demands of the Allies, which were fbmetimesclashing, and contradictory to each other, should be considered apart, and not at general Conferences with the French; which seemed the more requisite, since no Prince or State had undertaken the Part of a Mediator, to reconcile the Differences which might happen to arise among them, as has beeu usual in former Treaties: If therefore, in a Letter to a Minister of the Queen, from the Consideration of the Possibility that some might be for the contrary Method, he intimated, that the Inconvenience of such a Method would best appear by beginning in the Congress to argue on some Demand of One of the Allies; which would probably induce such Ally to propose the debating separately; he hopes this can never be construed the suggesting a Method for France to make use of to create Dilfentions among the Allies, or which could have any Tendency to diflulve the Confederacy; it seeming rather to him to a likely means to prevent any such dnhappy Consequence: Sure he is, that he fin-eerely labou red to prevent it; and, for that End, employed his utmost Endeavours to obviate and discourage any fallacious or unjustifiable manner of transaCling the Negotiation of Peace: And he denies, that he did, at any time, suggest any Method whatsoever for France to makeule of to create Dissentions among the Allies, or separate Negotiations between any of the Allies and France, thereby to dissolve the Confederacy j and as he constantly opposed what he apprehended or suspeCled, to have any such Tendency, so he never failed to support, in the best manner he could, her Majesty’s Allies in their Demands against France: And denies, that in the Course of the Negotiation he was guilty of any treacherous Proceeding, or of any Practices whatsoever, whereby he could prostitute the Honour of the Queen, or the Imperial Crown of these Realms; or whereby he did violate his Powers or Instructions; the Treaties her Majesty ltood engaged in to her Allies; or any Assurances he had given them by her Order, or in her Name; or whereby the Design of the Confederacy, or the Support expected from it, were rendered useless; or the Affairs of Europe given up into the Hands of France.

In Answer to the Second Article; the said Earl faith, He always thought an Union and good Correspondence between her late Majesty and the illustrious House of Hanover of the utmoli Importance; and therefore used his best Endeavours to continue and improve it; and never bad the least Design to create or widen any Differences or Milimderstandings between them: He acknowleges, that the Parliament, with great Wisdom, provided Laws for preserving the Protestant Religion; establishing the Protestant Succession; and laying the Obligation of an Oath on the Subjects of these Realms to maintain the fame: And the said Earl humbly hopes, that he, in his Station, hath never been wanting in his faithful Endeavours for the Security thereof; and, to his great Honour, he hath frequently received from her late Electoral Highness the Princess Sophia, and from his present Majesty, their Approbation of his Zeal Vol. 18.

for their Service: And he does, with great Pleasure and Earl of . Satisfaction, reflect on the happy Succels of his En- Straffodr's deavours in the late Treaty of Peace at , by which lmi, eac,1‘

France and Spain were brought to acknowlege our pre- men sent Sovereign’s Right of Succession to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, and to engage never to oppose or dif-turb the fame, directly or indirectly; whereby his Majesty had a peaceable Accessionto the Throne; and the Benefit of the several Laws made in Support of the said Succession will more securely be transmitted to Pofierity: The said Earl denies, That he, by false Representations, or by any Reflections upon his Majesty when Elector of ver, in any Letter to the late Queen’s Ministers, or other-wile, did endeavour to alienate her Majesty’s Affections from his Electoral Highness: And faith, That to lbch a general Charge it is impossible to make any particular Answ er or Defence; but the said Earl is firmly persuaded, there is not any Expression in any Letter by him wrote, thatcarries the Appearance of any such selle Representation or Reflection; such Expressions being a3 remote from his Heart and Intentions, as they are inconfiltent with that Respect to the Illustrious House of Hanover, which, by the whole Tenour of his Actions, he hath endeavoured to' demonstrate; and therefore the said Earl hath that Aflu-rance of your Lordships Justice as to believe, that no doubtful Words, or Pafi'ages, contained in any of his Letters, no Accounts, or Censures, if any such there be, of what was said, or done, by any Minister, or Servant, of his Electoral Highness, inconliftent as he apprehended, with that Deference which ought to have been paid to her late Majesty, will be taken by your Lordships as an Evidence of any Design to alienate her late Majesty’s Affections from his then Electoral Highness, or to create, or widen, any Differences or Milimderstandings between them, with which the said Earl is charged in the said Article: And as to the particular Reflection, supposed to have been made by the said Earl, in his Letter of the 17th Day of July 1712, on his then Electoral Highness; the said Earl humbly hopes, that your Lordships will not interpret any Expression in that Letter to have been meant of his Electoral Highness, who is not so much as'once named throughout the lame, and whom the said Earl bath never mentioned in any Letter whatsoever, without the highest Respect and Yreneration; but that your Lordships will rather understand it, as it was meant, with respect to the General of the Hanover Troops, whose Conduct, the said Earl owns, he hath expressed himself, as well in that as in feme preceding Dispatches, not to have been intirely satisfied with: How far he was right in his Opinion, he submits to your Lordships wife Determination; but humbly hopes, that no Representation thereof by him made, however he may be thought to have been miltaken therein, proceeding only from a sincere Zeal for the Honour of his Royal Mistress, and the Interest of his Country, can be judged criminal: And the said Earl faith, That the late Queen was lb far from being prevailed on by his Ad-v ice to make a Cessation of Arms with France, without Concert with his Electoral Highness, or against the Consent, or Representations, of any of the Allies, that he can and doth,' with Truth, affirm, that her Majesty’s Resolutions concerning the said Cessation were not taken upon his Advice, or with his Privity: The laid Earl doth admit, that, about June or July 1712, he was sent to the Army, by her Majesty’s Command, with particular Instructions touching the said Cessation; and that, in pursuance of his said Instructions, he difeourfed with several of the Generals of the Allies, particularly Monsieur Buleau; and that he might, in such Discourse, on the 16th Day of July 1712, affirm, as he then thought, that her Majesty had made no Truce with France; and the said Earl was then of that

Opinion, the Articles demanded by her Majesty for a Cessation of Arms, as the Conditions without which no Cessation was to be made, not having at that time, to his Knowlege or Belief, been performed by France: And the said Earl can assuredly say, That he doth not remember he hath, at any time, knowingly affirmed to the Ministers of his said Electoral Highness, or any other of the

4 Z Allies

362

a8" Januarii. A. 17ig.

Earl of Strafford's Impeachment.*

Allies, any Untruths, dr any thing contrary to the Intentions, or Interest, of the late Queen, thereby to deceive or impoie upon his Electoral Highness, or any of her Majesty s Allies: And apprehends, that he hath not in any of his Negotiations or Proceedings prostituted or dilho-nonred the Character he was invested with; or done any thing tending to diliblve the mutual Confidence and good Understanding between her late Majesty and the Illustrious House of Hanover:

In Answer to the Third Article; the said Earl denies any pernicious Negotiations of Peace to have been carried on by him with the Ministers of; and faith. That

in the Paper mentioned in his Inllructions to be signed by Mo ifieur MeJ'nager, and delivered to him, together

with his said Instructions, on or about the ill Day of October 1711, it is laid, The French King will acknowlege the Queen of Great Britain in that Quality, as also the Succession to that Crown, according to the present Establishment: And, in the specifick Explanation of the Offers of France, delivered the nth of February following,

it is laid, the King will acknowlege, at the Signing of the Peace, the Queen of Great Britain in that Quality, as well as the Succession to the Crown, according to the present Establishment, and in a manner moll agreeable to her Britannick Majesty: But the said Earl denies he ever heard, that the French King proposed such Acknowlege-ment should not be before the Signing of the Peace: nor

O t O '

doth he conceive how the Proposal (before the entering into the Negotiations of Peace) indefinitely to acknowlege the Queen, and the subsequent Concession to do lb, at the Signing of the Peace, in what manner her Britannick Majesty should please, doth necessarily infer, that he would not do it lboner; nor are there, in any of the Propofi-tions from the French King, any negative Words that he would not do it lboner, as intimated in this Article: And the said Earl apprehends, that in fact, he did it sooner; for, when the Sieur Mejhager came into England, the said Earl is informed, he brought with him a credential Letter from the French King; wherein her Majesty was lliled and acknowleged Queen of Great Britain; and, in the very Eirft Offers, and General Conferences, at Utrecht, the French Ministers named her Britannick Majesty in fitch direct manner, that the Ministers of the Allies took it for a plain and sufficient Agnition; and the French Mini-liers understood it in the same manner, who continued to name her Majesty as Queen, without Reserve, in their Discourse and Letters to her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries: And although the said specifick Explanation may, in lbme Part of it, seem to refer to a future Agnition, to prevent the Imperial and other Ministers of the Allies from insisting like wile on a present Acknowlegement of the Titles of their Masters, which might probably have put a Stop to the Negotiation; yet the said Earl conceives the Agnition of the Queen was not thereby the less manifell; and is humbly of Opinion, that her Majesty was treated with distingui thing Marks of Respects, inasmuch as those Titles were given her throughout the whole Course of the Negotiation; which had not been allowed, on the like Occasions, to other Princes, till the Gonclufion of Peace. It is well known, the Title of his late Majesty King William was not acknowleged at Ryjwicktill that Peace was signed; nor was the Emperor’s, or the King of Prussia's, owned during the late Negotiations, till the concluding their respective Treaties of Peace: When, therefore, the said Earl had no Instructions to inlist upon a more formal Acknowlegement, he hopes he cannot be charged with any Want of Duty to her Majesty, or want of Zeal for the Protellant Succession, in not advising her Majesty against treating with France upon the Terms on which lhe entered into the Negotiation at Utrecht: the said Earl believes, the House of Lords, conceiving the French King had proposed to acknowlege her Majesty’s Title to these Realms no sooner than when the Peace should be signed, did, by their Address of the 15th Day of February 1711, with a commendable Zeal, represent to her late Majesty, their just Indignation at such dishonourable Treatment, and express their Resentment at such Terms of Peace

offered to her Majesty, and her Allies, by the Plenipotentiaries of France; and it was agreeable to the Duty and Affection that augult Assembly always demonstrated towards that excellent Princess, to be touched with the lealt Appearance or Apprehension of Disrespect to her Sacred Person; and her Majesty, being sensible that their Address proceeded from those Motives, was pleased to return them her hearty Thanks for the Zeal they expressed for her Honour: And the said Earl admits, That in a Letter from the Secretary of State to the then Lord Privy Seal and himself, Mention was made of the said Address; and thereupon they gave an Account of the Steps by them taken on this Subject, to the following Effect; That, the Day after the Receipt of that Letter, the French Plenipotentiaries were told. That the deferring to make a formal Agnition of the Queen at first having had all the Effect intended, it would be proper then to do it more formally, for Reasons with which it was needless to acquaint them; otherwise k would be necessary to inlert it in the British Demands; that they made no other Difficulty in it but this, that, having reported to their Court how that Matter had passed, they ought, in Decency, to give Account of what was then desired; and said, They doubted not, in Ten or 12 Days, to give intire Satisfaction therein; but, being pressed to do something immediately, they agreed, that, if her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries would write to them, they would give an Answer, whereby the Queen should be directly acknowleged; which was accordingly done; and the said Earl believes, that a Copy thereof might be transmitted to England; but not the Original; and denies, that to his Knowlege, it was a collusive Letter; or that there was any Agreement between the British and French Ministers not to make use of it at; or

not to have it taken as an Acknowlegement by France of the Queen’s Title to the Crown; or that the Copy of it was transmitted with Dclign to deceive, or impoie upon, the Queen, or Parliament; nor doth he know, or believe, it was made use of for any such Purpose; but he takes it to have been an actual Acknowlegement of the Queen’s Title by France, and a further Evidence, that such Agnition was not deferred till the Signing of the Peace, though-it was intended to be then made in a more solemn manner: And the said Earl believes, the honourable House of Peers, for whose Judgment he ever had the highest Veneration and Regard, were satisfied in this Point; since, by their Address of the 10° of June following, after they had been acquainted, by her Majesty’s Speech from the Throne, with the Terms on which a general Peace might be had, they thought fit to thank her Majesty for her Condcfcension therein; and did express their Reliance on her Wisdom to finilli that great and good Work; as the House of Commons also did, by their Address to her Majesty, about the same time: And the said Earl is well assured he was not wanting in his Zeal and Regard for the Security of the Protestant Succession; on which Head the British Plenipotentiaries, at the very first general Conference with the French Ministers at Utrecht, pressed their Explanation; and they agreed thereunto: And, when the Allies delivered their respective Demands, the Queen’s Ministers, on their Part, insisted in such manner on what related to the Security of that Succession, that the Princess Sophia was pleased to honour them with a Letter of Thanks, and to acknowlege their Care of the Interest of her Family: Nor were they leis careful at the Conclusion of the Treaty, to settle that important Point, with the utmost Exactness, to the Satisfaction of the Queen, the Court of Hanover, and both Houses of Parliament; and the Articles for that Purpose were not only conceived in stronger Terms than had been made use of at Ryswick for acknowleging the then Settlement of the Crown; but, before they were inserted in the Treaty, u'ere communicated to the Minister of the EleClor, and had his Approbation; and the manner of that Transaction seems sufficiently justified from the happy Effects: The said Earl absolutely denies, that he did ever concert or agree with the Ministers of France, that any Proposals mentioned in the said Article, or any other Pro-pofals whatsoever, should be the Conditions whereon France

should

2 Geo. I. 28° Janmrii. 363

should treat of Peace with Great Britain; nor doth he know, that the Queen, the Parliament, or the Nation, were in any respect abused, or drtiwn into destructive Measures; or that any Step was taken on this Occasion, whereby Dishonour could accrue to her Majesty, or these Kingdoms, or any Danger to the Protestant Succession.

In Answer to the Fourth Article; the said Earl faith, That the Bishop of Bristol, and himself, being appointed her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries, did, soon after their Arrival at Utrecht, pursuant to their Instructions, begin, by concerting with the Ministers of the Allies, in what manner it was most proper to open the Conferences, and what Method was to be observed in the Progress of the Treaty; and, if it had been thought proper to begin with the Dif-position of the Spanish Monarchy, the said Earl was ready to have infilled, as the said Instructions directed him to do in that Cafe; but, upon such Concert, it was thought most adviseable, and lb agreed, by all the Ministers of the Allies, that each of them mould, by a separate Instrument, make their respective Demands; with a general Clause to support each other s just and reasonable Pretensions; and this was looked upon as the most proper Method, and necessary to avoid that Confusion, which would otherwise ensue from the Contrariety of the Demands of the several Allies; it being then known, that many of them did and would inlist to have the same tiling for themselves, in Opposition to each other: The Imperial Ministers, as well as the rest, acquiesced in that Method; and, at a following Conference, it was further desired, that there should be added to such general Clause the Words " in Conformity " to their Alliances with which the said Bishop and Earl, as well as the reli, most readily complied; and those Words were accordingly added to the general Clause in each of the Allies Demands; which seemed to give a general Satisfaction; and there was nothing further at that time infilled on. In consequence of this Agreement, it was the general Expectation, that the Demand relating to and the West Indies, should be particularly mferted only in the Instrument to be given in by the Imperial Ministers; but, there having been a Day long before fixed for delivering in to the French all the Demands of the Allies, the Imperialists, the very Night preceding, at a Conference, proposed, That all the Allies should mention Spain, and the West Indies, likewise, in their several Demands: This caused a general Surprize; and none but the Ministers of Portugal concurred with them: Those of the States, in particular, declared the said Dominions ought to be demanded by them whom it did immediately concern; and that the Method Things had been put into could not suffer it to be otherwise; but, the next Morning, to give Content to the Imperialists, they yielded to make a verbal Declaration among the Allies, That they were refblved to make good all their Treaties on Occasion of this War, as well those that related to Spain, as those made with Portugal, Prussia, Savoy, and others: The British Plenipo-

tentiaries, to give the like SatislaClion, declared publickly at the Conferences the same Day, That, as her Majesty infilled for a just and reasonable Satisfaction for all her Allies, in Conformity to all her Alliances, those that might concern Spain, and the Indies, were understood thereby, as well as others that concerned the Interest of the rest of the Allies; wherewith the Austrian and Portugal Ministers seemed satisfied; nor did they request any thing further from the said Bishop and Earl on that Head; and therefore he humbly apprehends, that in the Negotiation he neither declined to infill, that Spain, and th Indies,

should not be allotted to the House of Bourbon, as far as his Instructions, directing him to ad in Concert with the rest of the Allies, required; nor refused to join with the Imperial and Portugal Ministers, or either of them, to strengthen that Demand in such manner as was proper; but in this, and all other Matters, he pursued, with Constancy, the Orders be, from time to time, received from her Majesty, as the Nature and Circumstances of Things would give Leave: And in case her late Majesty found it impracticable to perfilt in her First Designs of gaining Spain, and the West Indies, from the House of Bourbon, Vo t. 18.

and thought other Expedients for preventing the Union of Earl of Straf-the two Monarchies of Spain and France might as well ford’s Im-answer the Ends of her severalAHiances, and did thereupon PeachmCBt enter into other Measures for obtaining a general Peace, in which her Allies concurred; the said Earl hopes, that his conforming himself to the Measures, not only prescribed by her Majesty, whole Minister he was, and whom it was his Duty to obey, but also approved by both Houses of Parliament, will not be esteemed an Acting in Defiance of the Treaties between her Majesty and her Allies; in Contempt of the Advice, or Opinion of Parliament; or in Violation of his Instructions: And he cannot entertain such Diffidence of your Lordships Justice and Goodness, as to suspect, that his Actions, which proceeded from a Principle of Obedience to his Sovereign, and Zeal for the publick Service, should be condemned as perfidious or unwarrantable: And the said Earl denies, that, by any of his Practices, any Jealousies or Discords were created between her Majesty and her Allies; the mutual Confidence between them was dissolved; the just Balance of Power in Europe betrayed; or any Advantage given to the common Enemy to impose what Terms of Peace he should think fit upon her Majesty, or any of the Confederates.

In Answer to the Fifth Article; the said Earl doth acknowlege, That her late Majesty, in her Speech from the Throne on the 7th Day of December 1711, having acquainted her Parliament, That both Time and Place were appointed for opening a Treaty of Peace, did, at the same time, remind them, that the best Way to make the Treaty effectual would be to make early Provision for the Campaign; and believes, Supplies were granted, and Magazines provided, for that End: But the said Earl faith,

That, at the time in the said Article for that Purpose meri-tioned, he was not informed of any reasonable Prospect tile Confederates then had of gaining new Conquests over the Army of France; nor doth he believe, that the Confederate Army, at that time, was the strongest that had been in the Service during the whole Course of the War; but, upon the Informatioa9 he received at the Hague, about the 19th-30th of April 1712; he understood, that the French were better posted than the Confederates, and their Army stronger; and that the Confederate Forces could not march to surprise the French in their Lines till they had green Forage, which would not be up in Three Weeks at soonest; and that the French had all their Troops, and the Confederates wanted great Part of theirs; especially the Imperialists, who, ’twas thought, could not, and in fact did not, join the Army till about a Month after:

And the said Earl conceiving the Treaty of Peace in lo great forwardness, that, by a constant Application of the Plenipotentiaries, it might probably be brought to a Con-elusion in a Month’s time, he did, upon these Considerations, apprehend it would not have been any Difservice to the common Cause, if a Cessation of Arms for a Month had been then agreed on; during which time, the Negotiation might have been ended one way or other: And he believes, that according to his Duty, he might, about that time, in a Letter to her Majesty’s Secretary of State, fend an Account of the Posture and Condition of the Two Armies: But denies, that he took upon him to counsel or advise on that Subject; but only proposed the Matter for further Deliberation in England, if, upon those or other, Accounts, such a short Cessation should be thought necessary; much leis did he then, or at any other time, suggest, or advise, any Cessation of Arms to be made with France without, or against, the Consent of the Allies, or with Design to disappoint any just Expectation they might have, or to give Success to any secret or wicked Negotiations whatsoever: And he is not yet sensible, that a Cessation for a Month, at that time, could have been any Hindrance or Prejudice to the Cause of the Allies, or have given the least Advantage to the Enemy: However, in fact, no Cessation was made upon his said Letter: The said Earl faith, He doth not know, or believe, that, in pursuance of any Counsel or Advice given by him, any Directions were sent to her Majesty’s General in Flanders to avoid engaging in any Siege, or hazarding a Battle;

nor

aS0 Janua.

1715.

F,arl of Straf- nor was he privy to the fending any such Directions: And

ford’s I in- he denies, that he advised her late Majesty to fend any

peacWt. per, bl)i

much less himself, from England to the Army in Flanders, to cause a (deflation of Arms to be made, or proclaimed, between her Majesty and the French Army: But arknowleges, that, he being her Majesty's Ambafla-dor, file was pleased to give him Orders and Inst ructions, under her Sign Manual, dated the 21 ft Day of June 1712; whereby he was commanded to make all possible Dispatch to the Army in the Lore Countries; and, upon his Arrival there, to inform her General and Commander in Chief of the Resolutions taken in the then important Conjuncture of Affairs; and also to declare to the Generals and Commanders in Chief of the foreign Troops in her Majesty’s Pay, and in the joint Pay of her Majesty and the States General, with lipvv much Surprize her Majesty heard there was the least Doubt of their obeying such Orders as they should receive from her laid General; and likewise, commanding the said Earl to continue with the said Army till the Atlair of the Suspension of Arms, and the Surrender of Dunkirk, were determined one way or other; and that thereupon he resorted to the Hague, and there, in Conjunction with his Colleague, the then Lord Bishop of Bristol, acquainted the States General with her Majesty’s Intentions for afliort Cessation of Arms between the Armies in the Netherlands, - upon certain Conditions to be performed by one of which was, the Surrendry of Dunkirk into her Majesty’s Poliession; inviting the States to join with her Majesty therein: After this, the said Earl proceeded to the Army, and acted conformably to his said Instructions; and hopes, that what was the Performance of his Duty will not be imputed to him as a Crime: But the said Earl denies, that any Cessation, or Separation of the Troops, was executed, or performed, by his Advice; nor was he otherwise concerned therein, than in signifying the Orders he had in Command from her Majesty to her General: And he believes, from the best Judgment he can make upon the then Situation of Affairs, that, if the Cessation that was made by her Majesty had been generally complied with by the rest of the Army, it would have increased the Confidence between her Majesty and her Allies, and have obliged the French King more speedily to comply with their Demands in the Negotiations of Peace; and that the most promising Expectations from the Operations of the Campaign, during those Two Months for which the Cessation was to continue, could not equal the Advantage nccruing to the Confederates by the Surrender of the important Fortress of Dunkirk, which was put into her Majesty’s Hands, as one of the Conditions of it.

In Answer to the Sixth Article; the said Earl, not admitting that he did advise, or procure, a Collation of Arms, or obtain for France any Separation of the Troops of Great Britain from the Confederate Army, or was otherwise concerned therein than as in his Answer to the preceding Article is set forth, denies, with a just Abhorrence, that he ever had any treacherous Purposes to advance or promote the Interests of France; or to render any future Correspondence, or Harmony, between her late Majesty and the States General, impracticable; or to weaken or distress the said States, or bring them under any Necessity of complying with, or submitting to, the Mea-lures of France; nor did or doth he know, or believe, that the taking Poliession of Ghent and Bruges by the British Troops was likely to produce any such Consequence; on the contrary, he conceives, that it was very much for the Advantage of the Allies, especially the States General, that the English Troops took Possession of those Towns, which would otherwise, in all Probability, have fallen into the Hands of the French: The said Earl doth acknowlege, That, when the British Troops were left by the other Forces w ho separated from them, and were under a Necessity of retiring to feme Place of Security, and it was reported, that the Dutch had given Orders to all the Commanders of the Towns in their Possession to refuse them Admittance, or Passage, he did not think the Resolution improper, which was taken by her Majesty’s General, to fend a Party of the Queen’s Troops to march through some 14

Part of those Towns, to make Experiment whether they would refuse them Passage; for, if Passage should not be refused them, the Dutch would be vindicated from the Report which had been given out, so highly reflecting on their Honour, and so repugnant to the repeated Professions and Assurances of the Good-will and Friendship they had so constantly declared for Great Britain; and, if such Passage should be refused, it would demonstrate the Necessity the English Troops were under of relucting to Ghent and Bruges: However, the said Earl doth not admit, that he did advise therein; much less had he any such Hopes, or treacherous Designs, as in the said Article are mentioned; nor did he seek any Pretence to put in Execution any Design, or Resolution, concerted with the Ministers of France; nor was any such Design, or Resolution, to his Knowlege, or Belief, concerted: The said Earl doth believe, that a Party of the Queen’s Troops, being sent with Intentions to obtain Admittance into feme of the Towns in Flanders, where some of the English Magazines and Hospitals were, or, at least, to obtain Passage through them to some other Places of Security, were refused by the Dutch Commanders, although those Towns had been conquered chiefly by British Blood and Treasure: But the States General disavowed their giving any Orders for that Purpose; and thereby relcued themselves from the Reproach of an Usage, that might have been-thought inhumane to Confederate Troops, who had speot their Blood for their Service, and had done no Act of Hostility, nor given any just Reason to the States to apprehend any ill Consequences from such Passage or Admittance: The said Earl doth acknowlege, that, after this Refusal of the Dutch Commanders to receive any of the Queen’s Troops into, or permit them to pals through, the Towns in their Possession, they retired into Ghent and Bt'uges; the former having been their usual Quarters, and the Citadel thereof having been garifoned by them from the beginning of the Campaign: But the said Earl does not know, or lielieve, there was any treacherous or destructive Design in the Marching of those Troops into, or taking Possession of those Towns; nor doth he know, or believe, it was done in Concert with any of the Ministers of France, who, he is confident, were not privy to, or knew any thing of it, till after it was executed: Nor doth the said Earl difeern how it contributed to the Prejudice of the Confederates, or Advantage of the French Army; but, on the contrary, the said Earl is very well assured, that it proved greatly to the Advantage and Security of the former, whole Convoys were thereby protected, and the Communication between Holland and the Confederate Army kept open; and the Advantages thereby to the common Cause were lb notorious and visible, that the Allies frequently expressed their Satisfaction, that those important Places had been so well secured; by which means, the Allies had all the Advantages of those Towns, without being at the Expence of Garisons, the Furnishing of which would have obliged them to make such Detachments from their Army, as would have rendered it difficult for them to have kept the Field: And, on the other hand, the French Ministers frequently complained of the great Diladvantages occasioned there-by to the Arms of their Matter, whom they thought not well treated by her Majesty on that account: And the said Earl apprehends, that the British Troops had equal Right with those of the States to enter into Ghent and Bruges, or any other Place of the Law Countries, which, by Agreement, were under the joint Government of the Queen and the States General; and this happened, at that time, to be of the greater Importance, since the Queen’s. Troops were thereby enabled to maintain a Communication with Dunkirk and England, and was afterwards found likewise very useful towards obtaining the Removal of the unjustifiable Impositions laid by the Dutch upon the British Merchandize in the new Conquests in the Netherlands; which they themselves had many Months owned to be a Grievance j but had not before thought lit to redress.

The said Earl humbly hopes he has fully answered the several Articles exhibited against him; and he doubts not but your Lordships will, in your great Wisdom, maturely

weigh

2 Geo. I.

a8%~31 ° Jamarii.

3*S

weigh the Nature of the Charge, which is chiefly founded on his Transactions abroad with the Ministers of foreign Princes and States; whose Testimony, though never so material towards clearing his Innocence, it will be impossible for him to produce: He allures himself, your Lordships will have a due Regard to the wide Extent, the great Length and Intricacy, of the Negotiations, wherein he was engaged by his late Sovereign’s express Commands;. to which he did the more chearfully submit, being joined in the most considerable Parts thereof with a Reverend Prelate, whose long Residence abroad and Experience in the Methods of treating with foreign Princes and States, had abundantly qualified him for the Difenarge of so important a Trull: However, the said Earl, on his Part, may in any respect, have been unequal to the Province assigned him; yet sure he is, that he alway s endeavoured to acquit himself therein with the utmost Integrity; and cannot but express a just Detestation of the many evil Intentions wherewith he is loaded by the said Articles: And as he humbly apprehends, the several Facts, mentioned in the Articles, if they could be proved, will not appear criminal, abstracted from the ill Motives and Designs from which they are supposed to proceed; so he is fully persuaded, your Lordships will distinguish between the Actions themselves, and the Intentions wherewith they are charged to be done; and he allures himself, that your Lordships will judge of the Sincerity of his Intentions by the Tenor of all his Letters and Papers, and not by any particular Passages selected from them; and is secure in your Lordships Justice, that no strained Construction of any such Passages will be made by your Lordships to his Prejudice: He cannot but think himself extremely unfortunate in falling under the Displeasure of the honourable. House of Commons; nor could he receive the first Inti- mation of it without the greatest Surprize: Not being con-fcious to himself that he had transgressed any known Law', he was not without Hopes, having spent the best and greatest Part of his Life abroad in the Army, and in fevered Embassies, always endeavouring to promote the Welfare of his Country, that he might, at his Return, have met with its Approbation, as a Recompence for his long and faithful Services: However, he comforts himself with this Reflection, That every Step of his Proceedings in the late Negotiation was laid before her Majesty, and received her Royal Approbation: Nor will it, he conceives, be judged improper, if he observes to your Lord-fiiips, That the States General, in their Letter to her Ma-a little before the signing the Peace, acknowleged they could not enough commend her Plenipotentiaries for the Assistance they had given them in their Treaty with France; and that all the Allies gave frequent Marks of their Esteem for the said Earl, and his Colleague, on account of the many Services they had received from them. The said Earl is confident it will appear to your Lordships, that although lie did, with the utmost Application, pursue the Good of his own Country preferably to that of any other Nation whatsoever; yet he was never wanting to promote- the Advantage of the Allies, particularly of the States General, where it did not interfere with the Interest of Great Britain. A separate Treaty of Peace was lb far from his Thoughts, that, on the contrary, he was truly zealous to make it general; and he had the Ilappi-ness to succeed therein in as great a Degree as was ever known, when lb many Confederates were concerned: Nor was the said Earl less zealous in supporting, to the utmost of his Abilities, the Honour and Reputation of his late Royal Mistress; which was so far from being profti-tuted, or suffering any Diminution, by his Negotiations, that her Majesty did, through the whole Course of those Negotiations, and to the very Hour of her Death, maintain as great and glorious a Character as any of her Royal Predecessors, or as she herself had done in any former Part of her Reign.

And as to all other Matters and Things in the said Articles contained, and not herein before particularly answered, the faicLEarl faith, He is not guilty of them, or any of them, in the Manner and Form as the same are charged Voj.. 18.

upon him in and by the said Articles; and humbly fub-mits himself to your Lordships Judgment.

Strafford.

William Cowper, Clcr. Parliamentor.

Ordered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee of Secrecy, to whom it was referred to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the said Earl.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare a Replication to the said Answer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords had commanded us to acquaint this House, Earl of That their Lordships desire this House will impart to ^ttatodw* them the Names of such Persons as appeared, and were

examined, before this House, in relation to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of dine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, That the Persons that appeared, and were examined, at the Bar of this House, in relation to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason, were Ebenezer Whittle, and Doctor Blaire.

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in, and acquainted therewith.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith accordingly.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 310 die Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom Cornelifon’s the Bill for naturalizing Henry Cornelifon w’as com- Nat. mitted, That they had examined the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any, Amendment; and he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

A Petition of fevered Merchants of London, in behalf Importing of themselves, and others, Exporters of the Woollen Ma- Cochineal, nufactures of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the late unhappy Lof3 of the Spanish Flotilla, Cochineal is become extreme dear, and very scarce in this Kingdom; and, Spain being incapable of supplying us for feme time, we are in Danger of losing the Trade of fevered great Branches of our Woollen Manufeftury, which are only dyed with that Commodity into Grain Colours, as well for Exportation as Home consumption: That our neighbouring Nations, having now great Quantities of Cochineal by them, are able to dye much cheaper, and under-lell us in our foreign Markets: And praying to grant a free Importation of Cochineal from all Places, for so long time as your Honours shall think fit.

A Petition of the principal Traders, and others, con* Ditt*. cemed in the Woollen Manufactury, of and within the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That al-

5 A though

Dn

Blackburn

thanked*

Call of the House*

66 31° Januarii. — I®

though the Rqftraints formerly laid upon the Importation of Cochineal were then very properly done; yet, coufi-deripg the great Want of that Commodity in England, and that our Necessity cannot be supplied from Spain fox some considerable time yet to come; that the Want of it hath already been the Cause of great Damage and Lois to the Woollen Manufacturers in this City, and to great Part of the County of Wilts: And praying, That a Bill, or Bills, might be brought in, and pass, giving Leave to import the Slid Commodity from > or other Parts;

thereby to supply us for the present; and to continue in Force no longer than ... in your great Wisdom shall think convenient

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Ward, Mr. Mr.

Godfrey, Colonel Morton, Mr. London, Mr. Western, Mr. Morice, Mr. Eules, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Drew, Mr. Ducane,

Mr. PapiUpn, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bisse, Sir Wm. Sir Tho. Scawen,

Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Mr. Dockminique,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Ash, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bristow; and ell that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to ftie Reverend Dr. Blackburn, Dean of Exeter, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Edgecomb, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Drake, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order being read, for the Calling of the House over;

Ordered, That the House do proceed to the calling Over the fame.

The House, according to Order, was called over;

And several of the Members appeared t and several were excuseil, upon account of their being ill; and others, in respect of the Severity of the Season, and Badneis of the Roads

Upon calling over the Names of Robert Clarges Esquire, Stephen Northlea Esquire, William Northmore Esquire, Sir Arthur Chichester Baronet, Richard Esquire,

George Chaffin Esquire, George Esquire,

William Betts Esquire, they were not excused:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Jtfkhqel Waxton Knight, be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for be Yeas, {gj

Tellers for the Noes, }>4».

So it passed in the Negative.

Upon calling over the Names of William Stephens Esquire, Edward Hopkins Esquire, Robert Esquire,

William Peytoe Esquire, Francis Swanton Esquire, John Pugh Esquire, and of Sir David Dalrymple Baronet, they were not excused.

Ordered, That the said Robert Charges Esquire, Stephen Northleigh Esquire, William Northmore Esquire, Sir Arthur Chichester Baronet, Richard Reynell Esquire, George Chafffn Esquire, George Trenchard Esquire, William Betts Esquire, Sir Michael Warton Knight, William Stephens Esquire, Edward Hopkins Esquire, Robert Leeves Esquire, William Peytoe Esquire, Fr Esquire,

John Pugh Esquire, and Sir David Dalrymple Baronet, do attend the Service of the Iloule upon this Day Three Weeks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

2° Februarii. A. 1715-

Mercurii, 1° die Februarii;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

S\R DER ED, That Action Baldwyn Esquire, be at Ludlow Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an Ele&iou. undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Nathanael Herne Esquire, be at Liberty Dartmouth to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- Election, tion and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnes, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Land Tax" the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the same Commissioners be appointed for Executing of the said Act, as were appointed by the Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1715.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the said Bill.

J

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Marlboronck tions be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the Efe&ion. Petition of Gabriel Roberts and Francis Hayes Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of as relates

to the said Mr. Hayes.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned until Monday next. of Privilege*.

And then the House, adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery Judgment and Mr. Rogers: against Earl

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

That their Lordships have appointed to give Judgment against James Earl of Derwentwater, William Lord drington, William Earl of Nithifdale, Robert Earl of -

zcath, William Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn, who have pleaded guilty to the Impeachment of High Treason exhibited by this House against them, on Thursday the Ninth Day of this instant February, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, in W

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will be present in Westmin-fler-hall, as a Committee of the whole House, when the Lords do give Judgment against the said James Earl of

Derwentwater,

a Geo. I. a* — 3° Febmarii.

Derwentweter, William Lord Widdrington,

Earl of Nithifdale, Robert Earl of William

Viscount Kenmure, and William Lord Nairn, who have

pleaded Guilty to the Impeachment of High Treason exhibited by this House against them.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings upon the Judgment to be given against the said Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Articles of Impeachment against the said Lords, be the said Committee.

Answer to Addieb.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That their Address, of the 28th of January last, relating to the Fees of Offices, hath been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give proper Orders to all the several Office* s, as is desired.

Commission- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ap-

_r r a »*m\r ' " m O §

Debt* point a Commissioner for taking, examining, and Hating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room ot Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased: And that Mr. Treby and Mr. Coventry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importing A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants,

Cochineal, of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Cloths were used to be dyed into Grain Colours, for Exportation, and the Home Trade: That the Price of Cochineal having been very high for some time past, hath been a great Lois to the Petitioners; the Merchants, for that Reason, not having bought the usual Quantities of Cloths: i'he Petitioners were, notwithstanding, encouraged to continue their Trade, upon the Hopes that Cochineal would be very cheap, because the flotilla was daily expected in Spain; but, by the late unfortunate Loss of the Flotilla, Cochineal is risen to an extravagant Price: the Petitioners, are like to be intirely ruined, for want of a Vend for their Cloth, of which they have great Parcels on hand, as well as the usual Exporters, who cannot dye, for want of Cochineal: And praying, That Cochineal may be imported from all Places, for so long as to your great Wif-doms shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of everal Merchants of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, Exporters of the Woollen Manufactures of this .' Kingdom; and the Petition of the principal Traders, and others,- concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, of and within the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts-, are referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an lustruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Commissioners of the Customs before they make any Report

Defaulters to The Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give the

<jall of the House an Account of what he had done in relation to ou'* Lewis Pryfc Esquire, who was, the Eighth of August last,

ordered to be lent for in Culiody, for not attending the Service of the House; he acquainted the House, That the Messenger be sent to bring up Mr. Pryfe, had been at his House at Gargathen; but that he was not there; or could the Mefl'enger have any Intelligence where he was.

Ordered, That Lewis Pryfe Esquire, do surrender himself into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House by this I)ay Month, at the farthest, upon pain

of incurring the farther Displeasure of this Iloule, and of being proceeded against with the utmost Severity.

Speedy Trial A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

of Rebeb. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied, or ffiaH Vor. 18.

levy, War against his Majesty, during the present Rebellion;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 206.

Tellers for the Noes, } 50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cowper, and Mr. Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, Insolvent resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House to Debton. consider further of the Bill for Relief of poor insolveat Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 30 die Febru;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Comelifon's

was read the Third time. . Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Henry Corneli/on.

Ordered, That Mr. Morrice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view the ErefHons i» Court erected in Westminster-haR; and report to the Westminster-House what Conveniences and Accommodations are made for the Members of this House, when the House shall be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the giving Judgment against the impeached Lords:

And it is referred to Mr. Broderick, Sir Orl. Bridge-man, Lord Wm.Powlet, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Eyles, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Liddall, Mr. , Mr.

Jrilkinson, Mr. Hill, Mr. London, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Morice, Sir John Browrdow, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Distot.,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Strickland, Mr. TufneV,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bromley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prolonging prolonging tile Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pur- rV?ef°5 suant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty s lDg a Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crow n in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors: And that Mr. Bond, Mr. Farrer, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Land Tax.* whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, f or the Service of the Year 1716.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair, of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, rcl’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And.

3<58 46- 6° Februarit, Jl. 1715-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Sabbati, 40 die Februarit \

Anno, a* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prate rs.

Knue&orough f\RD ERED, That Henry Slingsby and Cyril Ar-Election. thington Esquires, John Clarke, Richard Andrews, JohnCUti'keJoiner, and be it Liberty

to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of York-

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-. tions be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Regulating £ Petition of Thomas Blunt, John Searing, Charles

Coachmen. Sewell, Thomas Holland, Thomas Story, and Cornelius Jiofe, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Act, made in the Ninth Year of the late Queen Anne, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, it is Enacted, That Commissioners should be appointed for licensing and regulating Eight hundred Hackney Coaches, which, from the 24th Day of June 1715, during the Term of 32 Years, should be kept within London and Westminster, and the Bills' of Mortality; which is One hundred more than before was licensed; and the Tax of each of them is more than when there were but Seven hundred; and the Petitioners are now answerable for the Offences of their Servants, and are not protected from having their Employment incroached on by PeFfons not licensed: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make their Licences Assets in their Hands for the Term granted by the Act; and that all Penalties may be on Offenders; and that unlicensed Persons may be prevented using their Employment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of FaCfc; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Coningsby, Sir Arthur Kay, Lord Win. Poxolett, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Barrington Shiite, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Earl, Mr. Diston, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Lechmere, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Wallop, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Treby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jejfop, Mr. Law-son, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Benson, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Eyre, Sir John Norris, General Pepper, Mr. Bolder, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. JJtawney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Northei/, Mr. llcrne, Mr. London, Sir Wm. St. Quin-tin, Mr. Hcdworth, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Richard Fa-rington, Mr. Edgcombe, Mr. Serjeant Mead, Sir Wm.

Humphryes, General Rosse, Mr. Ash, Sir John Brown-low, Mr. Poxolett, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Vttafuder* to alta*nt of Mar, William Murray Esquire,

a ‘ commonly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and John Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refolxed, Nomine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

drefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gra- Apprehen-ciously pleased to iffee his Royal Proclamation, promising fion of Earl such Reward as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall °‘Mar»&c* think fit, to such Person or Persons as shall apprehend John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Dtummond, or any of them, in order to bring them to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege. Thomas Allen, John Prat, James Denham, John Robson, and others, have, in a forcible manner, entered upon the Possession of John Hedworth Esquire, a Member of this House, in the Parish of Chester-le-st reef, in the County of Durham, and funk a Pit, and dug Coal, there, and committed Spoil on the said Estate, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, kto examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luftce, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pray e rs.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Answer u Address hath been presented to his Majesty, That Addrefc. he would be graciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation, promising such Reward as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, should think fit, to such Person or Persons as shall apprehepd John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, or any of them, in order to bring them to Justice; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He would issue a Proclamation, according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole Sapply Bill; House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Ma- Land Tax. jesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for allowing Travelling-charges to Receivers General:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for adding new Commissioners Names for several Places, to put the Act in Execution:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

After which, the Preamble of the Bill was amended:

And several other subsequent Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

An Amendment, Fo. 21. L. 18. being proposed to be made, in relation to a Deduction or Allowance, to be made out of Rents of Estate?, upon account of Fee-farm Rents, by inferring these Words; " Provided such Deduction, or Allowance, doth not exceed the Rates " assessed by virtue of this Act, upon the Estate or Estates,

19 " out

2 Geo. I. 6° — 70

" out of which such purchased Fee-farm Rent or Rents " doth or do issue;"

And the Question being put. That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tplters for tho Yr as f Sir Laniard,

letters for the i cas,£

Tellers for the NoesJ ^r* letters for the INoes,. Mp

28.

17.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

and Mean*, night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mean3 for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. llefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-Privileges. tjons jje adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 70 die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PltAYERS.

JEreAion* in r 1 'HE Lord William reported from the Com-

Westminster- L mittee appointed to view the Court erected in it'ejl-fcalL minfer-hall, and report to the House what Coaveniencies

and Accommodations are made for the Members of this House, when the House shall be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the giving Judgment against: the impeached Lords, who have pleaded Guilty, That they had viewed the same accordingly; and find, that there are Accommodations for about Five hundred Persons.

Ordered, That no Persons but Members of this House do prelume to lit in the Places appointed for the Members in Westminster- hall, at the giving Judgment against the said impeached Lords.

Ordered, That the Passage for the Members of this House to and from their-Places in be

kept clear, for their more convenient Passage; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care accordingly.

Caliber’* Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the Bill for the Naturalization of Frederick was

committed, That they had goue through the Bill, and examined the fame; and had direfibed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That/o/w

0 burd. Steward to John Fortescue Aland Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General, a Member of this House, hath been arrested by Thomas Wright Baililfj and William Woodjin, a Bailiff s Follower, at the Suit of John Brecknock, by the Procurement of Hugh Jones, his Attorney, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the? House.

Pitto. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against John

Cj O

Hedworth Esquire, a Member of this House, upon Monday the 5th Day of March next.

Vol. 18.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Come- Privilege. lius Johnjbn, and John Potter, have caused Edvard Coward, Servant to Charles Ma/on Esquire, a Member of this House, to be arrested, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Spee<l v Try at ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and l'peedy Tryal of of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty during the present Rebellion: And the same . was received; and read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and Hugh Bethell Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, upon Wednesday the 7th Day of March next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

100.

44-

CLord Wm. Powlett,

( Mr. Jeffbp:

5 Sir Geo. Beaumont,

IfAx.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Inftxuttion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Win. Loxother, Baronet, Hugh Bethell, Esquire, and

Christopher Ilayford, Thomas Gilpin, Timothy Kiptin, George Jennings, Benjamin David Medici),

Robert Ward, John Popplewell, John Kiptin, John chinfon, Joshua Cooper, and John , Burgeftcs of the said Borough of Pontefract, on the behalf of themselves, and others the Burgesses of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, at the same time.

Ponte frad Election.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Sir Wm. Strickland Baronet, complaining of an Undue Election and Return for the Borough of,

in the County of York, upon the 26th Day of"

March next}

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 84-

Te,le.for, heNee5j|i;^ } »'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses, Electors for the said Borough of Malton, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, at the same time.

Malton

Eledioo.

Mr. Lcchmere reported from the Committee appointed p10Ceeding* to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceed- of Lords upon ings upon the Judgment to be given against the Six Lords Judgment to impeached for High Trealbn, and who have pleaded be KL'«n-Guilty to the fame, That they had inspe&ed the Lords Journals accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House what they found in them, in relation to the Lords Proceedings upon the Judgment to be given against the said Six Lords; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as follow s; viz.

That they do find, That the House of Lords have ad-drefi'ed to his Majesty, to appoint a Lord High Steward

5 B ' for

37° . 7* — 8° — 90

for the further Proceedings against the said Six impeached Lords, who had pleaded Guilty; and that his Majesty had given Directions accordingly:

That, the Judges being directed by the House of Lords to prepare a Form of a Commission for constituting a Lord High Steward, the Judges prepared a Form accordingly; which, with an Amendment, was agreed to by the House of Lords:

And the Committee, having examined the Entry of the said Commission, and compared it with the Commission in the same of the Lord Viscount , find the fame

to agree with the Form of the Commission of Lord High Steward which was settled, and agreed on, by both Houses of Parliament, for the Tryal of the Lord Viscount Stafford:

And that they do also find, That the House of Lords have ordered, That the Lord High Steward be directed to alk the said impeached Lords, in the usual manner, if they have any thing to offer in Arrestof Judgment:

That the Counsel, assigned to the said several Six Lords, may be present when they are at the Bar, that if any thing is offered in Arrest of Judgment, which the Lords may think proper to hear Counsel upon, they may be heard.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, to whom the Answer of the Earl of Winton to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him was referred, be appointed Managers on behalf of the Commons, in case any thing shall be offered in Arrest of Judgment, on behalf of the Six impeached Lords, who have pleaded Guilty.

Ordered, That the Managers now appointed do first o out of the House to the Places appointed for them in Westminster-hall, before the other Members do go out of the House.

Ordered, That after Mr. Speaker shall have left the Chair according to the Resolution of the House, to be present at the giving Judgment against the- impeached Lords, who have pleaded Guilty, as a Committee of the whole House, the Members be called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual, for their more regular proceeding.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the House till the County for and in which he serves be called.

Ordered, That the Constables of Westminster do give their Attendance, for keeping the Passages to and from Westminster-hall clear, that the Members of this House may not be incommoded.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8# die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

Speedy Tryal A BILL for the more easy and speedy Tryal of such «f Rebels. f\ Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty during the present Rebellion, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

liejolved, That the Bill be committed. llejolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

llejolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon thg laid Bill.

S«pply Bill; An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Laud lax. ^y a Land Tax in Great for the Service of the

Year 1716, was read the Third time.

The several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 25. To insert " together with such other " Persons as are in this Act hereafter named

Pr. 35. L. 33. To leave out " Rates," and to insert Sum:"

Februarii. A. 1715*

L. 34. After " the," insert (< whole Pr. 47. L. 13. To leave out " like;" and,

L. 15. To insert " like," before " Declara-

" tion:"

Pr. 77. L. 14. To leave out " Nineteen," and to insert " Nine:"

Pr. 78. L. 13. After " Pence," to insert " HalfPeny

L. 20. The same Amendment:

L. 26. The same Amendment:

L. 28. The same Amendment:

Pr. 87. L 1 o. After " Radford," insert " Ilbert " Esquire, of Bowringsleigh

L. 11. After " Durham," to insert " Henry " Grey Esquire, John Sibbit, Anthony Compton, Thomas

" JVutfon, Edward Nealfon, Matthew Forster

L. 31. After " Ingston," to insert " Tho.

" Carpenter Esquire, of the Homin

Pr. 88. L. 36. After " Wakelyn," to insert " Major " Boyle Smyth

L. 37. Before " Tho." to insert " Sir " nael Mead, Serjeant at Law

Pr. 88. L. 39. After " Cafs," to insert " Godden " Woolfe, of Hackney

Pr. 89. L. 17. Before " for," to insert " Thomas ford, Dr. of Physick

L. 19. After " Esquire," to insert " Mr. Wm.

" Enfeild, of Whitley"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding, at the End thereof, " For the County " of Norfolk, Benjamin Holly It paised in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed, by adding, at the End of the Bill, these Words, " For the Town of wick, and Dover Court, Sir Philip Parker Baronet, Sir " Isaac Rebow Knight, Tho. Heath, Tho. Wceley, Jere-

" miah Shaw, Nathanael Lawrence, Robert Honyweod,

" Esquires

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716,

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Ducane, Mr. it*guUti«g Bridges, Mr. Swft, Sir John Wird, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Hackney Lade, Mr. Tufnel, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Thomp- Cotchm*-Jim, Si v Win.Daines, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Newland, Mr. Eve-

lyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Blunt, John Searing, Charles Sewell, Thomas Holland, Thomas Story, and Cornelius Roje, on behalfof themselves, and the rest of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, ft referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 9* die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Pultcncy presented to the House, according to Preventing Order, a Bill for preventing Mutiny and Defer- Mutiny anS tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their D*^crtion-Quarters: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Ease of Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and in Sheri®*. 20 passing

2 Geo. I.

9° — 10° Februarii. 371

passing their Accounts: And that Mr. Serjeant Mr. Lozcther and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

Te«s on paf- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

sing Sheriffs Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Accounts, Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Fees taken by the Officers of the Exchequer for pulling Sheriffs Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Preparing The Orders of the Seventh Instant were read, That no Places for Persons, but Members of this House do presume to lit in JuTment*31 Places appointed for the said Members

gkvui. Hall, at the giving Judgment against the impeached Lords; and for the clearing the Passage to and from the said Place:

And the Serjeant at Arms was directed to go and clear the said Places, according to the said Orders.

And he went accordingly.

Then the Journal, in relation to the Impeachment against Doctor Sacheverell 270 Februarii, 8° was

read; where it appeared, That, for the more regular Proceeding of the Members, Mr. Speaker was desired to itay, after he had left the Chair, till the last; and so all the Members to proceed as the Counties were called; and that the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, fit behind the Managers, in one of their Seats, to be at hand, if any tiling should be wanting, or should be required of them, by the Managers; and that the Managers, who were of the Long Robe, be without their Gowns:

And the same Matters were now again directed.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them. That this House being informed, that several Persons do come into the Place where their Lordships are to fit in Westminster-hall, and from thence into the Places appointed for the Members of this House; they do desire, That their Lordships will order the said Place to be cleared of all Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the said Message to the Lords.

The Serjeant at Arms being returned, he acquainted the House, That there are several Persons in the Places appointed for the Members, and in the Passages leading to the said Places.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody all such Persons as shall be in the Places prepared for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, before the Members do go into

their Places; and also all such Persons as shall attempt to come into the Places while the Members of this House are fitting the re.

Mr. West reported, That he had been at the Lords; and delivered the Message directed by this House: And that the Lords have given Orders accordingly.

tohearjudg- The Order for the House to be present at the giving meat givin. Judgment against the Six impeached Lords, as a Committee of the whole House, being read;

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers, in case any thing should be offered by the said Lords in Arrest of Judgment, be called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Judgment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual: And they went into Westminster-hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Yor.. 18.

Veneris 1 o° die Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Guidot, Mr. 1 Valter, Mr. Regulating Lonvndes, Mr. Bond, Mr. AUifon, Mr. Oheden, Mr. ?"ck1"eyn Henley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Trenchard, 46 Mr. Burridge, be added to the Committee, tp whom the Petition of Thomas Blunt, John Searing, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, is referred.

A Bill for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Preventing the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Jape Privilege. Phillips had caused William Hitchcock, a Servant of Major General John Pepper, a Member of this House, to be arrested at her Suit; and to be detained in Prison several Days; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered [That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address-be presented to his Coinage Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Duiy' refitions to the chief Officers of the Mint to lay before this House, an Account of the clear Produce of the Coinage Duty for the Three several Years last past, respectively; and also of the Charge of coming Gold and Silver Money; and the established Charge of the Mint in England and Scotland, and incident Charges attending the fame, for the said Three Years respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Complaint being made to the House, from the Com- P°ors and mittee appointed to inspect the Poor’s Rates, and the Sea-vengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, That Mr. John Tovey, One of the Vestrymen of the

Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, had intuited and abusedCharles Medlycot Esquire, Oneof his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City o{ Westmish respect to the Evidence by him given before the said Committee;

Resolved, That Mr. John Tovey, One of the Vestrymen of the ParitJi of St. Martins in the Fields, having intuited Charles Medlycot Esquire, One his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City of Westminster, on account of the Evidence given by the said Mr. Medlycot before a Committee of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Tovey be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for stealing the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, Cattle, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, is committed, be revived:

And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five of tire Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Treby presented to the House, according to Order, commission-a Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, er for Army and (taring, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of D«bt*. Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased: And the same was -received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Billdje read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning g.

next, pp 7'

37-2. i,o° — 11° — 130 FSruarii. A. 1715.

next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 11° die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715*

P a a y e n s.

Coife Caflfc ./~\RD E RED, ’That John and Rickard

l£le<aion. Bonnes El’quires, beat Liberty to'withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Corse Cain the County of Dor jet.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections he discharged from proceeding upon the -laid Petition.

tad of

Via tan’* Ian pejtchueDt.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr jholfos'd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have appointed Tthe Eighth Day of JUarch next for the Tryal of George Earl of IE in fVcstndiister-hall, upon the Impeaclmientof High Treason exhitiited against him by this House.

And then the Alefleagers withdrew.

’Caliber’* An ingrafted Bill for the Naturalization of Frederick *‘aL Gidiker, was read the Third time.

Ricfbhced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Naturalization of Frederick Guliker.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lunce^ 130 die Febru \

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pe ate its.

ABI L L for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and Preventing for the better Payment of the Army and their Mutiny aal Quarters, was read a Second time. Defernon.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ComcHfuff for naturalizing Henry Corntlifon, without Amendment. Nat.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Speedy Trysi Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Tryal of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty during the present Rebellion, wras committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were puce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

Conamiffiooer for Army Debts.

Speedy Tryal of Rebels.

A Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, A Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing Expeiitiae and stattn<i, the Debts due to the Army, in the room oft^in, New in behalf of themselves, and others, Canxia.

Thomas Smith Esquire, deocafed, was read a Second time, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed. the Petitioners, their Agents and Factors, and other Per-

Rejolccd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee fens residing in New England aforesaid, did furnifti the of the w hole House. Government with very considerable Sums of Money for

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning the Expedition to; and received Bills of Exchange

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, , for the fame, drawn by General Sir Hovendcm

upon the said Bill. Walker, and others, Agents and Ministers for the Crown, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- on the Treasury Board, and other Officers, pursuant to tcc, That they have Power to receive a Clause for conti- her late Majesty’s I nft ructions to them for that Purpose: ruing the Powers granted in the former Act for appoint- That, notwithstanding her said late Majesty was pleased to ing Commissioners to take,'examine, andftate, the Debts promise, in a Letter of Credit, read to the Merchants in due to the Army, from the Tenth Day of September next, those Parts, punctual Payment of the said Bills; yet the to the Tenth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Petitioners have not been able to get more than a Part of Sixteen. feme of the said Bills hitherto paid, and of others no Part

at all, after a long and tedious Attendance on the late Lord The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Treasurer, and divers References to the Auditors of the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more Imprefts, w ithout Effect: And praying this'honourable easy and ijienly Tryal of such Persons as have levied, or House to make feme Provision for the Monies they so shall levy, War against his Majesty during the present cheerfully advanced for the Ufa of the Crown, pursuant Rebellion. to her late Majesty’s Instrufilions: which they have been

Air. Speaker left the Chair. so long kept out of, to the great Prejudice of their Trades,

Air. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee. and Families; and will be pleased to allow Interestfor the

Mr. Speaker rdumod the Chair. fame.

Air. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-had gone through the Bill; and made several Amend- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the meals thereunto; which they had directed him to report. Matter of Faff; and report the same to the House: when the House will please to receive the same. And it is referred to Sir John Ward, Mr. Dodington,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Air. Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Alorning next. cot, Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir

Tho. Scazven, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Walpole, Chancellor And then the House adjourned till Monday Exchequer, General Earl, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Aloming, Nine of the Clock. Cony err, M r. West erne, Mr. Barrington Shute, Air

jon, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Radge, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir John Brownlow, Admiral Wager, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Air. Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Smith, Sir Gco.Bing, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. LordConingsby,

Sir N Mr. Mr. Secretary Stanhope,

Mr.

2 Geo. I. 13° — 140

Mr. Craggs, Mr. Bril ife, Mr. Herne, General Rosse, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir James Bateman, Mr. White, Mr.

Shepheard, Mr. Norris, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Vernon, Mr. t , Sioper, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Richard Gough, Sir Tko. Crojj'e, Mr. Dodamnique, Mr. Mr. Stnithfon, Mr.

Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Per Ions, Papers, and Records.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ref0ive ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the; Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of several Expences incurred for the Service of his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1715, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several extraordinary Expences, relating to his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1716, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pr AYERS.

Stealing fiRDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Com-

Cattle. initlee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Maiming of Cattle.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be received,

ggppl^ Mr.-Ftf/rer, according to Order, reported, from the Com-

imttee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and a Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good several Expences for the Service of his Majesty’s Land Forces,

Vot- 18.

Februarii\ 373

in the Year 1715, over and above the Sum of 132,563/. gs. 6d. saved by the Pay of Thirteen Regiments of Dragoons, Eight Regiments of Foot, and Four Companies of the Coldstream Regiment, from the 21 ft of July 1715, to the 24th'of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-six thousand and T welve Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty for several Extraordinary Expences for the Service of his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1716.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the more cafy and Speedy Trial speedy Tryal of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, of Rebels. War against his Majesty, during the present Rebellion, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Preventing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Mutiny and Bill for preventing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the Desertion. better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to apply tire Money, called White-coat-money, which was collected in the County of Dorset, in the Year 1688, and which remains unaccounted for, to the finding Arms for the Foot Militia of the said County.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pultevey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteneyreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Commission-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon er for Army the Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, Debts* and stating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased;

Resolved, Tltat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Navy Debu> miralty, presented to the House, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, on the Heads therein mentioned, as it stood on the 31 ft of December 1715: And also,

An Account of the Money, Tallies, <§'C. remaining in -the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1715, over and above the Assignments on them from the Navy Board; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the Debt of the Navy, in case it shall be all applied to the Service thereof:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Estimate and Accounts are as follows; viz.

5 C Navy

374 14 0 Februarii.' 1715.

Navy Office,) An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 19th January 1715.] as it stood on the 31 ft of December 1715.

Heads of the Naval Estimate3.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered on) the Course of the Navy for Stores, &c. supplied for* the Service thereof - - - J1

For the Freight of Tenders; as also for Stores delivered,) into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills f were made out on the aforesaid 31 ft of December 1715; £ as also for several Bills of Exchange - - -)

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordi-'1 nary and Extraordinary thereof - - - -f

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establish-V inent made by his Majesty in Council, on that behalf)

Seamens Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid) off frnce the late Resolution; which, per Estimate,? may require the Sum of - -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31 ft of )

17 >5.....i

Particulars.

Before this Reign.

£. S. d.

To discharge, and pay off, all the Bills entered in Course* for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries,. Bounties Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Seai, the Head of Seamens Wages

in Course") unties to f 1, 8$c. on f

Victualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for Short-allowance to the Companies of his Ma ") jesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -y

For Bills on their Course; as also Bills of Exchange from') foreign Parts; and for necessary and extraordinary ne- f cessary Money, and Wages, to the Officers, Workmen, J and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, tyc. -J

Sick and Wounded: The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for the Service of sick and wounded Seamen serving on board his Majesty's Fleet -

Total -

11,803 18 2

3,800-----

120,844 8 4 276,441-----

81,810 18 5

21,274 8 7

749 »4 2

516,724 7 8

Since this Reign.

£. s. d.

137,027

15,285 12 3

212,22p-----

32,986-----

TOTAL

£. s. d.

413,122 10 5

2,734 13 6

244,788-----> 649,865 1 i<

5,57-----.

20,393 18

107,424 5

J

230,903 10 7

7,3oi 13 7

785,218 2 11

8,051 7 9

1,301,942 10 7

The total Sum is One million Three hundred and One thousand Nine hundred and Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence.

Cha. Wager, Ja. , Cha.

D. Lyddall, R. Burton, J. Fancier.

Cha. Cornwall,

N avy

k

g

cq'

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

Navy Oilice, > An ACCOUNT of the Money, Tallies, §c. remaining in the late and present Treasurerst of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1715* over and above the 19th January \ 5 Assignments on them from the Navy Board; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the Debt of the Navy, in case it shall be all applied to the Service thereof. o

w

I11 what Treasurer’s Hands.

Executors of Sir The. Littleton

Char. Civfar Esquire

John Aijlaby Esquire

In Monies, Tallies, and South Sea Stock.

In Money -

In Tallies on Reversion of Annuities

In Money -

In South Sea Stock -

In Money....

In Tallies on Reversion of Annuities on the Land Tax, A 1715

In South Sea Stock -

In Stock for raising Annuities, after the Rate of 5/. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1715 -

In Tallies on Malt, Anno 1715

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear and Ordinary.

£. s.

6,458 9 9i

78 16 61

7,299 18 6i

13.837 4 ioi

Seamens Wages.

£. s. d.

1,255 10 9

9 11

1,550 10 6i

2,815 12 3!

Victuals.

£. s. d. 80 — 2

247 8 —

2,129 16 9

10,836 2 4i

13,293 7 31

Reserved for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct.

£. s. d.

4,744

:i

39,089-----

199,193 " 51 185,859 3 4

124,440-----

22,000-----

575,325 3 9*

TO TAT.

£. s. d.

6,079 10 11

8,924 2 1

590,267 15 3

605,271 8 3

Cha. Wager, Ja. Acworth,

R. Burton, J. Faxcl

Charles S

D. Lyddell.

Cha. Cornwall,

Vj

cn

Stima rated or charged.

Launceston

Election.

Prolonging Time for taking Oaths.

Commission-cr for Army Debts.

Regulating

Hackney

Coachmen.

3 7<S 140 — 15° — 16° Februarii. A. 1715.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account, shewing how much Senna was rated, or charged, before the Act passed, in the Third Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, wherein it is mentioned to be used in Dyeing; and how much it has been rated, or charged, since; and to what Use the said Commodity is usually applied.

Ordered, That the fakl Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

r\RDEHED, That Sir William Pendarvis Knight, and Charles St a thorn Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition^ complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Dunheved, alias in the County of Chrirual.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upoa the said Petition.

Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for prolonging the Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Perl'on and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs, of the late Princess being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and dating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Treby reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will pltafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord William Porwlet reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Blount, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was referred. That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee, having heard the said Petitioners, and the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches their Observations thereupon, came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill forth Relief of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And that the Lord IVm.

Powlett, Lord Coningsby, and Mr. Treby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Conference be Conference desired with the Lords, in relation to the Course of Proceedings on Impeachments exhibited by the Commons,

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up what is proper to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Mr.

Lechmere, hoed Coningsby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exche1 quer, Mr. Comptroller, Sir IVm St. Quintin, Mr. Aisla-bie, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Barrington Shiite, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Whitmore, Mr. Cowper, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Treby, Lord Pmclett, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Recorder, Mr. Solicitor General; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Money Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct, That appropriated an Account of the Distribution of the Money appropriated to the Service of the Navy, in the Year 1715, under the several Heads thereof, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported, from the Preventing

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny and preventing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Defemon-Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent Papists lifting themselves in the Army:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " Naval Stores, or Ships of War: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 16 die Februarii; f Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts Importing was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Cochiuea!. That great Quantities of Cloth were used to be dyed into Grain Colours, for Exportation, and the Home Trade:

That, the Price of Cochineal having been very high for feme time past, which hath been a great Loss to the Petitioners; the Merchants, for that Reason, not having bought the usual Quantities of Cloths: the Petitioners were, notwithstanding, encouraged to continue their Trade, upon the Hopes that Cochineal would soon be very cheap;

5J because

2 Geo. I. - jo- — if Februarii. $77

because the Flotilla was daily expected. in Spain, with a larger Supply of that Commodity; but, by the late no-fortunate Loss of the Flotilla, Cochineal is risen to an extravagant Price; . the Petitioners are likely to be intirdy ruined for want of a Vent for their Cloth: And praying. That Cochineal may be imported from all Places, for so long as in your great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants of in behalf of themselves,

and others, Exporters of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and also the Petition of the principal Traders, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, of and within the City of New , in the County of Wilts; are referred.

importing A Petition of the Headfmen, Wardens, and Assistants, Cochineal. Gf foe Company of Worsted Weavers in the City of Norwick, and County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That whereas the Lois of a great Quantity of Cochineal in the Fleet, lately

cast away, has made it very fcnrce and dear; which is a great Prejudice to the Weaving Trade in general, but more especially to us, who make so great a Consumption of it: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal, during such time as this honourable House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, Exporters of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom1; and also the Petition of the principal Traders, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, of and within the City of New in the County of

Wilts, are referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Gery and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply BUI; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716, without Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Commis- Mr. Treby, according to Order, reported, from the fioner for Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Army Debts, appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and stating, the Debts*due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughbut; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Resolved, That the said Commissioner be chosen by Balloting.

Resolved, That no Person be capable of being the said Commissioner who bath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Commissioner may be a Member of this House.

Resolved, That no Person who hath been, or is, an Agent, be capable of being the said Commissioner.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Saturday next, at One of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of one Person’s Name, to be a Commissioner in the said Bill.

Conference Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee vith Lords appointed to draw up what is proper to be offered to the >n Impeach- Lords, at a Conference with the Lords, in relation to the Yients. Course of Proceedings on Impeachments exhibited by the Commons, That they bad drawn up the same accord-Vol, 18.

ingly; and bad directed him to report the same to the House; which Ire read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

The Commons, observing, at the proceeding to Judgment against James Earl off De/went water, Lord

Widdrmgton, Wm. Earl of Nithifdale Robert Earl of Carrrwath, Wm. Viscount Kemmre, and William Lord Nairn, That several Matters bad, by feme of the said Lords, been delivered in to the House of Lords, in Writing, at the time they pleaded Guilty to the Impeachment exhibited against them by the Commons, do propose to your Loraships, as a Parliamentary Course to be observed for the future, That all Writings delivered in to the House of Lords by Persons impeached by the Commons, at the time when they put in their Answers or Pleas, or true Copies of such Writings, be forthwith sent to the Commons.

Ordered, That Sir John Hobart do go to the Lords,. and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Desertion of more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons 5old‘era> as shall seduce Seamen or Soldiers to desert; or who, being,

Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service:

And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Lechmcre, the Lord Coningsby, and General Lumley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and spepdy Tryal Speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against of Rebels* his Majesty, during the present Rebellion, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. # L. by leaving out " are now," and, afterwards, to insert, ‘‘on the 23d Day of Jimuary, in the Year " of our Lord 1715, were."

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And the Question. being put, That the Words are c< now" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for- toe Y«s,[ Pmktt' j ,99.

Tellers ft, toe Noes,} } 83.

.So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Tryal of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hobart reported, That he having, accord- Conference ing to a Direction of the House, been at the Lords, with Lords to desire a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vimerit, 17* die Februarii \

Anno 2* Georgii Regfs, 1715*

Prayers.

SI R Richard Sand ford presented to the House, pur- Coinag* suant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of Duty, the clear Produce of the Coinage Duty for the Three several Years last past respectively: And an Account of the

5 D Charge

r

Die ed by

Enfeild

378 17 0 FebruariA. 1715.

Charge of coining Gold and Silver Money; and the efta- And the Title thereof was read, blished Charge of the Mint in England and Scotland, and The laid Account is as follows; viz,

incident Charges attending the same:

Ay ACCOUNT of the clear Produce of the Coinage Duly for the Three several Years last past respectively.

The Produce of this Duty was, £. s. d.

From 25th December 1712 to Ditto 1713 - 8,039 — 11

From 25th December 1713 to Ditto 1714 ----- 8,720 19 — f

From 25th December 1714 to Ditto 1715 - 11,894 9 8

Total - - 28,654 9

As ACCOUNT of the Charge of coining Gold and Silver Money; and the established Charge of the Mint in England and Scotland, and incident Charges attending the fame.

Charge of a flaying, refining, and reducing, the Bullion to Standard -

Charge of melting and coining the Gold and Silver Monies - -

Allaying and trying the Pix -

Stationary-ware, and mending the Scales and Weights

Total Charge arising by the Coinage - £.

Charge of receiving the Money at the Exchequer -

Palling the Accounts -....

Half the Diet -

Established Salaries -

Repairs of Houses and Offices -

Allowance to the Moneyers, now ceased -Allowance to a Clerk, now ceased - -

Several linall Incidents -

Established Charge of the Mint in Scotland Establishment for prosecuting Clippers and Coiners, not to) exceed 400l. per Ann. This Charge hath been about j

' Total Charge of both Mints - -

CHARGES arising by the Coinage ou the Years ending at Christmas

r 1713- 1714. 1715* —

£. s. d. £. S. d. £. s. d.

172 19 11 33» 8 6 499 13 7

4,474 9 9* 9»72i 12 10 12,840 6 — i

118 10 5 - - 5 8 17 8

16 2 — 22 10 — 26 6 —

4,782 2 if 10,075 10 4 13.425 3 3f

17 15 6 81 16 . — 37 *7 —

107 1 6 106 1 6 106 1 6

29 12 — 35 2 5 24 16 8

2,59° — — 2,590 — - — 2,59° — —

370 2 6 375 11 10 358 6 —

400 — — 300 — —

24 19 11 - -

140 18 3 157 140 3 5

1,200 — — 1,200 — — 1,200 — —

250 — — 250 — — 250 — —

9>9,‘2 11 9f 15,171 8 1 18,132 7 10f

Mint Office,

16". Feb. 1715.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by Act of Parliament, for amending the Road from Shoreditch to the furthermost Part of Enfeild, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That since the Palling of the said Act of Parliament, there has been laid out, over and above all the Toll produced by the Turnpikes, above 3,5001. occasioned by the Roads being gone so very much to Ruin and Decay, and by the great Length thereof, the same being 12 Miles from London, or thereabout; and, upon, a Computation made, most, if not all, the Toll, for the Term to come in the said Act, ought to be laid out in the Highway; whereby the Money borrowed cannot be repaid; for, if it should, the Road mult, of Necessity, go to Decay again: And notwithstanding the re was at first advanced and lent 3,000l. for a Year, without Interest; and although the Trustees have always borne their own Expences in the Execution of the said Act, yet they find, if 4hey should pay off any of the principal Money borrowed, the said Road cannot be effectually mended: And there being several Clauses wanting in the said Act, to prevent the evading the Toll to be collected at the Turnpikes; and for the more effectually obliging the several Inhabitants to do their Statute-work, ana keep their Ditches and Watercourses scoured and cleansed: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for lengthening the Time of the said Act of Parliament, with such other Clauses for the more effectually mending the said Road, as to this honourable House shall seem fit and' redson-able.

Richard Sand ford,

Isaac Newton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Smith/on, and Mr. Gould, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Tovey, One of the Vestrymen of the Privilege — Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in Custody of the Ser- a Person in jeant at Arms attending this House, for insulting and abusing Charles Medlycot Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Discharge. Justices of the Peace for the City of Win respect to the Evidence by him given before the Committee appointed to inspect the Poors Rates, and the Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas the Petitioner, upon a Complaint made from the Committee appointed to inspect the Poors Rates, and the Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, that the Petitioner had insulted and abused Charles Medlycot Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City of Westminster, in respect to the Evidence by him given before the said Committee, was adjudged guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House; and that the Petitioner, for the said Breach of Privilege, was ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms then attending, and at this present doth remain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, unless relieved herein by your Honours: That forasmuch as the Petiti- ' oner is greatly sensible of his Misdemeanor, and, in most humble manner, begs the Pardon of your Honours for such his Transgression: And praying, That your Honours would, in your great Goodness, take this his same into Consideration; and please to grant, that he may, through the

a Geo. I. 17° Februariu 379

the Favour of this House, be discharged from the Confinement he now lieth under, on account of his Offence aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said John Toney b« brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Prolonging A Bill for prolonging the Time for Persons to take the Time for Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Security of his takingOaths. \fajdjy>s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princefe Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, ana his open and secret Abettors; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Expedition Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his to Canada. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House a Copy of her late Majesty’s Instructions to the Governors of New England, her General, and Admiral, and other Officers, concerned in the Expedition to Canada; together with all Letters,

Orders, InstruQions, and Directions, given by her laid late Majesty, or any of her Ministers, relating to the said Expedition; and all other Papers concerning the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House all Orders Instructions and Directions, given to the late Paymaster of the Army} and all Letters, and other Papers relating to the said Expedition to Canada; together with all the original Bills of Exchange drawn on account of the said Expedition, and Warrants for their Acceptance; with a Copy of all the Proceedings, and other Matters, relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Grant* for miralty, presented to the House an Account of Monies ^avy Ser* granted in the Session of Parliament beginning the 17th of March 1714, for the Service of the Navy, exclusive of virr*. the Ordnance, according to the Votes of the House of Commons of the Second of April, the Tenth of May, and the Eleventh of August, last:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Yc l. 18.

Any

Ik

Ordered,

Navy Office, An ACCOUNT of Monies granted in the Session of Parliament beginning the 17th March 1714, for the Service of the Navy, exclusive of the Ordnanoe, According VM

17* Januarii 1715. to the Votes of the honourable House of Commons of the 2d of April, 10th of , and of the nth of August, lad, and of the -appropriating Clause, Page 410, QQ

in the Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, &c. for maintaining 10,000 Men at Sea 13 Months, and 6,000 Men for Half* Year; Tor the Q Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1715, including the Half Pay to Sea Officers; and for the extraordinary Repairs of the Tleet; with the Proportions, -according to

the usual Medium, allowed to each of the Naval Heads; and what the Treasurer of the Navy hath certified to have received thereon to the 31st of 171$;

prepared pursuant to an Order from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty of the 16th Lnstant; viz.

Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to the Sea Officers. Extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet. For 10,000 Men 13 Months, and 6,000 Mon Half a Year. TOTAL

r 1 Wear and Tear. Seamens Wages. Vifhials.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. i. £. s. <L

The full Proportions - ----- 233,471 — 11 237,277 228,150 253>5o 160,550 1,112,948 — 11

Whereof has been certified to be received by the Treasurer of the Navy,") and has been applied accordingly ----- -j 96,500 - 166,417 19 4 159,024 129,705 3 -i©: 551,647 5

So remained, on the 31st December palt, to*be applied - - - 136,971 — 11 237,277 61,732 — 8; 94.476 30,844 16 a; 561,300 17 g

But, towards completing the said 561,300l. 17 s.gd. the said Treasurer has certified to have further received, and to be remaining in ins Hands, on the fold 31st pad,

as undermentioned; to be applied as the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall dir eft j viz.

£. s. d.

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1715 - -- - - - - ----- 199>,l93 5*

In South Sea Stock, subscribed into the Books of the said Company - ----- 185,859 3 4

In Stock, subscribed into the Fund for railing Annuities at 5/. per Cent, by the Bank of England - -- -l 24,440 "

In Tallies on Malt, Anno 1715 - -- -- -- - - -- -- 23,000

531,492 3 9*

However, there was wanting, to complete the ,full Proportions granted for the Navy, the Sum of - -- - 29,808 13

£. 561,300 17 9

J. Aitlabie, Cha. Wage, Cha. Cornwall.

170 FebrttarH. A. 1715.

% Geo. I. 17® — 18° 381

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Conference The Time being come for the Conference with the with Lords Lords, in relation to the Proceedings of Impeachments jnent»!>eaCk* e*bibited by the Commons;

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to prepare what was proper to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords what the House had directed.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, lo Rills, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Two publick Bills, and One private Bill, following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716:

An Act to attaint John Earl of Mar, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of James

Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond Esquire, commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason:

An Act for naturalizing Henry:

utmost Importance to the future Safety, Ease, and Prosperity, of my People.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his gin^*h Majesty on the Success with which it has pleased Almighty "

God to blels his Arms, in driving the Pretender out of his Majesty’s Dominions; and humbly to beseech his Majesty,

That he will use the most pressing and earnest Instances with all Powers in Amity with his Majesty, not to receive, or give Protection to, the Person who has presumed, in so publick a manner, to invade this Kingdom: To afiure his Majesty, that this House does so entirely depend upon his Goodness, and Concern for his People, that they will chearfully enable his Majesty utterly to subdue the Malice of his Enemies; and will take the most effectual Measures for the Safety of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and Tranquillity of his Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr Comptroller, Colonel Grahme,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lmrther,

Mr. Neuport, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Craggs, Lord Win. Mr.

ney, Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Stanhope,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Lord Neuport, Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. M Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Hobart, Mr.

Whitmore: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

The King’s Speech.

And that afterwards his Majesty was pleased to command the Lord Chancellor to declare, in his Majesty’s Name and Words, the Causes of his coming to his Parliament at this time, besides the passing the Bills which were ready for the Royal Assent; as they were contained in a Speech,- which his Majesty delivered to the Lord Chancellor from the Throne: Which Speech the Lord Chancellor read to both Houses; and of which, Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I TAKE this Opportunity of acquainting you, That my Forces have obliged the Pretender to fly out of Scotland -, and he is since, as I am informed, landed near Gravelines: But I don’t know yet, whether any Country in Amity with us w ill give him Protection, after baring fopublickly invaded our Kingdom.

The Dangers, to which the Nation was exposed, made me determine, that neither the extraordinary Rigour of the Season, nor any fallacious Proposal of the Rebels, should divert me. from using all possible Endeavours towards putting a speedy and effectual End to this unnatural Rebellion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. Earl, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Mr.

Lowther, Sir Gibert Heathcote, Mr. Mr. Dif-

ton, Mr. Gods rey, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. London, Mr. Tuf-nall, Mr. Lade, Mr. Gold, Mr. Ducane, Mr. Masters, be added to the Committee, to w horn the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in England, in behalf of themselves, and others, w as referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 18* di Februarii;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mull return you my Thanks for the great Progress you have made in the Supplies. The necessaryDispositions are made for raising additional Forces; but, as I shall always consult the Ease of my People, as far as it is con-filtent with their owm Security, I shall not make use of the Confidence you have placed in me, unless the restless Malice of our Enemies should make it necessary to go 'on with those Levies.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I promise myself, from the Zeal and Wisdom of this Parliament, that the future Happinelsand Tranquillity of my Subjefits will be established on a solid Foundation; and such Measures taken, as may deprive our Enemies at home of the Power, since that alone can deprive them of the Inclination, again to attempt the Disturbance of my Government: This, therefore, is what I think myself obliged to recommend to you, as a Deliberation of the Vol. 18.

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

QRD E RE D, That Herbert Rudhale West fating and v Nicholas Philpot Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw Iheir Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Hereford.

Ordered, That the Freemen of the said City, who petitioned on the behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of the said City, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining also of an undue Election and Return for the said City.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petitions.

A Petition of Gerard Roeters, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance;

5 E but

Supply.

Expedition to Canada.

Hereford

Election.

Roeter'i

Nat.

Prhrileg# — i person repri m&nded and discharged*

Addrefe on

King's

Speech.

38a

18° — 20* Februarii.

A. 1715.

but constantly professed the true Protestant Religion; and hath given Testimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner’s Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morice and Sir Tho. Hales do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

i John Taney, One of the Vestryroen of the Parish of St.Martin in the Fields, in Custody of the Serjant at

Arms, was, according to the Order of Yesterday, brought to the Bar, in order to his Discharge: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the Resolution of Yesterday, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had di-refited him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjefits the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do, with Hearts full of Gratitude, return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne j and do beg Leave most heartily to congratulate with your Majesty upon the Succeis with which it has pleased Almighty God lb far to blefe your Arms, as to force the Pretender out of your Majesty’s Dominions.

We are willing to hope, that no Prince or State in Amity with your Majesty will give Refuge, Countenance, or Protection, to a Person who, in so notorious a manner, has disturbed the Peace of your Kingdoms: But the Dangers to which your Majesty’s Sacred Person, and Government, the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of our Country, have been once exposed, by this vile Attempt, would leave your Commons without Excuse to those they represent, if they should fee, with Patience, the Nation exposed to the like Hazard for the future, by the Pretender to your Majesty’s Crown being Iheltered in your Neighbourhood: We do therefore make it our humble Request to your Majesty, That you will use the most earnest and pressing Instances with all Princes and States in Amity with your Majesty, That he may not be harboured in their Territories': And we beg Leave to give your Majesty the Itrongeft Assurances, That we will, to the utmost of our Power, contribute whatever shall, by your Majesty, be judged necessary to render those Instances effectual.

The tender Regard which your Majesty expresses for the Ease of your People, in declining to put the Nation to any farther Ex|>ence, at present, for additional Forces, does, if possible, heighten that Confidence which we so justly had repoled in you: But we beseech your Majesty, that, in settling the Proportion of Forces to be maintained this Year by Sea and I^rnd, your Majesty will have such a regard to the Disposition and Preparations of our Neighbours, from time to time, as to provide effectually for the Security of your Kingdoms against any Power that shall presume to countenance or abet the Pretender.

Your Commons cannot sufficiently express the just Sense they have of your Majesty’s consummate Wisdom, and firm Resolution, not to be diverted or amused by any Difficulties of the Season, or any specious Artifices, from pursuing the Rebels in Scotland to their faveral Retreats; since that Method alone could restore, and secure with Honour, Peace and Tranquillity to that Part of your Dominions.

It is with the utmost Concern we observe, that the Malice and Inveteracy of our Enemies at home is so great, that they want not the Inclination to disturb your Majesty’s Government; but your faithful Commons, in Duty

to your Majesty, and Love for their Country, will endeavour to deprive them of the Power, by taking such prudent and necessary Measures, as may most effectually secure the future Safety, Ease, and Prosperity, of your People.

The said Address was read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be- presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to hb Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Members CommifBoocr to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of a Person’s for Army Name to be a Commissioner for putting ih Execution the Debts*

Bill to appoint a Commission for taking, examining, and Hating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased;

The Clerk, and Clerk ^ffistant* went on each Side of the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members Lists of a Person’s Name to be the said Commissioner:

And the said Lifts being received, and brought up to the Table;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the said Lifts; and to report to the House upon what Person the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Lord Win. Mr. Yonge,

Mr. Chetxvynd, Colonel Grahme, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr.

Ingram, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Tufnell, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Heffsham, Sir John Cope, Mr. , Mr. Aifla-bie, Mr. Treby, Sir Tho. Morgan, Mr. Smith, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Drake, Mr. Hampden, Sir IVm. Whitlock, Mr. Morice, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Craggs, Sir Richard Gosse,

Mr. Bristow: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

And they withdrew accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JLurue, 200 die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii Regb, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, That hb Kingap.

Majesty having been waited upon humbly to know points to be when he will please to be attended by thb House, his Ma- attended, jesty has been pleased to appoint thb Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James's.

w*

Sir John Ward reported from the Committee, to importing whom the Petitions of several Merchants of London, in Cochineal, behalf of themselves, and others, Exporters of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; of the principal Traders, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, of the City of New Sarimi; of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester} of the Company of Worsted Weavers of the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk;and of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts;were referred; That they bad examined the Matter contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same to the House, with their Resolutions thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and the said Report and Resolutions are as follows; viz.

That the Committee have taken the said Petitions into their Consideration: And, having, according to the Order of the House, heard the Commffioners of the Customs; and upon Examination of the Matters

a Geo. I. 20° Febrilarii. 383

ters of Fad; it appeared to the Committee, upon hearing the Commissioners of the Customs, in relation to the Importation of Cochineal;

That, by a Medium, the Importation of Cochineal has been annually about 59,836/. Weight, and the Exportation has been about 9,797 /. Weight; and, from thence, the annual Remainder, for the Home-consumption, appears to be about 49,439 /. Weight.

That Cochineal has, in an Average of Seven Years, from 1708 to 1714, been at between 19 and 20 Shillings per Pound:

That the present Price here is about 43 Shillings per Pound:

That the Price in Holland is now about 63 Skellins; which, being reduced, will bring it to about 36 Shillings Sterling here:

That the annual Consumptionufed to be about 50,000l. Weight:

That there may be better than 3,000l. Weight now in London for Sale:

That there are 30 Bags, containing about 7>500^ Weight, soon expected from ;which were lent

from Holland:

That, should Permission be granted for a free Importation from all Parts, it would not lessen the Price above Five Shill, per Pound:

That about 120 Bags are bought up abroad:

That it is probable there may be considerable Quantity saved out of the Flotilla; all the Sloops and Vessels belonging to Jamaica being gone on that Expedition; and, if any Cochineal is saved, the same will be carried directly to Carolina, New England, or New York; from whence it may be brought hither in about Six Weeks or Two Months:

That fonie may be expected from the Canaries That the Price in Spain is now about 27 Shillings and Six Pence per Pound; and there may be there about Two Ton, which is about4,000l. Weight:

That the South Sea Company has sent a Ship to the Spanish West Indies, which failed from the Dozvnes the Second of the last Month.; and Ihe may probably be here in about Eight or Nine Months.

That, upon the Examination of several Merchants, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, it was alleged,

That, admitting 50,000l. Weight of Cochineal to be the annual Consumption; and that there should be about 3,000l. Weight in hand; there would then be wanting above 40,000 /.; But, by the strictest Inquiry and Examination that they were able to make, they can hear of but One Bag in the First Hand; viz. one Mr. , a

Merchant; and that there might be about 200l. Weight in the Salters Hands:

That there is Ten Pound per Cent. Difference in the Weight between Holland and England; which reduces the Price to 33 Shillings Sterling j so the Difference is Ten Shillings per Pound Weight, admitting it to be 63 Skellins in Holland, and 43 Shillings per Pound Weight here:

That the lead Quantity of Cochineal allowed for dyeing a Cloth into Sclarlet, or other Grain Colours, is Five Pound; and many Cloths that cost under Nine Pound per Cloth, white, have so much bellowed on them:

That of long Bays, which may cost, white, about 7 /. lor. per Bay, many are dyed into Grain Colours; and the leall Allowance of Cochineal for doing it, is Three Pound per Bay; so, in Holland, they can lave 2/. 10*. Sterling per Cloth, and 1/. 10#. Sterling Bay, in the Article of Cochineal only,. besides what they lave in the Labourj being much cheaper in Holland than England: That, not above a Year and a Half ago, the Price for dying Grain Colours here was but 7 /. 1 os. and now 14/. per Cloth, by reason of the Scarcity of Cochineal.:

- That the Bay of Biscay is a very troublesome Sea, and the Bar of Bilboa very dangerous; and that the Ships from Holland going to Bilboa lose Four Months time; and the Spring-time is the only Season for Dyeing:

Vet. 18.

That there are. great Quantities of white Cloths, which at present lie at Blackwell-hall, and in the Factors Hands, undisposed of: That one particular Factor Had' above 800 Cloths lying upon hand, for want of Cochineal; and that if the Price was fallen upon Cochineal, he could fell 500 Cloths immediately:

That the Price here upon white Cloths was much fallen: And several Instances were given of the Charge being at present considerable left in dyeing white Cloths in Holland than in England \ but, if Cochineal was cheaper, they should not.fend their Cloth thither:

That all that was desired, was, That they might be put upon an equal Foot with their Neighbours that Permission for a free Importation might be granted for feme short time, in order to lessen the Price of Cochineal, which must otherwise unavoidably increase j that our neighbouring Nations may not under-fell us in foreign Markets, to the Detriment of our Woollen Manufactory.

That, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully made out the Allegations of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayers of their Petitions.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal from all Places, during a Time to be limited in the Bill: And that Sir John Ward, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Heysham, Colonel Moreton, and Mr.

Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord William Prnlett reported from the Committee appointed to inspect the Lifts, given in by the-Members on Saturday last, of a Person’s Name to be a Commissioner for putting in Execution the Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and stating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased; and to report upon what Persons the Majority of Votes fell; That the Committee had inspected the Lifts accordingly; and that the Majority of Votes had fallen upon Robert Bristow Esquire — 180.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and stating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased, be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William Drake Knight and Baronet be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honyton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Answer to the Addrefe of this House, of the Twenty-third of January last, relating to the Estates of Popish Recufents conviCi, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Commissioner for Army Debts.

Honytoft

Election.

Ways and iMeanst

Roe ten’ Nat.

Lords desire a Confer-rence — Impeachments.

Colchester

Woollen

Mauufacture.

Essex

Elation.

Answer to Address.

384 200 — 2i° — 7,1* Februa . 1715.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, 'Nine of the Clock.

Martis> 21® die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Morice presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gerard Rotters: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subjefik-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at the Conference, at Two a Clock, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Sir Isaac Rebow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving Liberty to Persons who have served their Apprenticemips to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Seventeenth Day of August last, whereby the Committee of Privileges and Elections was discharged from hearing the Matter of the Petition of Robert Honywood Esquire, complaining of an

undue Election for the County of Essex, during this Session of Parliament, be discharged.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do bear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the Fourth Day of April next; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 125

Tellersfor theNoe,} 9,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. {

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House did Yesterday attend his Majesty, and presented their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank your for this dutiful and afteftionate Address: I will endeavour, by all proper Means, to prevent the Pretender’s being fuflfered to give perpetual Jealousies, by continuing in our Neighbourhood; and will, if the ‘Advices I shall receive from abroad do render it necessary, not lose any time in making such an Augmentation of Forces, by Sea and Land, as may, with the Blessing of God, effectually answer your Wishes to see the Nation 2

secured from any foreign or intestine Attempt whatso^' ever.

The Orders of the Day being read;

An ingrafted Bill to appoint a Commissioner for taking, Commissioner examining, and ftadng, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased, was read e the Third time.

And die Blanks left therein for the Commissioner’s Name, instead of the said Mr. Smith, were filled up with the Name of Robert Bristow Esquire.

Refobed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tidebe,

An Act to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and ftadng, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased; and for continuing the former Act until the 10th Day of March 1716.

Ordered, That the Lord JVm. Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Names of the Members, who, upon the Call of Defaulter* to the House the 31st of January last made Default to ap- Call of the pestr; and were not excused; were called over. House.

And several of them appeared:

And others, who did not appear; viz. Mr. Pugh, Sir David Dalrymple, Sir Arthur Chichester, and Sir Michael Wharton:

And they were severally, upon the Question put, excused.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Prolonging whole House, upon the Bill for prolonging the Time for Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the t»kingCathi. further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants j and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 22* die Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pra r ers.

AN ingrafted Bill for preventing Mutiny and Defer- Preventing tion, and for the better Payment of the Army Mutiny and and their Quarters; was read the Third time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be.

An Act for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjoura-That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Sevennight; ment.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,^« },6,

Tellers for tl.eNoes, j } *55-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House adjourned, accordingly, till Tomorrow Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning-

a Geo. I.

Jovis, i° die Martii;

Anno Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pkavers.

QERARD Rotters took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Senna. The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the Address of this House, an Account shewing how Senna was rated, or charged, before the Act 30 Anna, wherein it is mentioned to be used in Dyeing; and how it has been rated, or charged, since the making thereof: And also.

Certificates of Druggists, and others, about the Use of Senna: And allb,

An Account of the Quantity of Senna imported for Three Years, to Christmas last.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Certificates were read.

The said Accounts and Certificates arc as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, signified to us by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to an Addrefe of this honourable

1® Martii. 383

House to his Majesty, we have caused an Account to be prepared by the proper Officers, shewing how Senna was rated, or charged, before the Act passed in the 3d Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, wherein it is mentioned to be used in Dyeing; and how it has been rated, or charged, since the Making thereof: Which Account we herewith humbly lay before this honourable House, in the Paper annexed, dumber I.

And, in further Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands,' by the annexed Certificate, N* II. of several eminent Salters, Drugfters, Dyers, and Apothecaries, which we caused to be procured, it appears, that the Drug, called by the Name of Senna, is made use of in Physick, and not in Dyeing: the Commodity used in Dyeing being only bastard Senna, or Plantain;

We have likewise caused an Account to be prepared of the Quantity of Senna imported for Three Years, to Christmas last; which we take Leave humbly to lay before this honourable House, in a Paper, N* III.

And to observe, That, by a Medium thereof, the Difference of the present net Duties from what the same would have amounted to, in case Senna had not l>een mentioned in the said Act to be for Dyers Use, appears to I. upwards of 1,300l. per Annum.

All which is humbly submitted to the Consideration of this honourable House.

Custom-house, London, J. , Walter,

28th of February, Charles Reefs, M.

1744* J- Walker.

An ACCOUNT how much the gross and net Duties On Twenty Pounds of Senna, imported (fom the Place of its Growth, would have amounted to, in case Senna had not been declared to be for Dyers Use, by the Act of the 3d of the late Queen.

When granted. Names of the Duties. Gross Duties. Net Duties.

12 th Charles I Id, and 8th and yth") Wm.UU. $ 2d Wm. and Mary - ift Anna - - - 2d and 3d Anna - - 3d and 4th Anna - - - - 3d and 4th Anna - 10 th Anna ----- Subsidy- - Impost Duty - - - - , -Further Subsidy - - - -4- Subsidy - - - - -4- Subsidy Additional Duty on Coffee, Drugs Additional Duty on Hides, Drugs £. s. d. — 2 6 — 1 8 10 — — 3~to — — ek — 1 8 — 10 — £. Si d. — 2 444 — 1 6-k 9k — — 3tV 6k — 1 8 — to —

— 17 6 — 17 2k

An ACCOUNT of what the grofe and net Duties of the above Twenty Pounds of Senna doth amount unto, by reason of its being accounted for Dyers Use by the said Act of the 3d of the late Queen.

When granted. Names of the Duties. Gross Duties. Net Duties.

12th Char. Ild, and 8th and 9th) IVm. 11 Id S 2d Wm. and Mary - Subsidy - -Impost Duty jC $ 10 — 1 8 £j.s. d. 9k — 1 6-U

21® Feb. 1715. — 26 2 4-rs> — 2 4k

The Difference in 20 lb. of Senna E. Rumbold. ST. G. Thomas Andrews. - - £ — 14 io

Chr. Tower, D. Col.

THESE may certify whom it may concern. That I never fold the Drug Senna; nor do I believe it proper for Dyers Use. I have fold a Commodity, called Plantain, and sometimes Senna, imported from France; which I never knew valued at more than Thirty Shillings per Hundred Weight; which Commodity, 1 am informed, is not at all medicinal. Witness my Hand, this 17th Day of February 1715. Law. Parker,

Witness, Tho. Peirce. Dry Salter.

THESE are to certify whom it may concern, That we, who have hereunto affixed our Hands, never fold any Senna but to Persons whom we believe did design to use or fell it as Physick: Nor do we know, or ever heard, that it was proper for any other Use, We have not Vox- 18.

known it of less Value thart Eighteen Pence per Pound; and believe it always is imported from Turkey, or Leghorn. Witness our Hands, this 18* Day of February 1715.

Witness, Thomas Hollinworth, John Caresby, James Eyton. Tho. Brortifeild.

THESE are to certify whom it may concern, That we, who have hereouto affixed our Hands, did never use the Drug Senna in Dyeing: A Commodity called Senna, or Plantain, we have used; which Commodity, we believe, is imported from France; and we never knew k in Value more than Forty Shillingsper Hundred Weight.

Feb. 1.8th, 1715. Matthew BromfeiUl,

Edmund Carrington,

Witness, Getnrge Hastings. Dyers.

5 F THESE

86 i* Martii.A. 1715*

THESE are to certify whom it may concern. That I THESE are to certify whom it may concern. That have Ibid.a Commodity called Plantain, or wild Senna; we, who have hereunto affixed our Names, do use the which, i believe, was imported from France; and never Drug Senna very considerably in Physick; and don’t knew it of more Value than Forty Shillings per Hundred believe, or have ever heard, that it is in any other Way Weigdt; and I never fold any other Sort. Witness my useful. Feb. 17th, 1715.

Hand, this 1 S° Day of February 1715. Richard,

Witness, John Dickinson, Witness, Richard Robert Pead,

John Sherzvood. Dry Salter. Druggist. Apothecaries.

Aw ACCOUNT how much the gross and net Duties on One hundred and Ten thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds of Senna, imported from the Place of its Growth, for Three Years, commencing from Christmas 1712, to Christmas 1715, would have amounted to; provided Senna had not been declared to be for Dyers Use by the Act of the 3d of the late Queen.

When granted Names of the Duties. Gross Duties. Net Duties.

12th Cha the I Id, and 8 and Wm. the Hid -j ad Wm.and Mary 1 ft Annce - - -2d and 3d Annce - - . 3d and 4th Annce -3d and 4th Annce -10th Annce - Subsidy ----- Impost Duty - - - -Further Subsidy -f Subsidy - -Subsidy -Additional Duty on Coffee, Drugs Additional Duty on Hides Drugs s. d. 690 13 10i 460 9 3§ 230 4 71 76 14 lOf 153 9 9 460 9 3 2,762 15 6 £ 656 3 2 43i 13 8 218 14 72 18 if 145 16 3' 460 9 3 2,762 15 6

As ACCOUNT of what the gross and net Duties of the al ported in the said three Years, hath amounted to, as being acc of the said Act of the 3d of the late Queen. I- 4,834 17 if 4,748 10 4 650 8 o|

»ovesaid Quantity of Senna, im-ounted for Dyers Use, by virtue

When granted. Names of the Duties. Gross Duties. Net Duties.

12th Ch. lid, and 8 an Illd. 2d Wm. and Mary - Subsidy -Impost Duty L- s. d. 230 4 460 9 3 £. s. d. 218 14 4£ 431 13 8

690 13 io£ 650 8 — ,

The Dili' erence - £ 00 O

Tho. Andrews, E. Rumbold, Sr G. Chr. Tower, D. Coll.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Certificates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the house.

1'xpedieion / The Hou febeing informed, That Mr. Kelsey, from the tj Canada. Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the Ad-drels of this House, Copies, from the Minute Book kept at the Treasury, of all the Minutes entered therein, which any-ways concern the Expedition to Canada: And allb. Copies of all Letters ordered by the Treasury, and signed by the Secretaries thereof or One of them, about Affairs relating to the Expedition to Canada: And also, Copies of all Warrants signed by the Treasury, which relate to the Expedition to Canada: And also,

Copies of all Warrants signed by the late Queen, which pa fled the Treasury, relating to the Expedition to Canada: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy, signifying, That all Letters, and other Passages concerning the Expedition to Canada, have been already presented by them to the Committee, to whom the Merchants Petition was lately referred: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualing, signiiying, That all Letters, and other Passages, concerning the Expedition to Canada, have beery already presented by them to the Committee, to whom the Merchants Petition was lately referred.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and reflding in, New England, in behalf of thera-feives and others, is referred.

The said Copies arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown,-to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castlerising, in ihe County of , in

the room of the honourable William Fielding Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Houshold.

Castlerifinj

Writ.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Honyton ceived a Letter from Sir William Courtenay Baronet, . 'Vrit‘ signifying, That he, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Devon', and also a Burgess for the

Borough of Honyton, in the same County; desires to make his Election to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Honyton, in the room of the said Sir Wm. Courtenay.

Sir John Ward presented to the House, according to Importing Order, a Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal, during Cochineal, the Time therein limited: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ResolvedThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Prolonging whole House, to whom the Bill for prolonging the Time Time for for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the taJwgOathe.

14 further

4 Geo. I.

3 *1

further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of and his oped

and secret Abettors; was committed; be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Molefuorth, from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Poors Rates, and Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, acquainted the House, That they had examined dome of the Poors Rates, and were ready to make a Report to the House of several Fasts relating to the said Poors Rates.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Poors and

Scavengers

Rates.

Roeters*

Rat.

Expedition to Canada.

Insolvent Debtors.

Privilege.

A Bill for naturalizing Gerard Roeters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morice, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Eyles, Mr.

Bristow, Sir Tho. Scevwen, Mr. Mr.

Mr Norris, Mr. Bay lie, Sir Mr.

Lade, Sir Nic. Morice, Sir Tho. Mr. Broderick,

Mr. Godfrey, Sir Hen.Houghton, Mr. Gold, Sir Page, Mr. Betts, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Guybbon, Mr. Lntwich, Mr. Smith, Lord Mr. Hill, Mr.

Nevill, Mr. London, Mr. Diston, Sir Daines, Mr. Sloper; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the Address of this House, several Copies of Orders relating to the late Expedition, to

Quebeck:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, trad-ins: to, and residing in New England, in behalf of themselves, ami others, is referred.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 2 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Supply.

Expedition to Canada.

Prayers.

TilE House being informed, That the Persons complained of for a Breach of Privilege, committed against Charles Mason Esquire, a Member of this House, by arresting his Servant Edward Cowley, have submitted, and made Satisfaction to the said Mr. Mason for the said Offence;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be dil’charged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint

A Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in New York, on behalf of themselves, and others,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners; their Agents and Factors, and other Per-Vol. 18.

fons residing in New York, did furnish the Government with several Sums of Money for the Expedition to Canada-, and received Bills of Exchange for the fame, drawn by Colonel Hunter, Governor of New York aforesaid, on the Treasury, pursuant to her late Majesty’s 1 nfiruftions to him for that Purpose: That notwithstanding her late Majesty was plealed to promise, in the said Instructions, which were read to the Merchants inthofe Parts, pun£tual Payment of the said Bills; yet the Petitioners have net been able to get more than a Part of feme of the said Bills paid, and that in South Sea Stock, when at Eighteen per Cent, less than Par; and of others no Part at all; after a long and tedious Attendance on the late Lord Treasurer* and several References to the Auditors of the Imprest, without Effefit: And praying to take their same into Consideration, and make feme Provision for the Monies they so readily advanced for the Use of the Government, pursuant to her late Majesty’s Inferu€tions, which they have been so long kept out of to the great Detriment of their Trades; and that you would be pleased to allow them Interest for the lame. ’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred. /

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the clear Produce of the Coinage Duty for the Three several Years last past respefit-ively; and an Account of the Charge of coining Gold and Silver Money; and theeftablHhed Charge of the Mint in England and Scotland; and incident Charges attending the fame; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That John Fowler Mayor, and the Burgesses, Marlborough of the Bofough and Town of Marlborough, in the County Election, of Wilts, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Laws agaiua

‘ ~ " - ----- - - i<?s

strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists: And that Mr. Lechmere, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Molyneux, and Mr. Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Papists

388

3° Martii.

Sabbati, 3* Martii j

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebarand . Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

Speedy Tryal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Rebels, for the more easy and speedy Tryals of such Persons as

have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty, with some Amendments; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Alfb,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Honour and ve^'ng the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Athol in Estate. James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke: To which the Lords dciire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Athol in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the (hid Duke, be now read.

The Bill was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Supply. Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fiune were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to discharge One Year’s Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, of the Sum of Sixty-one thousand Seven hundred Seven Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, or thereabouts, remaining due and un&tisfied of the Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred thousiuid Pounds, which was borrowed on an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, for laying Duties upon Low Wines, and other things therein mentioned: and towards the Repayment whereof another Act passed in the Sixth Year of her laid late Majesty’s Reign, charging Coffee, and other Merchandizes, for the Term of Four Years; which expired on or about the 23d Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Fifty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to discharge One Year’s Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, of the Sum of 314,219/. 11 s. or thereabouts, remaining due and unsatisfied of the principal Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, which was borrowed on the Act of Parliament of the Eighth Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, for laying Duties upon Candles, and other Duties, for Five Years; which expired on the lft Day of May 1715.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Six hundred Sixty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund of 168,003 /. per Annum, to make good the Payments to the Ten Pound Lottery of 1712, for the Two several Years ended at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for defraying the Charge of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the Bringing in of Gold and Silver to be coined, a Revenue, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per , be

14

A. 1715.

tnadc up, settled, and secured, for Seven Years, to commence from the First Day of May 1715.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Ar- Earl. of ticles, and prepare Evidence, against the Seven Lords, im- Winton's Impeached by this House the Ninth Day of January last, Peachment-be appointed Managers at the Tryal of George Earl of Winton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jej/opbe added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Cracherode be appointed Solicitor, to attend the Managers in prosecuting the Articles of Impeachment against the said George Earl of Winton.

Mr. Bond, according to Order, reported, from the Prolonging Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for for prolonging the Time for Persons. to take the Oaths, pur- ^k‘"g suant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s °at Per Ion and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the said Bill; and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if any Persons in Scotland, who ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths, and taken and subscribed the Assurance, in the Manner, at the Places, and by the Times, in the said Act limited;- or, being Quakers, ought to have taken the Effect thereof upon their iblemn Affirmation; shall, by a Time to be limited, subscribe the said Oaths, and the Assurance. in such manner, and at such Places, as in and by the said Act is prescribed; or, being Quakers, shall take the Effect thereof on their (blemn Affirmation; such Persons shall be, for such Neglect only, by this Act indemnified; and shall be recapacitated, as if such Persons had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and the Assurance, in such Manner, at such Places, and within such Times, as by the said Act is prdcribed; or, being Quakers, bad taken the Effect thereof:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put there upon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the

Bill.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight

J Mr. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to Expedition the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the to Canada-Address of this House, a Book, containing Copies of Memorials and Reports from the Board of Ordnance to the Treasury, and aho of Orders from the Treasury, about Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Expedition to Canada:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Book, containing the said Copies, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to, and residing in New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Book is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House hdioumed till Monday Moraipg, Nine of the Clock.

2 Geo. I. S* —

Luna, 5® Martii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

*' Praters.

Expedition r» x jj E House being informed, That Mr. attend-

so ana . X ed from the late Commissioners of Transport;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the IJoufe an Account of the Transport-charge for the Expedition to Canada, Anno Domini One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven; and also a Book, containing Copies of letters and Orders to and from the Commissioners of Transports, relating to the Expedition to Canada.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Book were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Book be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Account and Book are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

y

Colchester An ingrossed Bill for giving Liberty to Persons, who JJ0011*" have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the ure‘ Woollen Manufacture in to work at their said

Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. L. 31. After " Colchester, " to insert " to use "and exercise the said Trade of Bay-making: "

Pr. 2. L. 10. Before "weaving," to insert "Bay:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for giving Liberty to Persons, who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Rebow do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Northmnber- A Petition of Oley Douglas Esquire was presented to land the House, and read; setting forth, That Francis Delavall

.Election. Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the late

Election for the County of Northumberland, in the room of Thomas Forstef' Esquire: And that the said Francis Delavall is returned by the Sheriff of the said County; although not duly qualified to be chosen; or serve, as a Knight of the Shire, according to the Intent and true Meaning of a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act ' for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: That the Petitioner being duly qualified at the time of the said Election, and ought to have been return-, ed: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred & the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upoqi Wednesday the Second Day of May next;

It paired in the Negative.

Speedy Tryal Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lordsi

of Rebels. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Tryals of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty, be now taken into Consideration.

The said Amendments? were read; and are as follows;

viz.

Pr. 2. L. 11. After "Treason," insert "in levying " War against his Majesty:

L. 14, 15, 16, Leave out, "or in abetting or " assisting any such Offenders in their laid Treasons: " Vol. 18.

6°

4 A

At the End of the Bill, add a Proviso marked Af

A: " Provided always, That this Act, or any thing

" therein contained, shall not extend to alter the Place of " Indictment, or Tryal, unless the Person or Persons indisted shall, upon his or their Tryal, be proved to have " been aftoally in Arms, or to have personally joined with " others, while in Arms, in the Rebellion or War, charged " in the Indictment; but upon Failure of such Proof, " such Person or Persons shall be acquitted and discharged " of and from such Indictment, in the same Manner, hnd " to the same Intents and Purposes, only, as he and they " should have been, in case this Act had never been "made:"

The First and Second of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment, being Proviso marked A, being thrice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrcr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to atM* Mean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That- the Return from the Commissioners of the Customs; and also the Account, shewing how Senna Was rated, or charged, before the Act of 3* wherein

it is mentioned to be used in Dyeing; and how it has been rated, or charged, since the Making thereof; and the Certificates of Druggists, and others, about the Use . of Senna; and also the Account of the Quantity of Senna imported for Three Years, to Christmas last; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 6* d Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Pr A Y ERS.

QR D ERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Laws for the Repair of the Highways of this Kingdom more effectual: And that Mr. Archer, and Sir Arthur Kay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Repairing

Highways.

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, Eufeild a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, An Act, Road‘ made in the 12th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the for thermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfeild, in the same County, next the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom Ro«t«iV the Bill for the naturalizing Gerard Roeters was com-

5 G . mitted,

a&t

390 6° — 7°

mitted, That they had examined the fame; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Athol in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That, upon the humble Application of Georgs Earl of JVtnton for putting off his Tryal to a further Day, for Reasons therein alleged, their Lordships have inlarged the Time appointed for the Tryal of the said Earl of till Thursday the Fifteenth Day of this instant March. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Conference Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, acquaint-on Irasach- *n3 them, That this House were prevented, by extraordi-ments. nary Business, from meeting their Lordships on

day the Twenty-second of February last, at a Conference on the Subject-matter of the last Conference, as was desired by their Lordships; and to desire their Lordships to appoint some other Time, when this House may meet their Lordships at the said Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the said Mef-sage to the Lords.

White’s A Petition of Caspar White was presented to the House, *at* and read; setting forth, That the1 Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Dominions; hut profefl’es the true Protestant Religion, and has given Testimony of his Allegiance to his Majesty: And praying, That this House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, and Sir do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Poors and The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Re-

Rate*06*" P0,t from the Committee appointed to inspect the Poors Rates and Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Laws against Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cowper, Papists. ]tfr. Smith, Mr. Vernon, and Mr. Je[fop, be added to the Gentlemen who are ordered to bring in a Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

Duke of Athol's Honour and Estate.

Earl of

Winton’s Impeachment.

Conference Mr. Hampden reported. That he had been at the Lords,

orTlm ptach- to desire their Lordships to appoint some other Time for wents. this House to meet their Lordships at a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference: And that their Lordships have appointed Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Custom , Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do torero. lay before this House a particular Account of all Goods and Merchandizes imported, not rated in the Book of Rates, but paying Duty ad valorem, according to tho Oath of the Importer; and also an Account of all unrated East India Goods, which pay Duty by the Value at the Candle.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mar tit. A. 1715.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend R°y*l Afent his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. to a 13i

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the IToule, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Tryals of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy. War against his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Duties on Salt Salt Dutie*. do lay before this House an Account of the annual Produce of the said Duties, and of the Drawbacks out of the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ®"t’es °* lay before this House an Account of the net Produce of *PPer-the Duties on Pepper, by a Medium of Three Years before the last Duty was laid, and by a Medium of Three Years since the said Duty was laid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the naturalizing Gerard Roeters fPri* was read the Third time. Na%

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for the naturalizing Gerard Roeters.

Ordered, That Mr. Morice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Marlboreogk That it be an Infiruftion to the Committee of Privileges Ele&ioa-and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Gabriel Roberts Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, upon Tuesday the Twenty-seventh Day of March instant;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ftJr- "Vfa".

’{.Mr. / ernon:

rp I, r v t Mr. Cholmleu, Tellers for the Noes, JMr. GMoJ.

So it passed in the Negative.

1

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Owners of Ships, Bridlington Freeholders, and others, inhabiting in and near the Town Piera-of Bridlington, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bay of Bridlington aforesaid is a spacious and safe Place, as well for his Majesty s as other Ships and Vessels to anchor in stormy Weather; That the Harbour, or Quay, there, while the Piers were in good Repair, was a Place of great Security, as well as very commodious for supplying them with fresh Water and Provisions: That the Town of Bridlington hath long been, and still is, by the Advantage of its Situation, very considerable for its Traffick; in which very great Numbers of Men and Ships are employed, to the great Benefit and Improvement of Navigation:

That, upon Decay of the said Piers, an Act of Parliament formerly passed, granting § Duty upon Coal water-borne towards the Repairs thereof; but the Profits ariting thereby being all expended, and having proved insufficient to perfect that Work, notwithstanding great Sums of Money have been also laid out by the Town in Aid thereof, the said Piers are again by the Impetuosity of the Weather, and Violence of the Seas, shaken, disjointed, and, if not timely prevented, in imminent Danger of being destroyed:

The Repairs of those Piers will be so vastly chargeable and expensive, that it cannot be eftefted without the Assistance of this House: And praying, That Leave may be

19 given

Repairing

Highways.

Expedition to Canada.

Letter from a Member excusing De fault on call of the fioufe.

Lift'

2 Geo I. of Mar tit301

given to bring in a Dill to revive and continue the said Act, with Hich other Clauses for their further Relief, as to your great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Strickland, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Molcsworth, Sir Charles

Jiotham, and Sir Jf in St. Qu do prepare, and bring

in the fame.

Mr. Archer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Laws for repairing Highways more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the Address of this House, from the Secretary’s Office, Copies of several fetters and Instructions to the Governors of New England, New York, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, and others, relating to the Canada Expedition:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the said Letters and Instructions be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Second of February last being read’ requiring LewisPryfe Esquire, to surrender himself into

the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House by that Day Month, at farthest;

The Serjeant was called upon, to know whether he had heard from the said Mr. Pryfe; and he acquainted the House, That he had not heard from him.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the said Mr. Pryfe; and he deliver^ cd the same to the Clerk, to be read: And the same was read accordingly; and is as follows; viz.

Sir,

T1S with Pleafere that I embrace every Opportunity of returning you my Acknowlegements for the good Offices you have done me, as often as the same of my unavoidable Absence has come under Debate in the House: The repeated Experience I have had of your Friendship in this Point, encourages me to hope for the Continuance of them; which I shall not offer to desire longer than the Reasonableness of my same shall appear to deserve them.

I beg Leave once more to represent it to you; and, through your Assistance, to the honourable House; whose Displeasure, as it is a very sensible Affliction to me, I should be glad, by any means in my Pow er, to remove: That as it is impracticable for me to attend by the Time appointed, because of a very severe Fit of the Gout which I am now afflicted with, and thereby give Satisfaction to the House in the Method they have insisted on; I hope they will accept of such as is in my Power; and give me a favourable Hearing, when I represent to them, That I was chose Knight of the Shire of Cardigan when I was at ioo Miles distant from it, and had been absent thence for jo Months before the time of my Election: which I was fb far from seeking, that I never aiked a Vote for it, and was chose even against my Inclinations.

I know not how far a Man is obliged to Hand to the Choice a County makes of him: Sure I am, that I have Reason to complain of a Force that has administred the Occasion of my difbbliging the honourable House, by an Absence caused by Infirmities, under which I laboured at the time of my Choice, and wffiich have continued upon me ever since, with the greatest Severity, and with little or no Intermission.

In these Circumstances, I would fain hope, that the honourable House will rather blame the Country’s Choice, than him who has been unwillingly forced into a Post,

V Ola 18.

and lies under the Misfortune (for t Matter myself ’twill not be thought a Crime) of not being able to attend the Business of it; and will therefore lay aside their Dif-pleafme, and remit the Sentence ordered again(1 me:

And I am the rather encouraged to hope this, because Mr. Prynne, in his Comment on the 4th Book of Sir Edward Coke's Institutes, (hews, from various Records, That incurable Distempers have been constantly allowed by the House for a just Excule of Non-attendance; and, upon Debates in such Cases, no other Punishment has been inflicted than excusing the Service of the Member, and ordering a new Writ for electing a Person duly qualified, and capable of attending the Business of the House:

This being the Course of Parliamentary Proceedings in such Cases as mine, which I have now truly represented to you, and can produce Hundreds of Witnesses to con- ' firm, 1 hope, that the unhappy Incapacity I am under of attending the Service of the House, will be thought to deserve no severer Treatment than has been usual in the like Cafes; and that my ready Submission to the honourable House’s Pleasure in this Point, will be a Means to restore me to their. favourable Opinion, and engage you to promote the Request of

Your most obliged and A be rilefenny, Feb. obedient humble Servant,.

i8° 1715.

I know not how far the House, in their last Order about me, might be influenced by any Report of the Messenger who came down to my House; but, to prevent Misrepresentation, I think it proper to assure you, that, within Three Days after a very dangerous Fit of the Gout fullered me to come down Stairs, I came from thence hitherto my Father-in-Law’s, 18 Miles in my Way to London: But the Motion of even so small a Journey brought another Fit upon me immediately; with which I have been laid up here ever since; not having been yet so much as able to return to my own House.

Then the Journal of the Day of May 1689, in the same of Mr. Cholmondley, was read-

The Time for the Conference with the Lords being Conference. Come; with Lord*

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage the present Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Lord Privy Seal, and others; who told the Managers, That the Lords had taken into Consideration the Message sent to them by this House; and being desirous to lay aside, by all possible Means, every thing which may cause any Mif-understanding between the Two Houses, and to maintain that good Correspondence between both Houses, which is so necessary for the publick Service, the Lords have come to a Resolution, which they have entered in their Journal, to remain to Posterity; of which they delivered a Copy to the Managers at the Conference; viz.

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That, for the future, all Writings delivered in to the House of Lords by Persons impeached by the Commons, at the time when they put in their Answers or Pleas, or true Copies of such Writings, shall be forthwith sent to the Commons.

----- The House resumed the Confederation of the Mat’ Defkulttr to

ter relating to Mr. Pryfe: Call of th»

Resolved, That Lewis Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this Hous*‘ House, having been sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, the Eighth Day of August last, for not attending the Service of this House; and having never qualified himself as a Member of this House, by taking the Oaths at the Table; be forthwith brou ht up in Custody.

The

392

7° — 8 Martii. A. 1715.

?t>pp1y. The Order of the Day l>eing read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

Derby f\RDERE D, That NathanaelCurzon and

iledtion. \J Mundy Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Well* A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Elethon. jt |je an Instrufition to the Committee of Privileges

and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of William Coward and William Piers Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Wells, in the County of upon

day the Eleventh Day of April next j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 6f-

11 c l -vt fSir

Tellers for the Noes, JMr falmr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Richard Comes, John Taylor, and others, Citizens or Burgesses, and Freemen, Inhabitants of the said City, complaining of the said Election and Return, at the same time.

White’s Nat Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Caspar White: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Poors an Mr. Molesworth, according to Order, reported from

IUte»n8*r ^ie Committee appointed to inspect the Poors Rates, and Scavengers Rates, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Matter, as it appeared to them, relating to the Poor of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, finding it a Work of insuperable Difficulty to perule, within any competent time, all the Books and Accounts of the said Parishes, in such manner as is necessary for the thorough Information of this House, have thought it more for the public Service to apply their Endeavours principally to those that relate to the Maintenance of the Poor:

And because the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields has been represented to the Committee as the most free r ora Frauds and Abuses, and averred to be under the bell

Regulation of any Parish in London, in respect to the Government of the Poor, the Committee, rather willing to propose a good Example for the Imitation of others, than desirous of finding Fault, have chose to begio with that Parish: And, that they might be able to set such Matters as relate to the Poor in as true a Light as the Shortnels of the Time would permit, they have perused several Volumes of Accounts; and have likewise endeavoured to get the best Informations, viva voce, from Persons understanding, and well acquainted with, that Parish; which may hereafter be of some Use for Proceedings in other Parishes, when it shall be thought proper and fealbnable to go through with a Work of this Nature: But, because the immediate Interposition of this House seems necessary to redress such inveterate Evils as have been complained of even in this Parish, though represented to be under the bell Regulation, as aforesaid, the Committee, in pursuance of the Order of Thursday last, have prepared a Report, as far as they have proceeded; which they have directed to be made as followeth; viz.

That the Committee finds, That the Maintenance ap pointed for the Poor in the aforesaid Parish, orifes from the several Funds following; Part whereof are under the Management of the Churchwardens, and the rest under that of the Overseers of the Poor; viz.

Rates on Houses, commonly called The Poors Rates:

The Royal Bounty, and Contributions on extraordinary Occasions:

The Fines:

The Collections at the Church and Chapel Doors;

The Composition for Bastards:

The Annuities and Legacies:

The Parish Estate:

The Altar or Offertory-money at the Church and Chapels:

The Conviction-money of Swearers, 8$c.;

The Rents of the Pews:

The Burying-money:

Monies arising from Petitions to Persons of Quality at

Christmas:

The Sales of Goods of poor People deceased; and several other small Receipts.

It is not denied, That Part of the Monies arising from some of the aforesaid Heads is applicable to the Use of the Church, as to Repairs, when necessary, and several incident Charges; but, the principal and original Intention of these Charities and Funds being the Maintenance of the Poor, it may justly be expected, that far the greater Part should be applied tofo necessary and pious a Use: But the Committee find the Accounts of the Distribution of these Sums, in the Books, as to the Charities and Expences, so mixed and confused between the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, that ’tis a Work of some time, and Pains, to dillinguith them: (However,)

To enable the Committee to make a better Computation of the whole yearly Produce of the afore-mentioned Funds, within the Parish of St. Martins; as allb of the Distribution of them; they ordered the Accounts of the Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, for the Three Years 1712, 1713, 1714, to be laid before them; those for this current Year 1715 not being made up till;

which, taking for granted the Truth of the Books and Reckonings delivered in, they find to stand thus:

*71*.

2 Geo. I. Mar tit. 393

1712. Collected 1 £. s. d.

£. 3,404-18.6. / The Rates on Houses, commonly called The Poors Rates - 3,834 14 —

Arrears, I The Royal Bounty - - - 100 — —

JC.429. 15. 6.J The Fines ----- . 152-----

The Collections at the Church and Chapel Doors - - - .14146

The Composition for Bastards - -- - - - 207 19 6

The Annuities - - - 34 16 —

The Parish Estate - - 481 14 —

The Altar or Offertory-money at the Church and Chapels ... 244 9 9I

The Conviction-Money of Swearers, fyc. - - - - 1710 —

The Rents of the Pews and Seats - - - - 21193

The Burying-money - -- - 349 5 11

Money arising from Petitions to Persons of Quality at Christmas - - 40 2 3

The Sales of Goods of poor People deceased - - - 5148

Total - £. 5,792 10 —

1713. Collected "1

£. 3,380.14.6. I The Rates on Houses, commonly called The Poors Rates - - - 3,787 10 6

Arrears, I The Royal Bounty - - - 100-----

j£. 406. 16. o. J The Fines - - 104-----

The Collection at the Church and Chapel Doors - - - 31 3 2

The Composition for Bastards - -- -- - 200 9 —

The Annuities - - - 31 10 —

The Parish Estate - 481 14 —

The Altar or Offertory-money at the Church and Chapels - - - 142 10 5$

The Conviction-money of Swearers, Me. - - - - 3 15 —

The Rents of Pews and Seats - 21193

The Burying-money - - - - -- - - - 376162

Monies arising from Petitions to Persons of Quality at Christmas - . - .3270

The Sales of Goods of poor People deceased - - - 18152

Total - £. 5,521 19 8

1714. Collected}

.£.3,414.13. 3. [The Rates on Houses, commonly called The Poors Rates ' 3,765 16 —

Arrears, t The Royal Bounty.....- - - 100-----

£-351- 3* o. )The Fines.....-.....128 1 —

The Collections at the Church and Chapel Doors ----- 23 2

The Composition for Bastards - 154 7 —

The Annuities - - - - 33 4 —

The Parish Estate - - - 48114 —

The Altar or Offertory-money at the Church and Chapels - - - 416 19 8i

The Conviction-money of Swearers, <§*c. -.....- 3018 —

The Rents of Pews and Seats - - 21193

Burying-money - - - - 413 5 6

Monies arising from Petitions to Persons of Quality at Christmas - - - 43 10 6

The Sales of Goods of poor People deceased - - - - 9910

By more in several small Receipts - - 938

Total - £. 5,831 16

There is, besides the above-mentioned, an extraordinary Collection of voluntary Charities from Door to Door usually once every Year; which, according to the belt Information the Committeecanget, may amount, one Year with another, in this Parish, to near 100per Annum; the extraordinary Collection for this last Christmas being about 130/.But of these no manner of Account is given in, the Monies being both collected, and diffributed by the Collectors, without Controul. However, this ought to be added to the'Sums above particularized, as Part of the Poors Maintenance yearly.

It is further to be observed. That the Money raised by Collections for the Charity Schools, whether at Sermons preached for that Purpose, or otherwise, is not comprehended in the Articles for Orphans; neither’ are the Receipts or Disbursements upon that Score taken notice of in any of these Accounts; but such Charities are like wife over and above all those afore-mentioned.

The Distribution of the aforesaid Sums, according to the Books delivered in by the Churchwardens and Over-seers for the said Three Years, are, in grots, as follows; viz.

1712.

1712.

Churchwardens Accounts -

Overseers Accounts, under the Three Heads following;

To Orphans ——

To Pensioners -

To casual Poor, and other extraordinary Disbursements

t7i3.

1713-

Churchwardens Accounts -

Overseers Accounts, under the Three Heads following; To Orphans - -

To Pensioners -

To casual Poor, and other extraordinay Disbursements

£ d.

825 11 9

1,249 4 —

- 1,81213 7

786 io 9

1,302 7 —

1,794 12 7

Vo L, 18r

5 H

1,091

15

d.

2

3,887 9 4

1,500 16 — -

3,883 10 4

Poors and

Scavengrrs

Rates.

fcoor* ani

Scavctigm

Rates.

8* Martii. 1715-

1714.

*714.

<£. *.

Churchwardens Accounts - - *

Overseers Accounts, under the Three Heads following;

To Orphans -

To Pensioners ——

Te casual Poor, and other extraordinary Disbursements

20 — - — 1,218 16 10 1,876 16 4

£ * 1,834 3 s{

3.9*5 13 2

The ObservatSons which the Committee made on thele Accounts werethefe;

1. That there are very great Sums of Money rated and collected yearly, in this Parish, for the Use of the Poor.

2. That, the Books being filled with great Multitudes of Names, and of Sums distributed at feverat Times to Persons carrying those Names, it was impossible to distinguish which were fictitious, and which were real j but die most Part most be taken upon Trutl.

3. Several material Objections were made to the Largencfs of the Sums in the Articles of the Orphans, and pensionary Poor; but, as to that of the casual Poor, it appears, that it amounts yearly to near One-third above what is distributed to the known or Standing Poor: And it is in this Article, principally, that the Committee is of Opinion the Publick may be more than ordinarily imposed on; Several fraall Articles being blended into this, under the Name of Extraordinaries, to make it appear die greater.

4- That the Purchases of Houses or Land, called Part of the Parish Estate, which is thought to belong more immediately to the Repairs of the Church, arc made with the Poors Money; and uioft of the extraordinary Expences of the Patiih are deduced out of the said Money.

5. That the Arrears of the Poors Hates, amounting yearly to a great Sum, and, in these afore-mentioned Three Years, te 1,187/. ]4*- are given in as defpe-rate, and totally loft to the Parish; whereas, upon Perusal of the Books of Arrears by the Committee, it appeared, that many Persons named therein were very sufficient, and of Quality and Reputation; and that from fouie of them the Arrears had been demanded; so that the Committee has Grounds to believe several of them may have been collected, though never brought to Account, afterwards.

What confirmed the Committee in this Opinion is, That, they having summoned Peter , formerly an Oveiicer of the Poor in the said Parish; he, being examined by the Committee, testiiied.

That, in the Year .1698, there was a Surplus of 300l. in the Overseers Hands, for that Year, aliove what maintained the Poor; and which, as the Law directs, ought to have been paid into the Hands of the subsequent Over-leors; but was, by a Majority of St. Martins Vestry, voted to be paid into their Hands: And that, in the Year 1 699, the said Hill being then one of the Overseers, there did likewise remain, in his and his Partner's Hands, an Overplus of about 220/.; which he the said Hill would have paid over to the succeeding Overseers; but his Partner opposing the lame, and the Vestry, taking Cognizance of their Dispute, did, notwithstanding all the Opposition he could make to so illegal a Practice, by a Majority of Voices oblige him to pay the said 220/. to them, and not to the luccceding Overseers as he hath been since informed he might by Law have done, without their Content or Approbation:

And the said Hill further laid, That he being afterwards, in the Year 170.5, required to pay his Proportion of the Arrears of an additional Assessment, made in the said Parish for the Maintenance of the Poor for Four or Five Years before, and refuting to pay the same, because that additional Charge was unnecessarily laid; he knowing of the aforesaid great Surplusages, which would have saved the said additional Assessment, if those Sums had been applied as the Law directs; Mr. Price, Mr. Vincent, and Air . It hell, the then Churchwardens and Vestrymen

of St, Martins Parish, with aConstable, Two Collectors, and a lleadle, of a diitant Ward, did distrain a Silver Pepper Box out of his House, and detained the lame, till jjg had paid his Proportion to the said additional AlTeff-

ment: Also, that several of his Neighbours were frightened into Payment of the said Assessments, under the Apprehension of the like Distrefics; being summoned to the Vestryj and there threatened to have their Goods seized, if they did not pay; by which means great Sums were raised out of the Deficiencies of the Poors Rates for several Years after the Books were delivered up, wherein they returned such as insolvent.

6. That although the French Inhabitants, and some Dxffenters from the Church of England, pay their Share of the Poors Rates and other Collections; yet they receive nothing out of it towards the Maintenance of their own Poor; but do it themselves.

As to the Altar or Offertory Money, the Committee cannot but observe, that the Methods uled iu St. tins Parish for collecting Sacrament-money, is such as is liable to great Frauds; being without Cheque or Controul, and, according to the Confession of the Churchwardens themselves, wholly left to the Discretion of such as col left it, and those they pretend sometimes toaccountto: Whereby there is Reason to believe, this great and signal Piece of Christian Charity, offered to God for the foie L’fe of the Poor, at the Times of the most solemn Devotion, is, notwithstanding the Directions given by the Rubrick (which orders, That the Money given at the Offertory shall be disposed of to such pious and charitable Uses as the Ministers and Churchwarden shall think fit; wherein if they disagree, it shall be disposed of as the Ordinary shall appoint), diverted from its primitive Use and Delig-nation, and turns to the private Profit of those who ought to be most exemplary to others for Piety and Charity.

8. The Committee further takes notice, That, con-

fidering the Multitude of Communicants at St. Martini Church, upon the score of qualifying themselves for Employments, and the Frequency of Sacraments there (being every Sunday), the Account given in of the Oftertory-money does not seem to rife in a just Proportion; and they are confirmed the rather in this Opinion, because Charles Medlycot Esquire, a Justice of the Peace, and

Vestryinan of the said Parish, avers, and is ready to tef-tify upon Oath, That Jeremiah Rose, Churchwarden for the Year 1714, did allure him, the said Charles Medlycot, upon his Inquiry, That the Offertory-money for St. Martins Church alone, exclusive of the Chapel, amounted that Year to above 400l.: And One of th*

Vestrymen, and formerly Church warden, of the said Parish, affirmed to the Committee, That the said Jeremiah, Rose had, at another time, confessed to him. That the Offertory-money of SainitMor/m’s Church, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, amounted to 400l.; notwithstanding which, the said , forgetting himself, has, in the Accounts now delivered in, reckoned the Offertory-money, of the Year 1714, to amount to no more than than 344/. 6s. 3d.

9. That the Money arising from the Rents of the Pews in Trinity Chapel do fully maintain the said Chapel, in every respect; and, as to the Offertory-money, it was disposed of without Controul, as at St. Martin's Church; and that all other Emoluments whatsoever, arising from the Easter Offerings, Chiiftenings, Marriages, and Burials, there, as well as the Balances of the Offertory-money, are paid to the Vicar.

10. That there is 30 I. per Annum charged as Rent paid for Oxendon Chapel; which the Committee conceives, might, and ought to be paid out of the Rent of the Pews; several of which are not lett, by reason of the high Rent demanded lor them.

11. That the Collections, and Distributions, of all

extraordinary

2 Geo. I. 8" Martii.

3 95

extraordinary and voluntary Charities do wholly depend upon the Honesty of the Collectors, who are generally the Distributors of the fame; and are usually the same Set of Men, named and appointed by John Clerk of

St. Martin’s Vestry, and principal Agent of the said Pa-

rifli, who makes up and keeps the Books, and instructs the Churchwardens and Overseers in the Methods taken by their Predecessors, or fit to be followed by them.

12. The Committee, having carefully examined the said Eddridge what those casual Poor were, on whom fitch great Sums were yearly expended, could get no good Account from him of them: Sometime he said, They were the like as settled Poor, though not entered upon the Pensions; sometimes, that they were such as had received feme Misfortune accidentally in the Parish: And, being further demanded, Whether he had the Warrants from Justices of the Peace for relieving such Poor, according to the Statute; he said, He had: But when his Books were produced, to that Intent, he could not shew so.muchasone single instance satisfactory to the Committee: That the said Eddridge, over and above his Handing Salary, raised, in the said Three Years, great Sums out of the said Poors and Parish Money, amounting to above 832/. exclusive of what he receives upon Account of the Surveyors and Scavengers j which, upon Perufel of several particular Accounts of his, did clearly appear to the Committee to be unreasonable, if not fraudulent; which Accounts are ready to be produced to this House, whenever they Dial I be called for; whereby it may appear how necessary a person this said Eddridge is to the governing Part of the said Parish, when such Accounts shall be suffered to pals.

13. That the Vestry of St. Martins Parish, at least the acting Part of it, is composed of lucn as have been Churchwardens themselves; it being the Custom, when a Churchwarden goes out of his Office, to elect him a Veltrvman: These state the Accounts ot all succeeding Churchwardens and Overseers, and elect all Vestrymen; so that, should once any Corruption get in, ’tis scarce possible it can otherwise be remedied than by the Authority of this House:

That whatever is wanting for the Use of the Church supposing the Accounts of Quantities and Qualities to be fairly given in, is bought at the worst Haind, and paid for at extravagant Rates; because the Persons who furnish their Goods, or their Work, are, for the most part, such as have been Churchwardens and Vestrymen; of which the Committee had several Infiances produced.

Some Extracts out of the Churchwardens and Overseers Books of Accounts for the Years 1712, 1713, 1714, being such only as are delivered in and owned by the said Churchwardens, §c. are here inserted, in order to give this House a Specimen of the Whole; to which no material Answers, or Objections, were made by the Churchwardens*

Observations on the Accounts of Mr. Thomas Lunn, Churchwarden of the Parish of St. , in the

Year 1712, by Charles Esquire.

Several Expences at Taverns, with Visitations, with Dr. Lancaster, Lectors, Ministers, Justices, Vestry- £. s. d. men, Overseers, 8$c. - - - - -72 197

Paid Mr. Eddridge his Salary, as Clerk of the Vestry - -10-----

Paid ditto his Bills for Work done - - - *.83 8 —

Paid for Bread and Wine for the Sacrament (near the same Sum being charged every Year; though ’tis well known, that, in the Year 1714, there were about 2,000 Communicants more than in this Year 1712, in order to their Qualifications) - - - - . - - 87. 9 a

For 69 Dozen of Candles, is 828/. from All- Holland-tide to Candlemas (being about Three Months,

at an excessive Price, at near 7 d.per Pound, before the last Duty was laid on them) - - - 23 5 8

The Sexton’s Bill for Necessaries, and chiming in to Prayers, and Allowances to Palls - - - 22 13 8

To the Ringers for Dr. Sacheverell's Reltoratiou - - - — 10 —

Mr. Medlicotfs Observations and Objections made to the Accounts of Mr. William Lee foil. Churchwarden

to the Parish of St. MAnno 1713. Spent at divers Places, atmany Meetings, on Vestrymen, Overseers, Visitations, Dr. Lancaster, Justices, £. s.

Mr. Grifdale, §c. - -- - - - - 65 — 4

To Mr. Eddridge, his Salary, as Clerk of the Vestry - - 10-----

Paid him at divers Payments this Year, examining the Poor - - - - -1701610

To Serjeant Cheshireand Darnell, Fees - - - - 612 —

Boards to the Grave-digger in One Year - - - - 2 —

For Sacrament Wine (not seen the Bills) - - - -88 10 —

Paid towards a Robbery - - - - -21 14 —

For two new Hoods, and Making - - - 24 — -

For Paving (which is paid out of the Surveyor’s Accounts) - - 62 —

For 55 Dozen of Candles, 660/. Weight, at "s. - . - -22-----

Raid Mr. liarcourt of the Crown Office his Bill - - 15 5 5

Paid Sir Thomas Cross, for passing Vagrants, being Treasure of the Liberty - - - - -1947

Paid for Acquittances of 11. 10 s.Paid 4$. ditto zs. 6d. ditto 1 s. - 8 — -

Received by an Assessment upon the Parish for Repairs of Bridges, and Robberies, 143/. 19$. and paid out of that Sum but 91/. 2 s. 5 d.Remains due ou that Head - - - -52167

The Rent of Oxendon Chapel, 30 /.; which ought to be paid for out of the Pew-money - - - 30-----

Objections made by Charles Medlicott Esquire to the Accounts of Mr. Jeremiah Ttofe, late Churchwarden

of St.Martins in the Fields, January 1714-.

Paid Mrs. Mayor, to quit her House (in order that the Churchwarden might take it; viz. Mr. Rose) - 10--

Paid for the Repairs of the said House by ditto Churchwarden (for his own Use) - - - 100 — —

Spent by ditto on several Vestrymen and Overseers, at several Taverns, couched in several Articles - 72

Spent by ditto at One Dinner, at the Mulberry Garden - - - '- - 49 13 4

Paid by ditto for Sacrament Wine (out of which a great Part was drank in the Vestry) - - - 90 — —

Paid Mr. Braman, Upholstercr, the prefect Churchwarden, for an unneceffery. Screen, not worth Half

the Money, 8/. 15s. j and for Two Hours Use of feme dirty striped Hangings, 2/.; His whole Bill is 44/.; bought of himself, and paid by Mr. Rose - - 10 15 — -

To Mr. Eddridge, Clerk of the Vestry, his Salary per Annum - - - - -10 — —

Paid ditto, for examining the Settlements of feme Poor - - 115-

Paid for a Draught, on a Sheet of Paper, of a Spot of Ground (which any Builder or Bricklayer would

have done for J’our Pence) - - - - 5 7 6

Vol. 18. New-

Poors and

Scavengers II a tea.

8° — 90

Poors and

Scavengers

Rates.

A. 1715.

New catting feme Bells, paid jet only in part ——

Spent, at the King’s Entry, on Dr. Lancaster, and feme Justices - -

Paid Ministers assisting Mr. Grifdale the Reader: Spent in Two Dinners -

Spent at a Tavern, going to Hick's Hall about a Bastard Child -

For 62 Dozen of Candles burnt in the Church in Three Months; although the Burials find their own Candles ——

£. s

150-----

3 »5 —

0 9 2

27 —

20 8 4

The Account out of which tins last Specimen is taken, is averred by Roje, then Churchwarden, to be the belt, and most modest, that has yet been delivered in by any Churchwarden of that Parish.

15. The Committee finds, upon Examination, That the Ex peaces and Disbursements of the Churchwardens and Overseers, given in for the Three afore-mentioned Years, exclusive of all Charities to the Poor, amount to 5,448/. io s. 4 \d.being altnoft One whole Year’s Revenue of the Parish, in Three Years time; whereof, the Committee conceives, £ds might be saved.

Mr. GriJ'dale, Clerk of St.Martina Church, being sent

for, and his Books of Burials being perused for the Three last Years, the Committee observed, That the Proportion of Children buried far exceeds that of Men and Women; and, being examined touching the fame, said. That one Year with another, there was about 1,200 Christenings; and that above -J-s of those die every year; which he could not attribute to any thing, unless the Air of St. Martina Parish was more unwholsome than that of other Parishes:

He further took notice, That the Burials in the Months of December and January last, being the most rigorous Part of the Winter, were twice as many as was usual in other Months; and according to the Lilt given in, amount to 97 of the casual Poor, not reckoning others.

16. The Committee have taken these Accounts of Collections and Distributions De bene according as they were delivered in; but, should either of these prove un fair, the Abuses complained of will be much the greater; find, by several Instances already discovered, the Committee finds Reason to doubt of the Truth of many of

11.cm.

17. The Petitioners, or settled Poor, are given in at between 1,200l. and 1,300l. per Annum, for the last Three Years; and Multitudes of Names are entered in the Books, which the Committee could find no Method of comptrolling; much left that other vast Article of the casual Poor, amounting to between 1,800l. and 1,900l. per Annum: notwithstanding all which real or pretended Distributions, the begging Poor about the Streets, in this Parish, are observed to be as numerous as ever.

18. The Orphans are given in in a distinct Article from that of Parish Nurse Children, and Bastards, which are comprehended under that of casual Poor j and amounts to a great Sum yearly; namely, to 800 /.

The Committee has had no time to inquire into the Particulars of other Parishes; but has received the following Informations in generul;

lft. That in many Parishes, notwithstanding that the Poors Rates amount to a very great Tax; yet, under Pretences that there is not sufficient levied for the Poors Ule in the Four Quarters, they raise more Money; which, improperly, they call Five, Six, nay, even to Seven, Quarters, some Years; which comes to near as much as a Land Tax at 2 s. per Pound.

2d. That the Money lately collected by voluntary Contributions, upon account of the excessive cold Winter, in order to the immediate Relief of the Poor, has not been distributed in purliiance of the said charitable Intention; but, in many rarillies, remains undillributed to this Day; ferae being carried into the Chamber of London, from whence it is not ealily to be retrieved within any competent time; so that Multitudes of Poor, which ought to have been relieved, have starved to Death during this most rigorous Winter; and this may appear by the large Increase in the Bills of Mortality about that time.

3d. That a great many poor Infants, and exposed Bastard Children, are inhumanly fettered to die by the 20

Barbarity of Nurses, especially Parish Nurses, who are a fort of People void of Commiseration, or Religion; hired by the Churchwardens to take off a Burthen from the Parish at the cheapest and ealieft Rates they can; and these know the Manner of doing it effectually, as by the Burial Books may evidently appear, according to'Mr. Grifdales own Observatiom.

4. That the Increase of strange Beggars, Cripples, lusty idle Men and Women, Vagabonds, blind People, pretended and real Mad-folks, and sech-like, is altogether owing to the Negligence of those that should remedy it, and of the Parish Officers, who take no due Care to purge their several Parishes of such fort of Vagrants; but connive at them, on purpose that such appearing Objects of Charity may give a fair Pretence to these yearly exorbitant Collections of all kinds; this kind of Beggars receive little or no settled Parish Alms, but live upon what they can extort by their Cries and Importunities in the Streets, and at Coach-tides; and what they thus get, they are generally obliged to ipend at feme Tipling house kept by the Beadles, who have good Salaries allowed them, or their Friends and Relations, who fell unwholsome Spirits, which carry off Multitudes of them every Year.

5. The Committee observed several ftaferes in the Pu-rish Books delivered in to them; as also, that some Books of Accounts are freshly written; but cannot lay this was done to any sinister Intent.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee cannot induce themselves to be of Opinion, that much above One-half of the great Sums aforesaid, which are collected by, and paid to, the Churchwardens and Overseers yearly, are really expended on that pious and charitable Work of relieving the Poor; but that, in consequence of the present Methods taken, the Poor are rather increased in this great City, of late, than diminished; and those of them which are relieved, are not done lb in the manner they ought to be; but that many very miserably perish for Want.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of

Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons, at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; And that Mr. Molesworth, the Lord , the Lord Wm. Powlett, and Mr. do prepare*

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing the said Report: And that no other Person do presume-to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 9* die Martii;

Anno a* Georgii Regis, 1715. Pbatehs.

(fAS PAR White took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the Stones-end, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish

of

Enfield

Road.

Bridlington

Pier*.

Regulating Hackney Coach Hie a.

Poors and

Scavengers

Rates.

Leather

Trade.

a Geo. L 9° — id* Martiu 397

of Enfield, in the same County, next the Parish of hunt, in the County of Hertford, be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Colonel Codrington, Sir Richard Faring ton, Mr. London,

Sir Geo Warrington, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Aijtahie, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Herne, Sir Rob Mr. Mr. Travers, Sir Just.Isham, Mr. Wynn, Sir Edward Pri-

deaux, Lord Wm. Pmclett, Mr. Foley, Mr. Archer, Mr. White, Mr. Mason, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Nevill, Sir Ro-

bert Jenkinson, General Erie, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Treby, Mr. Diston, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Rrodrick, Mr. -Smithson, Mr. Bristow, Sir John Williams,- Mr. Barrington Shute, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Herbert, 'Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Gould, Mr. Willoughby, Mr . Papillon, Sir Sir Wm.

Haines, Mr. Onslow, Colonel King, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hu-cane, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gregory, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Farrer, Sir Tho. CroJJe, Sir Nicholas Carew, Mr. Gods rey; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Reiblutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Strickland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, and continue, an Act made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wihiam, fir Repair of the Piers of alias

Burlington, in the Eal't Riding of the County of York; And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Wm. Powlet presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of the Eight hundred licenced Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being acquainted, That, in transcribing the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Poors and Scavengers Rates within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, there is an Oinifiion of One Article in the Churchwardens Account, after the Article of 75 viz,

s. d.

Spent by Ditto at One Dinner at the Mul- \ berry Garden - - - - -] 13 4

Ordered, That the said Article be inserted in the said Report, and printed with it

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Leather-fellers, Shoemakers, and Spanish Leather dressers, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, since the laying on the Duties upon Hides and Skins, several Branches of the Leather Trade is mightily fallen to Decay, chiefly occasioned by the using of Ticking, Canvass, fc. to cover the upper Part of Shoes with, instead of Leather; by reason of which, both Tanners, Curriers, and other Dealers in Leather, find a very great Decay in the Drefiing and Selling of Calves Skins, and all other Sorts of thin Leather: The Drefiing of Spanish Leather, being, a Manufacture that hath been

attained to in this Kingdom, hath proved a good Livelihood to many Families; and the Crown receives considerable Duties upon importing Goat Skins, and other Commodities used in that Trade; the said Trade being very much declined by the using of other Things, as aforesaid: likewise Turkey and Morocco Leather, which, upon Importation, pays a very high Duty to the Crown, is, in a

geat measure become ufold's: And praying to take their afe into Consideration, how injurious it is to the Revenue, as welt as to the Petitioners; and grant them such Relief as in your great Wifdoni shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the C-on-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are Vol. IS.

Sabbati 10° Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the jrloufe; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two-third Parts of the Lands, Tenements, He-riditaments, Leases, and Farms, of all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, a Popish Recusant, or Popish Recusants, convict, which, by any the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force, are, or may be, seized or taken into his Majesty’s Hands for such Recusancy, and the Rents, IAues, and Profits thereof, be raised, levied, and applied, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for suppressing the present unnatural Rebellion, and re-establishing the Peace and tranquillity of this Kingdom.

FLefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance till the 24th’ Day of June 1716, be further continued and charged upon alb Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made, for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of 171G, to the 24th Day of June 1717.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards defraying the Charge of his Majesty’s Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies; and other incident Charges of the Mints j the Act of Parliament of the 7th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage; and to encourage the bringing foreign Coins, and British or foreign Plate, to be coined; and for making Provision for the Mints in Scotland; and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in England; be continued for the Space of Seven Years, to commence from the ift Day of March 1715, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, be impowered, out of the publick Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament,

5 I to

Way. and Means.

Ways and Means.

39*

io° — i a'

Martii.

A.

to furmih so much as, together with the Coinage Duty, may make up any Sum, not exceeding 15,000l. Annum to carry on the Coinage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Importation of Senna, which is a Drug used in Medicine, and not in the Dyeing Trade, the same be charged with the reipeQiive Duties payable to his Majesty as a Medicinal Drug, without being exempted under die Notion of a Drug used in Dyeing.

Resolved, iThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Stocks of the said Commodity called Senna, in die Hands of any Persons who fell or retail the same, or of any in Trust for them, or to their Ule, be charged with so much as shall make up the Duties to be paid on the Importation of Senna as a medicinal Drug.

The feid Reiblutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

Clandtftfee Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Report of better Execution of former Laws against Exportation of Wool, ate. Wool, Wool-felts, Wool-flocks, Mortiings, Shorlings, Fullers earth, Fullers-clay, and Tobacco-pipe-clay: And that Colonel Morton, General Mr. Bend, and

Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Prolonging The House, according to Order, resumed the Adjourn-. ed Debate upon the Amendment proposed to be made to tokingOatbe. the Bill for prolonging the Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and fe-cret Abettors.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 1 2° Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

P it a r E B 6.

Suppty Bill; AyTR. Farrer, presented to the House, according to Duties on jLYJL Order, a Bill for charging, and continuing the

a e* Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1716: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en-

Sanderjand’s able Charles Earl of Sunderland to take, in England, the Oath of Office as One of the Vice Treasurers, and Receivers General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself thereby for the Enjoyment of the said Office: And that Mr. Broderick, Mr. Gybbon, and, Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rapairing A Bill for making the Laws for repairing Highways Highway*, more effectual was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Turner, Lord Wm.

Pawlett, Colonel GrahmeSir Cha. Wager, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. , Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Whitmore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Colemore, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Nick. Carew, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Evelyn, Lord Coningsby, Sir Richard Ho Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Med-

lycot, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. IBlf,

Mr. Diston, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

vill, Mr. Treby, Mr. Farrer, Sir Jo Sir Tho. Caxe, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Heysham, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr. Powlctt, Mr. Herne, Mr. , Sir Tho.

Cross'e, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Freman, Sir Edward Ernley, Mr. Down, Mr. Bigg; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Sujfexand Cornwall: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal that Part of the Act, of the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Additional Act for the better Repair of Highways, which provides. That, where the Highways cannot be sufficiently repaired before the Fcaft of the Nativity of St. John Baptist yearly, the same may, and shall be, sufficiently repaired before the Feast of St.Luke yearly, without incurring any Penalty

for the not Doing thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper and Mr. Jcfjbp be added to Regulating the Gentlemen who are to bring in a Bill for better Re- Veilne*. gulating Select Vestries within the Cities of Iuondon and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality} and for preventing any Mifepplication of such Sums, as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Dnk* of tuled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of Athol’s John Duke of Athol in James Murray Esquire, com- £®^ura raonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, be now read the third time.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope informed the House, That his Majesty had been acquainted with the Contents of this Bill before it was brought into the House of Lords; and that he was graciously pleased to coufent to it.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That General Ro/Je do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Maynhard Duke of Schonberg&n<\ Leinster Duke of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Schonberg in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, the House of Commons was pleased to take into Consideration the great Services done by Mareschal Schonburg to their Majesties, and this Kingdom, and the great Losses he had sustained for the Protestant Religion; and to have d Consideration of the same in the Provision that was then made for the Civil Government: That the King thereupon signed a Warrant for a Grant to pals the Great Seal, directing the Payment of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds to Trustees therein named, to be laid out in purchasing Lands of Inheritance for the Benefit of Frederick Duke of Schonburg, and of his Pollerity; and communicated the same to this House by Sir Henry Capcll, then One of the Lords of the Treasury: That the said Grant had not the intended Effect, by reason of the hidden Departure of the said Duke for Ireland, where he was flain, at the memorable Battle of the Boyne’, and his Son, the Marquis of Hancich, who succeeded him in his Honour, commanding his Majesty’s Forces in Piedmont, was also flain there, at the Battle of Marfaglia: That the Petitioner Maynhard, the present Dukeof Schonburg and Leinster, being, by the Limitations, and Appointments of the said intended Grant, to have taken Benefit thereby to him, and his Heirs, his Majesty King William, in Consideration that the State of his Affairs did not then admit of the Payment of the abovesaid Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, did, by Letters of Privy Seal, and afterwards by Letters Patents, grant to the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the yearly Sum of Four thousand Pounds out of the Revenue of the

Pofr

v

a Geo. I. 12’ — 13° Mar tit. Z99

Post Office, for the Inter eft and Forbearance thereof until Payment of the said Principal; promising, for himself and Successors, to pay and satisfy the same as loon as the State of Affairs would admit; and declaring, That when the said Sum, or any Part thereof, should be paid, the Interest should cease in proportion; and the principal Money should be laid out in purchasing Lands of Inheritance, to be settled on the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and, on Failure of such Issue, to the right Heirs of Duke Frederick for ever: That the said Patent is taken notice of, and preserved by Exception, in several Acts of Parliament; but the Duke is advised by his Counsel, That the Grant is defective as to the Payment of the Interest of the said One hundred thousand Pounds; the same being limited only to the said Duke, and the Heirs of his Body: And praying, That this House will please to give Leave, that a Bill be brought in to enable his Majesty to supply the Defeat of the said Grant by a new Grant on the Revenue of the Poll Office, for securing the said Interest of Four per Cent, until Payment of the said principal Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds to the Petitioner the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and, on Failure of fitch Issue, to the said Duke, and his Heirs.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, That his Majesty had been acquainted with the Cafe; and was graciously pleated to give his Consent, That such a Bill may be brought in, if this House thinks fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply a De-fest in a Grant, made by his Majesty King William the Third, unto Maynhard Duke of and Leinster

of the annual Sum of Four thouliind Pounds out of the Revenues of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid: And that the Loi-d,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, on the Heads therein mentioned, as itstood on the 31st of December 1715, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money, Tallies, 8$c, remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands on the 31 ft of December 1715, over and above the Alignments on them from the Navy Board, and which may be reckoned towards fetisfying the Debt of the Navy, in case it shall be applied to the Service thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies granted in the Session of Parliament beginning the 17th Day of March 1714, for the Service of the-Navy, exclusive of the Ordnance, according to the Votes of the House of Commons of the Second of April, the Tenth of May, and the-Eleventh of August, last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they bad made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 19.

Mortis, 13* dieMartii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prat ers.

A BILL for Relief of the Eight hundred licensed Regotoiing Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London

and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was' read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Powlett, Sir James Long, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Molesworth,

Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Archer, Mr. Coventry, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sir

John Ward, Mr. Treby, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Heyshatn,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Onslow,.Syt Just.

Isham, Mr. Travers, Mr. Diston, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Pel-

ham, Mr. Farrer, Lord Conningsby, Sir John Ruskout,

Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Mr.

Wentworth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harrington Shute, Mr. London, Mr. Nervland, Mr. Minskull, Mr. Sir

Richard Steel, Mr. Law [on. Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Herne, Mr. Colemore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jennings, General Lumley, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Mason, Sir Tho. Samuel, Mr:

Fowler; and all that serve for the County of

City of London, Westminster, and County of Surrey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for prolonging the Prolonging Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act Ti"e for for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Go- tekinS0atlls' vernment, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of and his open and secret Abettors; be read the Third time -upon Friday Morning next

A Bill for naturalizing CafparWhite was read a Second Whit*'* time. ‘ Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ford, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Archer, Mr. Smithson,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. White, Mr. London, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Wynn, Sir Robert Fumefe, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lister,

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Norris, Lord Coningsby, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mickle-thwaite, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Earl, Mr. Molejwoi'th, Lord Down, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Tho.

Crosse, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Brodrick, Mr.

Mr. Gould, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hey-sham, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Godfrey, Mr. D'Bovery, Mr. Shippen, Sir Samuel Leonard: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Duke of Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Pa- Sc*onberg > tents to supply a Defect in a Grant made by his Majesty, Gnmt.10 rS King William the Third unto Maynhard Duke of -berg and Leinster of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Suin of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Broderick presented to the House, according to Earl of Order, a Bill to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland to take, Suaderland’* in England, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, Re- Sua|i^in® ceiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Maje- for ce’ fly’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to qualify himself thereby for the Enjoyment of the said Office: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Indemnity indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his ^Govern*

Majesty’s meat.

400 13° — 14° A. 1715.

Majesty’s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Pfiate of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions: And that Mr. Broderick and Mr. York do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

White'* A/T R. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Nat. 1V1 whom the Bill for naturalising Caspar White was committed, That they had examined the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

preventing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for preventing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Desertion. Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

Guliker’* And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat the Naturalization of F Guliker. Earl of Also they were commanded by the Lords to acquaint

Winton’s Im- this House, That their Lordships will be ready to go peachment. ^own into fVest minster-hall on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in order to the Tryal of George Earl of Winton, upon the Impeachment of this House exhibited

against him.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will be present at the Tryal

of Geot'ge Earl of Winton, as a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, to whom the Answer of George Earl of Winton was referred, be appointed Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment exhibited by this House against the said Earl.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to the Court in Westminster-hall, erected for the Tryal of George Earl of Winton, in the same Manner as they did to the hearing Judgment pronounced against the Six condemned Lords.

Ordered, That the Constables of Westminster do give their Attendance, for keeping the Passages to and from Westminster-hall clear, during the Tryal of the Earl of Winton, so that the Members of this House may not be incommoded.

Dagenham A Petition of Dominick Donnelly Gentleman, was pre-B reach. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the

Petitioner, at the Request of One of the Trustees appointed by Act of Parliament to receive Proposals for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by (lopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, did, at a considerable Expence, provide Boats, Hands, and other Necessaries, to survey and take a Plan of, the fame: That the Petitioner, after he had spent above Two Months in taking the several Soundings, and in making such Observations and Experiments as were necessary to find the Pulh of the Water at the Mouth of the said Breach, and the Nature of the Earth at the Bottom thereof, did actually survey, and take an ex-aft Plan, both of the Breach, and the Levels overflowed thereby: That, on the Petitioner’s Return to London, he made Models of the several Machines he had contrived to stop the said Breach; and then delivered in his Proposals to the Trustees; and offered to undertake, and perfect, the same for 15,000l.; But Mr. being a prior

Propofcr, was employed, notwithstanding the Petitioner did then assign undeniable Reasons to convince both

15

well, and his Friends, that his Method was impracticable:

After the Lois of a whole Year, and Seven thousand Pounds Expence, BofweWs Works blew up; and the flopping the said Breach is thereby rendered more difficult, and the Sand Bank at the Mouth thereof very much increased:

Upon the first Notice in the Gazette for receiving new Proposals, the Petitioner did again deliver in his Proposals for (lopping the said Breach, and demanded only 16,300l.; but the Trustees then infilled upon Security for Ten thousand Pounds Forfeiture, in case his Method did not succeed: But, on the Petitioner’s representing die Hardships of such Resolution, they reduced the Forfeiture to 6,000l.; but then allowed him Two Days only to get such Security: A Committee being appointed to inspect the several Schemes, of which Notice was agreed to be lent to each Propoler, the Petitioner was prepared with his Plans and Models; but had no Notice till after the Committee had met, and agreed in favour of Mr. Perry, One of the Propoiers; since which, the Petitioner could never prevail to have his Scheme examined; the Trustees have agreed to pay to the said Mr. Perry 25,000 /. and to advance what Money he shall have Occasion for in the Undertaking; notwithstanding the Petitioner proposed topei> fest the same for 16,300l. .* That several able Mathematicians, who have considered Mr. s Scheme, have

declared it as their Opinion, That the said Scheme will be found to be impracticable: And praying this House, to prevent any further Misapplication of publick Money, and the great Damages that may arise, by future Miscarriages, to the Navigation of the River of T, and the Trade of this Kingdom, to appoint a Committee to examine the several Schemes of the Petitioner and Mr. Perry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Darcey, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. London, Sir

Tho. Scawen, Mr. Mason, Lord CSir Gilbert

Heathcote, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Farrtr, Mr. Onslow Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sir Robert

Rich, Mr. Freman, Mr. Barrington Sir Nath.

Mead, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Clayton, Sir Richard Sir

John Norris, Sir Wm. Humfreys, Sir John Ward, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel Cornwall, Lord Rowlett, Mr. Pawlett, Colonel Morton, Sir Harry Ash hurst,

Mr. Smith, Sir Jof Jekyll, Mr. Ward, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Oughton,

Mr. Minshull;and all that serve for the Counties of

Middlesex, Kent, Essex, Surrey, and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Boswell was presented to the Dagenham House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1714, Breach, the Petitioner entered into Contraft with the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament to treat for the flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in Essex, being near 500 Feet wide; and was to have, at Three several Payments, 16,300l. for performing the fame, the Petitioner’s Contraft commencing the 5th of August, and obliging him to complete the said Works in 15 Months from that Date; but, the said Articles being not finished for signing till about October, and the Winter approaching, the Petitioner could not begin to work till the latter End of February, at which time he proceeded in a regular Method, such as was approved of by a Committee of the Trustees, who. w ent down to survey the fame; and so far advanced the said Works since, as to close them to 30 Foot; but the latter End of the Summer being very wet and ltoririy, occasioned boisterous Tides, by which the Petitioner’s said W orks received fume Damage, and made him not only elaple the Time of his

own

<i Geo. I.

14* — 15° Marin,

401

But, the Contract being laid before fei? Wdufe, fee acting Exportation of Wool, Wool-felts, Wool-floeks, Mort-

Treftees would oot comply wife either; and fee Peli tioner was forced, at the Expiration of his Coptte#, to desist from working t And praying, in Confederation of the 8,000 /. be has already laid out on the said Works, the Experience he has shewn therein, and a great Part of fee Works now franding, he nay have Liberty to carry

lings, Shortings, Full^rs-earth, Pulleirs-clay, and Tobacco-pipe-day.

A Message from fee L^rd/t, by Mr* Htdfprd and Mr.

Lcwibond:

Mr. Speaker,

me vr orits now uanuing, ue y m uwry The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, EarlofWin-

nwfc_wpon the M* *« rf eJL M of -V-.

Earl of Burlington and Cork's qualifying.

Coinage

Duties.

Importing

Cochineal.

State of Scotland.

Ways and Means.

Members Places in Westminster-hall to be cJo&red, &c.

other Person whatsoever} or otherwise will please to order him sech other Relief as to your Honours shall seem meet.

Ordered, That fee hud Petition <be referred to fee Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dominick Donnelly is referred.

A Petition of Richard Earl of Burlington was presented to fee House, and read; lotting forth, That Letters Patents have lately passed fee Great Seal of Ireland, to constitute the Petitioner to he his Majesty's High IVeafiiter of fee said Kingdom: That the Petitioner, by reafun of his present Service, and Attendance, in the Parliament Britain, cannot go into Ireland, to qualify himself there forsee feid Offices, as fee Law direfits': And praying, That a Bill may be brought into this House, ‘to enable him to take the usual Oath of Office, and to qualify himself, here in England, for fee legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring jn a Bill, according to the Prayer of the kid Petition: And that Mr. Darcy, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Landogi, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Farrer presentod to the House according to Order, a Bill to continue fee Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill'for the free Importation of Cochineal, during fee Time therein limited, was read a -Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fee said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Confederation the State of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The Order of fee Day being read, for fee House to refblve itself into a Committee of fee whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing fee Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into fee laid Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of fee Clock.

Jovisy 15° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That there are several Members, and Strangers, in fee Places in W mimter-hall where fee Members are to fit, and in fee Passages thereto;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Plages appointed for fee Members

ton, That General Carpenter, a Member of this House, Pediment may be examined as a Witness, at his Tryal, their Lord- amine a {hips do define. That this House will give Leave to the Member, said General Carpienter to be so examined at the said

Efwt’e TjryeL

And then fee MetSengerj withdrew.

Ordered, That General Carpenter have Leave to he examined as a Witbefe at the Tryal of George Earl of Winton.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker ac^uaifitedfeem therewife.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Passages to House do take lute his Custody all suchPcrlbns as shall be Westminster-in fee Lobby, or Passages leading to Westvdnster-hall, or b{ jbe in fee Places prepared'for the Members of this House, or c eare who shall attempt to cqme into feofe Places while the Members are fitting the re.

The House being informed, That there are already fe- Member* veral Members in fee Places in ffestminster-hall; already there

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to go, wife summoned' the Serjeant, and a Cleric, info the Places appointed for fee Members of this House, and the Paffeges thereto, and fee the Orders of fee House obeyed, for clearing fee said Places and Passages; and to take the Names offirch Members as shall refute to obey fee feme:

Apd it is referred to Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Cifnninghpm, Mr. Campbell, Mr. L:

Who went accottiingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. John Chetwynd reported from the said Committee, Names re-.That. there were several Members in the said Place?, who ported on refused to come out of feofe Plpces into fee House. difobcying.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Chetwynd do report fee Names of the said Members.

And he reported the same accordingly; viz. That Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Elford, Mr. Thomas Onslow, Sir Edward

Ernie, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Wm. Powlett,

Mr. Tho. Wynn, Lord Stanhope, Sir Tho. Samuel, and Mr. Eyles, were in the said Places; and refused to come out of feofe Places into fee House:

And it was thereupon

Ordered, That the said Committee do go and summon fee said Members to attend the Service of fee House, in their Places, immediately.

And fee Committee went, and summoned the Members accordingly: And they all came into the House.

A Message from fee Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Earl of Win-Lovibond: ton'elm-

Mr. Speaker, peachmeat.

The Lords had commanded us to acquaint this House,

That their Lordships were now ready to go into Westminster-hall, to the Tryal of the Earl of Winton.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That fee Messengers be called inand acquainted, That the House had considered their Message; and that this House had staid till the Places prepared for the Members of this House in were

cleared; and, being informed, That fee said Places are now clear, they are preparing to go into Westminster-hall, immediately.

Ordered, That no Member presume to go into Westminster-hall till fee County for which he serves is called.

Ordered, That fee Names of fee Committee appointed

of fee House in Westminster-hall, and clear the same of

all Strangers; and summon the Members there to attend to be Managers be called over, fee Service of fee House, And they were called over accordingly:

Vqju 18. 5 K

And

by

Earl of Winston*« Impeachment.

White's Nat.

Supply.

Prolonging Time for takingOaths.

402

150 — 16° — ‘i70 ' Martii. 1715.

And they went to the Places in appointed for them. And,

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their County, as usual:

And they went into Westminster-hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Looibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lord ships have ordered, That the Earl of Winton be brought to the Bar of their House, in mimter-hall. Tomorrow, at Eleven o’Clock in the Forenoon: And that their Lordships do then intend to proceed further in the Tryal of the said Earl.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

AN ingrofi’ed Bill for naturalizing White was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing White.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerfo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered \That the ingrossed Bill for prolonging the Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for

extinguishing - the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration the State of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers upon the Tryal of George Earl of Winton be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and went to the Places appointed for them in

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to be present at the Tryal of the Earl of Winton.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over, at the Table, by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual:

And they went into Westminster-hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170 d Martii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the annual Produce of the Duties on Salt in England; and of the Drawbacks out of the same.

And then they withdrew.

' And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

Atf

State of Scotland.

Earl of Winston’s Impeachment.

Salt Duties.

L*

o

00

An ACCOUNT of the annual Produce of the Duties on Salt in England; and of the Drawbacks out the fame.

— Gross Produce. PARTICULARS of the DRAWBACKS. Total Amount of the Drawbacks.

r For Discount on prompt Payment. For Salt exported. For Fifti exported. For Beef and Pork exported. \ For Salt loft at Sea. For foreign Salt over-entered., For Rock Salt melted and refined into White Salt. For Waste on Salt carried Coastwise.

£ ' d. £ ' d. £: £ £ s. d. £ ' d. £ * d. £. d. £. *. d. £

From 05th March 1708 to 25° March 1709 - 380,128 19 — i 18,838 17 7I 80,762 3 6} 39,530 2 i°i 9 10 — 2,723 2 6 - - 37,291 6 2 9,705 5 7 188,860 3 34

From 25th March 1709 to 250 March 1710 - 399,493 8 — i*.75 13 7 88,152 10 7$ 29,886 14 io| 60 3 10 1,697 16 3 - 39,761 6 4) 9,923 16 gi 188,233 2 4

From 25th March 1710 to 250 March 1711 - 406,508 a 5 19,023 2 si 103,443 5 — t 34-539 16 4$ 6 12 toj 2,655 17 8} - 41,831 5 — 3 10,001 12 6J 211,501 12 — J

From 25th March 1711 to 259 March 1712 - 373,480 8 gi 18,758 7 9 91,354 16 "1 50,230 12 93 - 3-125 6 4I 3 11 34,462 10 9$ 10,053 19 ioj 207,989 6 23

From 25th March 1712 to 25° March 1713 - 368,161 9 — 19,432 8 11 68,122 11 i| 62,412 5 — i - 1,248 15 — 42 18 6 4i, H3 3 3i 9,9n 3 ni 202,313 5 93

From 25th March 1713 to 25* March 1714 - 481.713 4 3 20,252 14 93 101,229 6 3 86,217 4 10 18 *,467 7 1 49 3 4 45,446 19 3f 11,219 10 ij 266,900 5 8$

From 25th March 1714 to 25* March 1715 - 543.515 10 4} 21,004 19 8$ 192,823 9 33 ' 105,051 4 8f 2 759 14 - - - 42,968 l6 10$ 41,648 11 9 374,258 16 6|

Ex*

Salt Office,

15th March 1715.

B. Mildmay,

T. Woodcock,

James Cardonnel, A. Ingram,

Cha. Dent.

D

(Q

1 — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

FT

1

a- GeO. I. ' 170 .4^3

464 /7* Martii. A. 1715.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

- to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Allowances Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Duties on ^£*"8 Salt do lay before this House a particular Account of the ’ several Allowances made on Exportation of Fiffi; and

what Quantities of Salt are used in curing the same, respectively; and of the Frauds by them discovered concerning the lame.

Half Pay Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, by his Majesty’s

Estimate. Command, pursuant to their Addfefe, a State of the Half Pay granted by Parliament for the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1715; with an Estimate of the Sum wanted to make up the same full Pay for One Year, after deducting the Money saved by the Death, or Provision, of any of the said Officers, between the 25th of December 1714, and die 24th of December 1715: Also,

A Lift of several Officers to whom his Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant Half Pay by Warrant: Also,

An Account of the Sum wanting to make up the Half Pay full Pay to several Officers, from the 20th of 1715, to the respective Days of their Death, or. Provisions: Also,

An Estimate of the extraordinary Charges relating to Dunkirk, for which no Provision has been made in Parliament: Also,

An Estimate of the Sum wanting to make pp the Half Pay of the reduced Officers full Pay for One Year, from the 26th of July 1715, to the 25th of 1716: Also,

A Lift of the reduced Officers dead, or provided for, within the Year 1715, with the respective Sums saved by their Half Pay: Also,

An Estimate of Half Pay for the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Mariues unprovided for, for One Year, from the 25th Day of December 1715, to the 24th of December 1716:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said State, Lifts, Account, and Estimates, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said State, Lifts, Account, and Estimates, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Frauds in A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Aflift&nts, of Soap- the Company of Soap-makers of the City of London, was

n»*king. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That,

by the several Acts made in the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, whereby several Duties have beeb laid upon Soap, amongst other the Penalties therein contained, the Sum of 20/. and no more, is laid upon any Makers of Soap, who shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Soapt chargeable by thie said Acts, or any of the Materials for making the lame, to the Tn-tent to deceive his Majesty of the said Duties: That by several Discoveries made, and Convictions had, before the honourable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, that the said Penalty is too final! to deter feme

Persons from such fraudulent Concealments; whereby the Duty is very much lessened, and the fair Dealer greatly injured: And praying this House will be pleased to think, of feme proper Method, the better to secure his Majesty’s Duty, and protect the fair Trader.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Be upon the Table until the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716, shall be read a Second time.

Unfold A Petition of several Inhabitants in and about the Towns of Hertford, Ware, Hoand Parts adjacent, Was presented to the Uoufe, and read; 'setting forth, That the Petitioners living in and about the Towns of Hertford, JVare, Hoddefden, and Parts adjacent, being Persons trading from the said Places to London with Carts and Carriages, <£c. observing, that considerable Part of the said

Roads are lying afld being within the Parish of Amwell Magna; and the Roads there are very bad, and in feme Places scarcely pafiable with Carriages, %c.; and although the said Parish has raised and laid but upon them Six Pence in the Pound, as by Law directed; the Petitioners hearing, that the Commissioners for the Turnpike that is at Kmgmmd for the Use of the said Road, in part, are endeavouring to add feme farther Time to their present Term, for the better amending the same: And whereas we the Petitioners, and the Places to which we belong, do contribute very largely, by paying to the said Turnpike, towards amending the said ‘Roads: And praying, That their same may be taken into Consideration, and such Allowances made to us out of the Produce of the said renewed or prolonged Term, as to your Honours great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Enfield Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, Road-made in the 12th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway nr Road from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfold, in the same County, next the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; add then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ataendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That it be an Instru'ftion to the Committee, Regulating to whom the Bill for Relief of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of and West- Coaclunen-

minster, add the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is committed,

That they have Power to receive a Clatufe for preventing the Mischiefs occasionfed by Carmen, Carters, and Draymen, riding on their Carts, Waggons, dr Drays, in any of the Streets of London, Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for bet-_ ter regulating the "Lamps, and other Lights, in the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Mr. BrafeWcZr presented To 'the 'House, according to Indemnity Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons who have acted for Defence in Defence of his Majesty’s Person and1 Government, and ^e^vern* for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the -Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits1 and Prosecutions: And the same -was received ;-and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Troop* in Majesty, That he will be graciously! pleased to direct,

That an Account be laid before this HouseWhat Number tMO* of Troops were in North Britain upon the 20th of July 1715; and in what manner they were disposed of.

Resolved, That an humble Address 'be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct, That an Account be laid before1 this House when the Three Regiments of Foot, which, 'about the same time, were in North Britain, were ordered to go from thence into Ireland; the Time they received thieir last Orders for going; and the Time and Place they embarked for Ireland, purseant to those Orders.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

A Messaga

T!arl of Winton’s Impeachment.

Boctors’Nat-

Earl of Winton's Impeachment.

Privilege.

State of Scotland.

Earl of Winton's Impeachment.

2 Geo. I. 17 —: i p° — 20° Martii. 405

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have ordered the Lieutenant of the Tower of London to bring George Earl of to the Bar of their Lordships House, in Westminster-hall, on Monday next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, that their Lordships may proceed further, in order to Judgment upon the said Earl. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing GerardRoeters, without any Amendment. And then the Meffijngers withdrew.

their Lordships against George Earl of for IJigh

Treason.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Kle&ion for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of be received

upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addresses, of Saturday last, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That the several Accounts thereby dciired shall be laid before this House.

Ponte (raft Election.

Answer t. AdJrefs.

Rcfohed', That this House will be present, as a Committee of the whole House, in when the

Lords shall proceed further, in order to Judgment upon George Earl of Winton.

Refolded, Nemine contradicente, That the Committee appointed to manage the Impeachment against George Earl of Winton be impowered, in case the House of Lords shall proceed to give Judgment before the same is demanded by this House, to infiit upon it. That it is not Parliamentary for their Lordships to give Judgment until the same be tirlt demanded by this House.

The House being informed, That the Persons complained of for a Breach of 'Privilege committed against George Evans Esquire, now Lord Carberry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, by suing him at Common Law, and proceeding to Trial, and threatening to sign Judgment against him, have submitted, and made Satisfaction to his Lordship for the said Offence;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, ig° d Martii;

Anno g* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Ptt A Y ERS

THE Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, take into Consideration the State of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords toacquaint this House, Judgment on That their Lordships are presently going down into West- Karl of W‘B* minster-hall, to give Judgment against George Earl of ton‘ Winton, who itands convicted of High Treason.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will immediately relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to be present when the Lords give Judgment against George Earl of Winton, who stands convicted of High Treason, upon the Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers of the Impeachment against the Earl of Winton be called over.

And they were called over accordingly by the Clerk:

And they went into the Places appointed for them in Westminster-hall.

The House reiblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And, the Members being returned to the House}

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Thom- Regulating [on, Mr. Dixy Windsor, Sir Cha. Ilotham, Lord Downe, Hackney Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jenlcins, be added to Co*('nin-il*

the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas John Searing, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee appointed to manage the Impeachment against George Earl of Win-Ion be called over.

And they were called over accordingly:

And they went to the Places appointed for them in Westminster-hall.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to be present in Westminster-hall when the Lords proceeded further, in order to Judgment upon George Earl of Winton.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over, by the Clerk, by their Counties:

And they w ent into their Places in Westminster-hall.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will immediately go, with their Speaker, and the Mace, to the Bar of the House of Lords, and demand Judgment of High Treason against George Earl of Winton, upon the Impeachment of the Commons.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been at the Bar of the House of Lords, with their Speaker, and the Mace; where he had, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeflfes, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, demanded Judgment of Vot. 18.

Mart is, 20° die Martii;

Anno 2" Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

qRDERED, That George Wilcocks Esquire be at Hindoo Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an Election, undue Election and Return for the Borough of tiindon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to Duk« of supply a Defeat in a Grant made by his Majesty King.SchonWg William the Third unto Maynhard Duke of Schonberg Leinfttr’i and Leinster, of the annual Sum of Four thou land Pounds rant

out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

5 L The

405 20° Martii. A. 1715.

Expedition The House being informed, That a Person from the to Canada. Comptrollers of the Army attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House Copies of several Papers relating to the Expedition to Canada.

And then he withdrew.

Anti the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the said several Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants trading to, and residing in, A England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Palatines A Petition of John Champante Esquire, Agent of the fctded in Province of New York, for and on the behalf of Brigadier Araenca. General Robert Hunter, his Majesty’s Governor in Chief of the said Province, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Precarioufiiefs of the Trade of Great Britain with the Northern Crowns for Naval Stores having occasioned great Difficulties, the Lords Commissioners for Trade and the Plantations, in the Year 1709, laid a Proposal before the late Queen in Council, That Three thousand of the Palatines, then lately arrived here, might be employed, to the very great Advantage of this Kingdom, in the Province of Nezo York, on the Production and Manufacture of Naval Stores; which Proposal her said Majesty was pleased to approve of, and to charge the said Governor with the Care and Execution thereof: That the Charge of making such a Settlement of the said Palatines was computed to amount to Thirty thousand Pounds; which the said Governor had Assurances should be made good to him; and, pursuant thereto, had the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds issued to him, towards their Transportation, and to answer other Charges on their Account; and, as to the Remainder of the said Thirty thousand Pounds, he had Directions to draw, Quarterly, Bills of Exchange on the Treasury for proportionable Parts of the fame; which accordingly he has been necessitated to do; but none of his Bills, except Two of One thousand Pounds each, have been ever accepted, or paid; which has turned not only to his very great Damage, but to the Prejudice too of the public Credit, upon tire Faith of which the several Sums of Money he drew for were advanced: And praying, That this House would take the said Governor’s same into Consideration, in relation to the Monies due on the said Bills of Exchange, which were drawn pursuant to her late Majesty’s Instructions, and the Directions of the Treasury; and to cause, that Provision may be made for the Paymertt thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

Bridlington A Bill to revive, and continue, an Act made in the ri*re. Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Mr. Strickland, Mr. Thorn])fan. Lord Win. Powlett, Sir Tho. Scawen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Norris, Mr. villiams, Mr. cot, Mr. York, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Ingram, Colonel Grah/n, Sir Richard Farington, Mr.

Laufon, Mr. Diston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smiihfon, Mr.

Hcysham, Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Sir Arthur

Kay, Sir IVm. Daines, Mr. JefJ'up, Lord Mr.

Herne, Mr. Earl, Mr. Sir Richard Steel, Mr.

Brijlou', Sir Phil. Parker, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. po'’t, Mr Cholmley, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Inge, Mr. Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Delaval, St. Quintin: and all the

Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they examine how the Money granted by the former Act has been applied; and what Lands or Estates are appropriated for repairing the said Piers.

A Petition of Philip Norris, Stephen Roome, Nathanael Regulating Though ton, and Gilbert Page, Undertakers for Funerals, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, was pre- 0<iC m fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that there is a Bill depending in this House for Relief of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality; which ifethe same should pals into a Law, the Petitioners will be great Sufferers thereby: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, before the Committee, to whom -the Bill is committed, as in your great Wifdotn shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Bill to enable Charles Earl of Sundei'land to take in Earl of Sun-England the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, Receiver demand’s General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s <Ef"efor Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself thereby for the Enjoyment of the said Office; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brodrick,

Sir John Rushout, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Delava/, Mr.

Gibbon, Mr. Travers, Mr. Be re, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Onjlmc, Mr. Butler,

Mr. London, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Addison, Mr. Mason, Mr. Campbell,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Powlett, Lord Newport, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Earl, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Jefop, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. Newport,

Sir Stephen Leonard, Mr. Molefoorth, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Ward, Admiral Aylmer: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Rochester was presented to Earl of the House, and read; setting fortji, That his Majesty has Rocheilrr’* been pleased, by Letters Patents under the great Seal of ^Ujlc‘e- in£for Ireland, to constitute and appoint the Right honourable Charles Earl of Sunderland, and the Petitioner, to Ife his Majesty’s Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Pay-master General, of all hh» Revenues, Profits, and Casualties, whatsoever, of his said Kingdom of Ireland; and to beTieafurer at War there: That the Petitioner, by reason of his present Service and Attendance in Parliament, cannot go into Ireland to quality himself for the said Office: And praying, That a Bill may be brought into this House, or a Clause in fbme Bill, to enable him to take the usual Oath of Office, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland to take in England the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Pay matter General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues of the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office , is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord D.a^enh"°* Hincliinbroke, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Methuen, Lord lsac

berry, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Cha. Ifotham, Mr. Pullen y,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Molyneu.r, Mr. Chetztynd, Mr. Slo-per, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bond,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dominick Donnelly Gentleman, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Importing whole House, upon the Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal. Cochineal during the Time therein limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

2 Geo. I.

20° — 21° Martii. 407

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ward reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ye*, Jg*, } 66.

Tellers for he Noe, "-> }..»

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday next, at One of the Clock.

Prolonging An ingrossed Bill for prolonging the Time for Persons Time for to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Se-takmgOaths. curity of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; was read the Thin! time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That such Persons as refused to take the Oaths before a Day to be appointed should not be restored:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {jjfc: } 120'

Tellers for the Noes, Cotemore: } 52'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was accordingly read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 17. To leave out such

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for prolonging the Time for Persons to take the Oaths, pursuant to the Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2i° die;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715.

Prayers.

MR Pulteney presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Troop* in Command, pursuant to the Address of this House, North an Account of the Number of Troops in North Britain Bnta,n* the 20th of July 1715, and in whaf manner they were disposed of; with an Account when the Three Regiments of Foot there were ordered from thence to Ireland:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Troops in North Britain the 20th of July 1715, and in what manner

they were disposed of; viz.

- Dragoons, Established Numbers. Totalfi Where disposed.

Earl of Portmores Regiment - - - 237 «» at Haddington. between Glasgow and Sterling.

Earl of Stair’s ----- Foot. 237 474

Lord Irwin's Regiment ----- 485 - at Fort William.

Lord Shannons ----- 485 - at Edenburgh.

Colonel Campbell's Independent Company 49 - *1

Colonel Grant's - - - 49 - 4 In the Highlands.

Captain Monroe's ----- 49 -J

Garison of Blackness Castle - 22

Garison of Dunbarton Castle - - - 22 ,

Garison of Edenburgh Castle - - - 77 —

Garison of Sterling Castle ----- 76 i.3»4 i,788

Ak ACCOUNT when the Three Regiments of Foot under-mentioned were ordered from North Britain to

Ireland; with the time, and Place of their Embarkation.

Date of their Order of March. Time of their Embarkation. Place of Embarkation.

Lord Forfar's Regiment -Earl of Orrery’s 10th17J5 2d July 1715 Port Patrick.

Ditto - - - 3d Ditto - Ditto.

Colonel Montague's Ditto - 8th Ditto - - - Ditto. Wm. Pulteney.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Darcy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork to . Vol. 18.

take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland-, and to qualify hiroself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office: And the same was read the First time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

Indemnity for Defence of Government.

Desertion of Soldiers, &c.

Maltoa

Lle&ioa.

Enfield

Hoad.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

pL^enhani

liitMtll.

40$ 21° Mart it. A. 1715.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty s Person and Government; and for the Prefenation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from Vexatious Suits and Prosecutions, was read a Second time.

Refifived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller be added to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in a Bill lor die more effectual and exemplary Punishraent of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or, who, being Papilts, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service.

The House being informed, That die honourable Thomas Wentworth Esquire, a Member of this House, whole Election for the Borough of in the County of

York, is petitioned against by Sir illimn Strickland Baronet, and by several Burgesses of the said Borough, and also a material Witness for the said Mr. Wentworth, are very ill, and not able to attend the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Monday next, as the same is appointed;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matters of the said Petitions upon Mpnday the Twenty-third Day of April next

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the i2di Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next the Parish of Cheshunt, in die County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and making, more effectual, an Act, made in die 12th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End in the Parish of Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in die Parish of Eiifield, in the same County, next the Parish of C,in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That some Words of Heat had passed between Mr. Wentworth junior and Mr. Strickland, Members of this House; and that Mr. Strickland was gone out of the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go and summon Mr. Strickland to attend die Service of die House immediately.

And the Serjeant went accordingly.

Mr. Strickland being come into the House;

Mr. Wentworth ltood up in his Place, and acknowledged he had uttered some Words to Mr. Strickland which he was ferry for.

Whereupon Mr. Strickland flood up in his Place, and said, lie should not prosecute the Mutter any further.

Ordered, That such Papers and Accounts as have been laid before this House this Sessionbythe Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act for the speedy, and effeo tual, preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by trapping the Breach in die Levels of Havering and Dagenham, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dominuk Donnelly is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideratioti the State of that Part of Great called Scotland:

And Mr. Secretary Stanhope delivered in at the Clerk's Table.a Letter to the Duke of Argyle, dated the 15U1 February 1716.

Which Letter was read; and is as follows; viz.

May it please your Grace,

THE unfortunate Circunoltances our Country is reduced to, by our late Divisions, are such as mult move the Pity and Compassion of any true-born;

and we have just Grouud to expect, that the Generality, which every Man allows tolhine lb bright in your Grace’s Churafter, will make it very disagreeable to you to fee your Country in that Situation.

The many and great Hardships we groaned under since the late Union, were not the least Motives of making us take Arms; and, however our Judgments may have been millaken in the Way of procuring Redress, our Intentions mull, we think, be allowed to be honourable, and what became a People who have, for so many Ages, preserved their Independency.

Whatever Hardships, and unexpected Accidents, have attended our Undertaking, we are the more ealy under them, that we always were resolved to bear the worst, and were willing to hazard our Lives in a Cause which appeared to us so just: But were our Lives our only Consideration, we would not have given your Grace the Trouble of this Letter: That which touches more fenfi-bly is, the melancholy View we have of so many old and worthy Families as mult fall with us; which makes ns wish, for the Good of our Country, that Peace and Tranquillity were restored; and that once more we should all return to that Love and Affection to one another, that ought to be the Entertainment of so many People link’t together by Blood and Relation.

This Reflection, we are confident, will touch your Grace as much as it does us, and make you use your Endeavours to obtain so happy an End; which would be belt effectuated, could we expect the Government would grant an Indemnity to such as are willing to live peaceably at home, and Liberty for those to go abroad who are desirous to pass the rest of their Lives beyond Seas.

It may not, perhaps, be unworthy the Government to accept the Acknowlegements of so many Noblemen and Gentlemen as have appeared here in Anns; and the Experience of all Ages shews what a Body of Men, reduced to Despair, may do; and we should consider it as the greatest Hardfkip that can be imposed on us, were we forced to act a Part of that Nature, which must prove so fatal, iq our Country.

Your Grace has now an Opportunity offered you of shewing your Affection to it, and, at the same time, doing a considerable Service to the Government, by securing the Obedience of lo many Noblemen and Gentlemen by the Ties of Gratitude, which must be considered very strong by Men of Honour; and, we hope, these Motives will prevail with your Grace to give us a speedy Answer, and let us know what are the Rel'olutions of the Government concerning us; and whether we may expect an Indemnity for what is pait, and Protection for our Lives and Fortunes in Time coining; which we consider the only Means of obtaining the End we now aim at, the Peace and Welfare of our Country, by preserving so many honourable Families as are engaged in this Affair.

We

Ways and Means.

Supply.

State of Scotland.

% GlSQ* I.

»e are fond to make you*'Grace tfea Inffrumiwd «f

procuring our Safety, and to owe you a Favour* w&jch wie ways oblige us to acknowlege ourselves,

May it pteafe your Groce,

JiMihven, ia Your Grace’s mofchowdite

Budemck, and cnofr obedfeot Servants*

Vfjtii February D. Mack

17160 A. Robert fen, of Strowan, Alex. Gordm,

J. M. Dougall, Linlithgow,

Alexander

Clau. Ranald,

Jama Q

Then Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That there were several Persons at the Door, who could give ail Arccfent what Persons of Diitih6aon had been in Arms in Scotland, on the Part of the Rebels during the present Rebellion there, either at , or elsewhere:

' They were severally calted in, and", at the Bar, ‘examined; and gave the House art Account, That they had seen the Earl Marischal, the Earl of Seafofth, the Earl of Southejlce, and the Earl of Panmure, in Arms there, on the Part of the Rebels; together with several others, who were particularly named by the said Witnesses.'

- And then they feveraHy withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to attaint the Earl Marischal, the Earl of Sea forth, the Earl of Southeske, the Earl of Panmure, and others, of High

Treason, if they render not themselves to Justice, by a

Day to be therein limited: And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Lord

by, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Haldane, and Mr. Recorder, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill the more effectually to securethe Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of ScotlandAnd that the same Gentlemen who are to bring in the said Bill of Attainder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committeo. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tonnarrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2* die Marti*;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

PRAYER8.

rp H E House being informed, that some of the Com-alorem' X missioners of the Custonos attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return to Two Orders of this House of the Sixth instant; being a particular Account of all Goods and Merchandize imported, not rated in the Book of Rates, but paying Duty, ad Valorem, according to the Oath of the Importer: And also,

An Account of all unrated East India Goods which pay Duty by the Value at the Candle: And also,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties on Pepper, by a Medium of Three Years before the last Duly was laid, and by a Medium of Three Years since the said Duty was laid.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The fek^ Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Desertion of Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Soldiers,&c. Order, a Bill for the more effectual and exemplary Pu-nishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the HU be mad a Second time.

... Vot,. 18.

409

Mr. Hcatpdm, according to Order, reported, from the PootofmA

Committee of Pnuiileges.and Elections, the Matter, as it Bkdtoo. appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of Park, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at; the Clerk’s Table:

Where toe Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follows; viz.,

Upon the Petitions of Sir Wm. Baronet, and

Hugh Bethel Esquire; and oiChristopher and others, Burgesses of toe Borough of PonteJraR, in the County of York.-,complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable John Downey and Robert Frank Esquires, for the said Borough:

The Committee examined the Merits of this1 Elec1-tion:

That it was agreed, That this was a Borough by.Pro* icription; and that the Right of Election is in Persons having a Freehold of Burgage-tenure, paying a Burgage-rent.

The Poll was,

For Mr. Daumey, 149: For Sir Wm. Lawther, 122:/

Mr. Frank, 145: Mr. Bethel, 11 i

That the Petitioners Counsel complained of Partiality in the Mayor, Recorder, and Town Clerk; and alleged they should add 41 to their Poll, and take off 38 from the Sitting Members.

It appeared by the Poll, That Two voted twice for the Sitting Members.

And, by the Evidence of Wm. Lee, it appeared, That Three Quakers tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and were refused, because they would not take the Abjd-ration Oath; though they offered to take the Affirariation to the Eflfeft thereof:

That the Mayor was governed in the Poll by the Recorder, and Mr. Edmund Abbot the Town Clerk; who was an Agent for the Sitting Members, and took several Votes for them, w ho had no Right; and refused several for the Petitioners, who had a Right: And that Abbot who has the making up of the Fee-farm Book every Year for the Mqyor, wherein the different Tenures should be distinguUhed, and all toe Burgages truly entered, had marked therein several as Burgage-tenants, who were not so; and omitted the marking others, who were; winch Partiality run in favour of the Sitting Members; and that Disputes upon the Poll had been frequently determined by this Book:

That Twelve Persons, who, by Conveyances from Sir William Lawther, dated January 2d, 1713, and proved by Mr. Lee, claimed Twelve BuFgages, Part of an Estate formerly Wakefield’s, and which pay Burgage-rent, and were purchased by Sir Wm. Lowthe in 1711, tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; but were refused; although most of them, or their Predecessors, had been admitted at former Elections, when they voted in a contrary Interest.

The Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add Eleven, who,

by Conveyances from SieWm. Lawther and Mr. Bethed, dated January5th, 1714, claimed Eleven Burgages, Part of an Estate formerly EngliJKs, and which pay Burgage-rent, and were purchased by Sir Wm. Lawther from -rifon, and others, in December 1714: The several Conveyances to them were proved by Mr. Lee: And it appeared, that English, the former Owner, being a did not vote in Elections; but that the Premisses were Burgage-tenure, and paid Burgage-rent, and were so entered in the Town Books.

To add Six to the Petitioners Poll, Mr. proved- the

Conveyances of Six Burgages from Sir Wm. , and

others, to Six Persons in 1714; and lie named Six other Persons who voted on the Sitting Members Side for the same Burgages; and therefore ought to be taken from their Poll.

Nine were insisted on to be added to the Petitioners Poll, whose Conveyances of Burgages from Sir Wm. Leather, and others, some in 1714, and others in former Years, were produced, and proved by Mr Lee, and others; by whose Evidence, «pdi>y. the old Books and Writings,

5 M »t

s

t,

410 22° — 23° Martii. 1715.

Pont* fr&A Uft&oa.

it appeared, that these Premise* were ancient Burgages, paid Burgage-rents, and that Votes had been formerly given for most of them.

It appeared, That the 41 Votes thus offered to be added, did tender themselves for the Petitioners, and were refuted: And, on proving their Titles before the Committee, it appeared, That the Consideration-monies were not paid, but Notes given as Securities for the fame.

The Petitioners Counsel objected to 30 of the Sitting Members Voters, betide the Eight before-mentioned to be taken off their Poll:

And by the Evidence of Mr. Wm. Mr. John Wild-

man, and Sam. Medley, it appeared, That, of those 30 Voters laftobje&ed to, several were not Burgage-tenants; feme had not Freeholds; some were split Votes, or disputable; others had been formerly reje6ted; and that some of them had no Title.

Mr. Wm. Lee added to what he had before laid of Abbot the Town Clerk, That he had inspected the Fee-form Books of the Burgage-tenants; and believed there were 40 or 50 Alterations made therein, of the Town Clerk’s Hand-writing, differing from former Books: That some of the Rents were changed, to make or not make them Burgage-rents, as it should favour the Sitting Members:

That 50 were left out who were Burgage-tenants; That this was done for the Sitting Members Interest, in whose favour Abbot was very active during the Poll; disputing all that came against the Sitting Members, and none that voted for them; Sometime acting by the Di-red ion of the Recorder, without the Mayor, and Sometime of his own Authority.

Mr. John Lee teltified, That Abbot put down several upon the Poll, and refuSed otheft, according to the Recorder’s Directions, without any order of the Mayor, who was then present

The Sitting Members Counsel alleged. They should justify the Poll, by qualifying those objcded to, and disqualifying thoSe the Petitioners would add; and that they should vindicate Abbot the Town Clerk in the Several Matters objected against him; but offered no Evidence for any of these Purposes, other than the some Abbot, who is complained of in the Petition, and charged by the Petitioners Evidence with ill Practices in favour of the Sitting Members.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the honourable John D F.squire is not duly elected a Burgefo to Serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of PontefraSt, in the County of York.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Frank Esquire is not duly elected a Burgefo to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Wm. Low t her Baronet is duly elected a Burgefo

to serve in this present Parliament for the Said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Hugh Bethel Esquire is duly elected a Burgefo to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle for the Yeas, { } 77-

Tellers for the Noes, { } ,4S.

So it passed in the Negative.

The foid Resolutions of the Committee, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Cleric of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, by rating out the Names of the honourable John Esquire, and Robert Frank Esquire, and inferring the

Names of Sir Wm. Lowther Baronet, and Hugh BetheU Esquire.

Sir John Ward, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bui, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned tiff Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2£° die Martii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1715. Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of PontrefraSt, in the county of,

A Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more effectually obliging the Receivers General of the Land Tax, and other Duties, to make Speedy Payment of the Money in their Hands into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for transferring to the Register to be kept by this A the Principal and Interest deficient on the Register for the Malt Act, which ended at Midsummer 1715.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, burnt, loft, or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to Benefit Tickets in the several Lotteries not yet adjusted.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the regular Payment of the Salaries, and other Charges, for executing the Lottery Act of 1710.

Ordered, That it be an InstruQdon to the Said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Said Committee,' That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners for the Land Tax within the Borough of St.Albans, to recover Monies in the Hands of former

Collectors, or Constables, on Account of Land Taxes in that Borough, not yet accounted for, or answered.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Soap-makers of the City of London, be referred to the Said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Supplying a Defect in the Act, of the Third Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, for railing Money by Sale of Annuities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into Abuses practised in the manufacturing Tobacco; and report the same to the House:

And

Importing

Cochineal,

PontefraA

Return

amended.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

frauds in

Tobacco

making.

A Member expelled for refilling Attendance.

Arrears of Lamelo-niere's, Ac. Regiments.

a Geo. I. 2 30 Mariii. 411

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Heysham Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Cross, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Robert Demers, Lord

Wm. Rowlett, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Johnson, Lord Down, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Nevill, Sir Richard Farington, Mr.

Mr. Morice, Mr. Diston, Mr. Mr. Hunger-

ford, Mr. Cowper, Sir fVm.St. Lowther, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Barington Mr. Strickland,

Mr. Bond; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Meflen-ger who went, pursuant to the Order of the Seventh instant, to bring Lewis Pryfe Esquire, up in Custody, was returned:

Whereupon he was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account what he had done pursuant to that Order; viz.

That he had been at Aberllefer where he had heard

Mr. Pryfe was; but did not find him there; and that he had been at Mr. Pryfe's House in Cardiganshire, and had

searched that and several other Houses for him, but could not find him: But that one Dr. Pugh, Mr. Pryfe & Physician, delivered a Letter to him from Mr. Pryfe, dated the 12th instant at Aberlqferry; which he delivered in; and it was read; and is as follows; viz.

Mr. Kingham, Aberlleferry, March is* 1714-

HAVING had feme Intelligence of your coming here,

I thought it more adviseable to be removed out of the Way, Sian to make myself a Prisoner, in this sickly Condition that I am now in; the Consequences of which would be fatal to me, if I should be required to undertake a London Journey, as my Physician, and the whole Counby, can inform you. Im

Your Friend and Servant,

Le. Pryfe.

Resolved, That Lewis Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House, havinjg been sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, the 8th Day of August last, for not attending the Service of this House; and having never qualified himself as a Member of this House, by taking the Oaths at the Table; and having been, on the 2d of February lad, summoned to surrender himself into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, upon pain of being proceeded against with the utmost Severity; and he having absconded, and peremptorily refused to surrender himself into Custody; be, for the said Contempt, expelled this House.

A Petition of the Three French Regiments of Foot, late under the Command of Major General Brigadier Belcastell, and the Right [honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier Ducambon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being all French Proteuant Refugees, and having served, the former War, in Ireland and Flanders, with a Zeal suitable to the Gratitude they owe for the Protection they have received from the English Nation, this House, out of a more particular Care for them, did, by a Refo-Jution, of the lft of March 1698, appropriate, for Payment of their Arrears, the Sum of 32,551/. gs. 5</. Part of the 800,000l. then granted by Parliament for Payment of the Arrears due to the Forces in;

which passed i_the Royal Assent on the lft February before; notwithstanding which, and contrary to the said Resolution, above One-third part of that Money was withheld from them, and diverted to other Purposes: That this House, upon their Application in the Years 1705, 1706, 1707, 1708, and 1709, being very sensible of the Grievance they had sustained, of the Justness of their Demands, and the great Zeal they have likewise shewn, during the last War in Flanders, Spain and caused

V01..I8.

several Bills, at several times, to be brought in for their Relief; but it appearing that their Accounts required too much time to have them settled, the Petitioners obtained an Address to her Majesty, to command the Auditors of the Imprest to state their Accounts; which, on the lothr March 1708, were, by the said Auditors, laid before this House: That the Petitioners found themselves aggrieved, in several respects, in their Accounts, as dated by the Auditors of the Imprest; made, in the Year 1710, their Application to this House; praying. That, as the Sums due to them were of the same Nature with the Deficiencies, the Payment thereof was by a Bill then depending, assigned on the South Sea Stock, their Payment, bout Principal and Interest, might likewise be assigned to them on the said Stock; seeing all these Deficiencies had been equally made good, and, upon pressing State Exigencies, applied by the Government to other Uses than they had been intended for: That the Petitioners, notwithstanding their earnest Solicitations, had the Misfortune not to be comprehended in the said Bill, which Wes’ passed into an Act: That the Petitioners are ready to prove several Errors in the Accounts passed by the Auditors of the Imprest: And praying this House to refer them to the Commissioners appointed for taking and stating the Debts due to the Army, that they may examine what is lawfully due to them on the Balance of their Accounts, and give in a true State thereof; to the End that the Petitioners may be paid in such Manner as shall be judged most proper and convenient.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commissioner to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining, and for Army stating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of D*bu* Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased; and for continuing the former Act undl the Tenth of March 1716; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, State, and Lifts, relating to the Half-pay Officers, and the Estimate of the extraordinary Charges relating to Dunkirk, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, be referred to the find Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That the Matter of the Privilege Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against John -tefeue Aland Esquire, was appointed to be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections last Wednes-day; but that the same was not then heard;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to to the said Committee, That they, do hear the Matter of the said Complaint upon Friday the 20th of April next.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir fVm. Oldes,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly,

lt*yal Afltnt Bills.

Message from the King-Prince of Wales's Re* galities.

Fifty New Churches.

412 23% — 24° Martii.A. 1715.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went of to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the Hoofe had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to the puUick and private Bills following;

An Act for preventing Mutiny and Desertion; and for foe better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

- An Act for appointing a ComrotiGoner for taking, examining, and dating, the Debts due to the Army, in the room of Thomas Smith Esquire, deceased; and for continuing the former Act until the Tenth Day of March 1716:

An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Athol in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke:

An Act for the Naturalization of Frederick GuUker:

An Act for naturalizing Gerard Roeters.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That he had a Message to this House, iigaed by his Majesty; and he presented it to the House:

And the same was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom die Bill for making the Laws for repairing Highways more effectual, was committed. That they had made fevers! Amendments thereunto; which they had dfreftetl him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pot' thereupon, with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Lord Mayor, and the Justices of the Peace, for the City of London, and the Commissioners erf Sewers, shall, from time to time, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, use and execute alt the Powers vetted in them respectively by an Act; and the Lord Mayor, and Justices, shall have the like Power and Authority, within their Jurisdiction, to put in Execution this Act, as any Justices of the Peace for any County or City have by virtue of this Act; excepting such Matters as are vetted in the Commissioners of Sewers by the Act *2° and 230 Carol. Ilrft;

And the Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be mad* Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrafted.

Repairing

Highways.

HIS Majesty has been pleased to direct. That Letters Patents be prepared for granting the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North and South Wales, and Cheshire, to his Royal Highnefe the Prince of Wales: But, it not being in his Majesty’s Power to grant the same in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, were usually granted to former Princes of Wales', his Majesty hopesyou will think it reasonable to enable him to make this Grant according^-

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County of , to his

Jloyal Highness the Prince of , in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldum of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Molyneux. Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General," Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Carter, Mr. Lownana Mr. Craggs, do

prepare and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 24° die Martii

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1715.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Uesolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That a Sum not exceeding 230,623 be granted to his Majesty, for the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, performed, and to be performed in the Year 1 piA

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum not exceeding 87,166/. 11 s. be granted to his Majesty, to make up the Half Pay to the Officers of the Land Forces and Marines disbanded, being his Majesty’s natural-born Sobjefts, or naturalized, full Pay for One Year, from the 26* of July 1715 to the 25th of July 1716.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of th» Committee, That a Sum not exceeding 100,146/. 1 be granted to his Majesty, for Half Pay for the Year 1716, upon Account, to the Officers of the Land Forces mid Marines disbanded, being his Majesty "s natural born Subjects, or naturalized.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding 3,311/. 16$. -ref be granted to his Majesty, to defray several extraordinary Charges relating to the Demolition, and other Charges, at Dunkirk.

The said Refotations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Supply.

Tl

r a a y e R8. Mr. Broderick reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of

MR. Farrer acquainted the House, That he was di- the Bill to enable Charles Earl of to take Sunderland*,

rested by the Commissioners appointed by Letters in England the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, Re-Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant ceiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Ma< or ce‘ to an Act of Parliament, passed in this present Session of jesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qua-Parlrament, intituled, An A 6k for making Provision for lify himself thereby for the Enjoyment of the said Office} the Ministere of the Fifty new Churches, which are to be was committed; and to whom the Petition of Henry Earl built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, of Rochester was referred: That they had examined the and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding, and finishing Allegations of the Bill; and had considered the said Pe-the Parish Church of St. Mary Wohtoth, in the said City tition; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; of London; to lay before this House a Duplicate of the which the Committee had directed him to report to the Report presented to his Majesty by the said Commission- House:; and he read the same in his Place, and offerers: And he presented the same to the House accord- wards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in ait the ingly: Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once

And the Title thereof was read. read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

The laid Duplicate is bound up with the other and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Papers of this Session. v unto by dm House.

22 Ordered,

a Geo. I.

34° — 26° Martii.

4*3

Dagenham

Breach.

Prince of

Wales*

Regalities.

forfeited

Estates.

Expedition to Canada.

.Andover

Writ.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Robert Ludga of the Parish of Saviour's, Southzeark, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, upon Notice in the Gazette about Three Months ago. That the Trustees appointed, by A fit of Parliament, for Hopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, would meet at Guildhall, to receive Proposals for stopping the said Breach, laid a Scheme, and Proposals, for that Purpose, before the said Trustees; which Scheme had been viewed and approved by some of the Ikilfulleft Men in the Kingdom; and when the Question was asked in Court by One of the Trustees, Whether the Petitioner’s Scheme would do, not One of the Trustees could say it would not: notwithstanding which, the said Trustees were pleased to prefer Captain John Ferry's Scheme; though the Petitioner proposed to do the Works for 5,000 /. leis than they agreed to allow the said Captain John Ferry; and notwithstanding the Petitioner offered to bring up the Works to Low-water mark, at his own Charge, before he touched a Peny of the publick Money: And praying, That his Scheme, and Proposals, may be referred to the Committee appointed to look into the Schemes and Proposals of Mr. Dominick Donelly, and the said Mr. Perry; not in the least doubting but the Publick, and the Petitioner, will have Justice from this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dominick Donelly is referred.

Mr. Molynettx presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales: And the same was received; and read the Eirlt time.

Resolved, That tlte Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into, and taking an Account of, all such Estates, both real and personal, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which have been, or shall be, forfeited for High Treason by any Person or Persons whatsoever, during the present Rebellion: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John Ward acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred; and to whom the Petition of John Champante Esquire is referred; to move the House, That they may be im powered to examine into the whole Affair relating to the Expedition to Canada; and that all the Papers relating to the Palatines may be laid before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine into the whole Affair relating to the Expedition to Canada.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House all Papers relating to the Palatines who were font to the West Indies.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Voi. 18.

Coinage

Duties.

electing a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the honourable James Esquire;

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Matter of the Jewel Office to his Majesty.

A Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the free Import- Importing ation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited, be ^ocbineal. 'read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to indemnity resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for ut fence the Bill to indemnify such. Persons wdio have acted in of t,overrt*

meat.

Defence of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then tike House etdjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die Martii 5

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716;

PXATERS.

ABIL L to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Burlington’* Cork to take in England the Oath of Office of qualifying. High Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darcy,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. White, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Smith fan,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Sir

Dames, Sir Harry Houghton, Mr. Trevor. Mr. London,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Addifott, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Earl, Sir John Tiruhit, Mr. Ijrwndes, Mr.

Molyneux, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Bell, Lord Comngsby, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Geo. Beau-

mont, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Wm.Gordon, Mr. Hitch, Mr.

Smith, Lord Stanhope, Colonel Graham, Mr. Herne, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mqfbn, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Cater, Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Gould, Mr. Farrer, Sir Samuel, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Hutdhefon, Mr. Diston, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Inge, Sir Robert Fumefc,

Mr. Lawson, Sir Roger Hill, Lord Carberry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the'

Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and prince of Lands now remaining in the Crown in North Wales and Wales’ South Wales, and the County of Chester, to his Royal Regftl, tie* Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to

5 N enable

4*4

%6* — 2'70 Martii.

A \ 171

enable his Royal Higness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highnefe’s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-

and Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Duties on whole Hotife, upon the Bill for charging, and continu-Malt, c. jn^ the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

said Town yearly; but with some Expence' to the Government, by Drawbacks, SCc. j but there being a private Interest to the Merchants, Petitioners for the said Bill:

And praying to be relieved, eased, and acquitted, from the aforesaid Bill, for the future; and that the same may not pass into a Law, for the Realons aforesaid, &s to this House, in their great Wisdom, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, and continue, an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King for

Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias , in

the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Vacation of Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neiv Seat by Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present "££,ePtm Pari iament for the Borough of Dunhcved, alias Launceston, ce‘ in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Esquire; to whom her late Majesty, granted the Office of Garter Principal King of Arms, after the Death of Sir Henry St. George, w ho is now dead;

Ordered, That the Letters Patents, by which the said Office is granted to the said Mr. be laid before

this House.

Martis, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prat e us.

Bridlington A PETITION of the Bailiffs, Coroners, Confer-1’iers. il vators of the Piers, Common Councilmen, Trustees of the Soeiety called Trinity-house. Matters, Owners, Part-owners, of Ships and Vessels, Inhabitants of the Corporation of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners believe, that this House is not sensible, and truly satisfied, of the many great and almost intolerable Pressures and Burthens the Navigation in general, and particularly the Coal Trade, now labours and struggles under, by reason of the great Taxes and Payments incumbent on the said Coal Trade; and that if any other Taxes or additional Inipositions, whatsoever, especially such as are or may be made appear unreasonable or unserviceable, be laid or inpoled upon the Coal Trade, they must certainly impoverish and lessen, and, in all Probability, in a ftiort time, end in the great Weakening, if not total De-struction, of the said Trade, and all its Dependencies, in which the Petitioners are so very great Sharers: The Petitioners therefore humbly crave Leave to represent, and lay before this House, some few of the many just and true Reasons and Objections they have, and will have if areasonable longer 'l'ime were given, again!! the said Bill, before it pals into a Law; and, in order to it, the Petitioners, in the First place, humbly represent to your fe-rious Consideration the aforesaid former Act, and all other the Grants, Matters, and Things, therein contained; and the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Incomes and Profits, thereof, by the said Act and Grant directly appointed and appropriated for the Uses therein contained, and what Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do now belong to the said Piers, for the Repairs thereof, or are let apart, by the former Act, and other Grants, for that Use, and the Value thereof; and also why the same are not immediately applied to such Uses, before any Application to the Government, to bring such unreasonable and unequitable Load upon the said Trade; to which, by a moderate Computation, the Petitioners will pay yearly above 120/. for the Shipping of this Town only; and that, upon the same Computation, the Town of Bridlington will not pay yearly, but a great deal leis than the I’enth Part of the aforesaid Sum; and indeed, very little; having a small Dependance on the Coal Trade: The Petitioners do own, there is a good Bay: and that there is great Quantities of Corn exported from the afore-

An ipgrossed Bill to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland Earl of to take in England the Oath of Office, as Vice Trea- Sunderland’s surer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his &c fqUQl^v" Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to ing or c*' qualify himself thereby for the Enjoyment of the said Office; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland, and Henry Earl of Rochester, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Broderick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Chetwynd acquainted the House, That the pr;iU(J, Committee, who were appointed to inquire into Abuses Tobacco-praftil’ed in the manufacturing Tobacco, had made some mnking. progress in the Examination of that Matter; and it ap-jiearing to them, that there hath been a great Fraud carried on of late, by mixing several Sorts of Leaves with Tobacco, in which one John Sheffield is chiefly concerned, they had directed him to lay the same before the House.

Ordered, That the said John Sheffield be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That they can be called over upon this Day Can of a. Fortnight. House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his circular Letters to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties, to summon the Members to attend the Service of the House upon this Day Fortnight:

Which Letters are as follows; viz.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Dukg oJ. House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Schonberg Patents to supply a Defeat in a Grant, made by his Majesty and L«i*fler’« King William the Third, unto MaynhardOuke of Schonberg Grant,

and Leinster, of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, out of the Revenue of the Poll Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Houlb will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Indemnity for Defence of Government

Prince of Wales' Regalities.

Earl of Burlington's quan tying.

Duke of Schonberg and Leinster's G^ant.

3 Geo. I. £7* — 2&° 4

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingossed Bill for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therciu limited, be now read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnity such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and for the Preservtion of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Indemnity Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indem- for Defence nify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Ma- ^>p°vern* jesty’s Person and Government* and for the Preservtion of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Broderick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Broderick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made One Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received %>on Tomorrow Fortnight.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County to

his Royal Highness the Prince of in such Manner and Form as the Principality of and Earldom of

Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Molyneuxtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Molyneuxreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° Mar tit;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

"AT R. Darcy reported from the Committee, to whom JLv I the Bill to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; was committed; That they had made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rc|)ort to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the 'whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply a Defect in a Grant, made by his Majesty King William the Third, unto MaynhardDuke of Schonberg and ster, of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid, was committed, the Amendments which they-had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Vol. 1?.

An ingossed Bill for making the Laws for repairing Repairing Highways more effectual, was read the Third time. Highways.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual; and for the better paving, and cleansing, the Streets in the City of London, and Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That the Letters Patents, Vacation by which the Office of Garter Principal King of Arms, of Seat by after the Death of Sir Henry St. George, was granted by her late Majesty to John Anjlis Esquire, have been delivered to the Clerk of the House { and are now on the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Letters Patents be now read.

The said Letters Patents were read.

And a Motion beintr made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias -cejion, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Anjlis Esquire; who, since his Election for the said "

Borough, hath accepted the Office of Garter Principal King of Arms, granted to him by her late Majesty after the Death of Sir Henry St. George, who is now dead.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Seven-

night;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, rrencL ] <53-

Tellers for the Noes,) 43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Molyneux, according to Order, reported from Prince of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ® enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now ga m*' remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The ingossed Bill for the free Importation of Cochi- Importing neal, during the Time therein limited, was, according to Cochin'"

Order, read the Thin! time.

An

4*6

8° Martii. — 90

A. 17

Adjournment

y

Papers re-

fi'edin^ the Palatines.

Stealing

Cattle.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, other Schools, for teaching , Writing, Book-

Pr. last, L. last but One, to insert " the Dominions of keeping, and Navigation; and with Salaries to several " the French King only excepted Office Bearers and Servants of the City, and to the Clerks

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, and Beadles of the Churches, &;c.: That, to prevent the agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at Ruin and Sinking of the said City, whose Inhabitants, by the Table accordingly. their Trade and Navigation, make a very great Addition

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to the publick Revenue, and bear a very large Share of be, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, da- the publick Taxes of North Britain, the Government of ring the Time therein limited. Scotland, did always judge it necessary to provide for an

Ordered, That Sir John Ward do carry the Bill to the Addition to their Revenue; and, accordingly, for Time

Lords, and deike their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Monday Seven-uight.

out of Mind, before the late Resolution, allowed the City a Tax upon their own Ale; and, ever since the Resolution, allowed them ,a Grant of One-sixth of a Peny Sterling upon the English Pottle of all Ale and Beer brewed, -and retailed, within the City; which Grant is

And the’House accordingly adjourned till Monday to terminate and expire in a very few Year's: And pray-

Pr

Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

JLwuey 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 17 if).

a y e p. $.

ing to allow a Bill to be brought in for continuing, and renewing the above Grant, in favour of the said City, to ^commence from the Termination of the former Grant, ;and to continue for the Space of Years, or for

iuoh time as to your great Wisdom shall seem meet - Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be

i/gow, and Privileges

M R‘ Secretary Stqttbope.preferred to, the XIoufe pur- , VQnded or fold within the City

111 Jua.nt to their Addrefe to his Majesty, severalPa- thereof; for the Benefit of the said cit . And that Mr

pers relating to the Palatines, who were lent to the West Campbell, Mr. Cunningham, Sir David Dalrymple, and

Mr. Haldane* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. r

Ordered, That th^laidPapers be referred to the Com- A petition of the Printers, Painters, and Stainers, of Duty on

Bridlington

l'iers.

rnittee, to wLom the Pftitiou of several Merchants trading Hangings, whose Names are thereunto subscribed

to: and refuling in, New England, in behalf of themselves, behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented and others, is referied. to the House, and *ead; setting forth, That, by the late

The bud Papers are.bound up with the other Papers for saying Duty of Ooe Peny Halfpeny per Y ard of this Seuion, Square upon the said Paper Hangings, there is no Frovi-

fiou made, as there is in the same of the Callicoes, for the

reported^ from die Committee, to whom the said Paper Hangings: whereby a great Num-

, . < her of private and inferior Workmen, who, regarding nei-

ther Justice to his Majesty, nor their own Reputation, do privately and fraudulently vend the said Manufacture, without Payment of die find Duty; which fraudulent Practices do not only under-fell those Venders of the said Manufacture, who constantly pay the said Duty, but do also considerably lessen that Branch of his Majesty’s Revenue: For the Prevention of this Evil, it is humbly proposed, That every Sheet of the said Paper, so manufactured, either in Pieces, Reams, or Quires, as well Stock in Hand as that which is to be wrought for the future, may, by proper Officers appointed for that Purpose, be stamped, under a certain Penalty to be im poled on

______ __________ _ the Maker and Vender of the said Manufacture; and

Burlington,\n the East Riding of the County of York, is that a 9ause may be inserted in some Aa of this Sessions

Paper Hang* ings.

the Bill for die more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlaw ful Killing, of Cattle, was committed, That ti>ey had made feme Amendments to the Bid; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report betaken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That it be an Instructjou to the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, and continue, an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias

Glasgow City Kevenue.

committed, That they report to the House what Lands or Estates are appropriated for repairing the said Piers; and how the Revenues of the said Lands, and likewise the Afonics granted by the said former Act, have been applied.

A Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, Dean of Gild, Deacon Conveenor, Thefanrer, and remanent Members, of the Town Council of Glas for themselves, and in the Name of the whole Societies, Incorporations, Inhabitants, and Community, of the said City, was pre-fouted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said City, and the Inhabitants thereof, are very numerous, and wholly employed in Trade, next to Edinburgh: That, nevertheless, the publick Revenue of the said City is very mean and inconsiderable, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling yearly, comnnt-rubus annis; which is no-ways suitable to answer and dil'churge the Service of the Government of the City, and annual Burthens, with which it is chargeable: That small Revenue is chargeable, and yearly burthened, with the Payment of the Stipend of Five of the City Ministers, the Salaries of the Rector, and other Matters of the Grammar Schools, and with Salaries to the Matters of *4

of Parliament, for that Purpose; whereby the said Duty will not only be preservd, and very much advanced, without any further Charge to the Government; but also the said unfair Dealers effectually prevented from under-felling, or any-ways prejudicing, the honest Dealers in the said Manufacture: And praying. That this House will either take such Alethods as are above particularly mentioned, or appoint sech other Means for preventing the said Evil, as to your great Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W Morn- Supply BUT;

ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole Duties on House, to consider further of the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716.

Malt, &c.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways a.nd Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ways and Means-

Coinage

Duties.

Duke of Schonberg and Leinster's Grant.

Earl of

Burlington's

qualifying.

Prince of

Wales'

Regalities.

Committees.

Papers respecting the Palatii.es.

a Geo. I. 90 — 10° — 11° Aprilis. 417

House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug.

An ingrafted Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply a Defect in a Grant, made by his Majesty King William the Third, unto Duke of

Schonberg and Leinjer of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, Until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply a Defect in a Grant, made by his Majesty King William the Third, unto Maynhard Duke of Schonberg and Ldnjler, of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds,

out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himselfliere in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Richard Karl of Burlington and Cork to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland; and to quality himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Mr Darcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Jkales and South Wales, and County of to

his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Ncminecontradicente, That the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North I Cales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince oil Tales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of and Earl-

dom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Prince* of ll'ales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highnefe's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneudo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Bill for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment Dtfcrtion of of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who Soldier., &c. being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for calling the °fthe House; "

Ordered, That the Call of the House he adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, accord- j^ifohairs ingto Order, a Bill to attaint George Earl of Marifchall, &c ^uain-William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of Southefque, der.

James Earl of Pamnuir, and others, of High Treason, if they render not themselves to Justice by a Day to be therein limited: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John ElvilI Esquire, was presented to the Honiton

House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election Elect‘on* of a Burgess for the Borough of Honiton, in Devon, in

theroom of Sir W'dliarnCourtney Baronet; who, being like-

wife chosen a Knight of the Shire of the said Comity, had made his Election to serve for the County; the Petitioner and Sir Wm. Pole Baronet, stood Candidates: That several corrupt and indirect Practices were made use of, in behalf of the said Sir Wm Pole, by Wm. Gill, Portreeve of the said Borough, in admitting several Persons to vote for the said Sir Wm. Pole who had no Right; and refilling other? who had a Right, and would- have voted for the Petitioner; and therefore the Petitioner ought to be returned:

And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Fideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to Papers re-the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the the

Address of this House, Copies of Papers in the Office of p aUneg-Ordnance relating to the Palatines sent to the West Indies:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trade-ing to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Martis, 1 o°;

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowt Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

MR. Cockburne, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to the Address of this House, several Papers relating to the Palatines at York;

And the Titles of them were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition cf several Merchants trade-ing to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 18.

Mercurii, n° die

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Privilege. John Enjor, as Plaintiff', hath, by Job his Attorney, brought an Action at Common Law against Edzoard Terry, a menial Servant to the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to re|>ort the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

5 O A Petition

Stockton

r&ri/b.

ftigby's

Insolvency

Info! vent Debtors.

Cornwall

-Assizes.

418

ir

A frills.

A. iq\6*

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town and Corporation of Stockton, in the County of Durham, in be-

half of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the 12th Year of the Reign other late Majesty Queen Ann, an Act passed for the making the Chapelry of , in the County of

Durham, a distinct Parish: That the said Act hath proved defective: And praying, That this House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bringin a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eden, Mr. Wrightfon Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Tho. Conyers, and Mr. Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby Knight, and Mer-. chant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath, for above Three Years, been a Prisoner for Debt in his Majesty s Prison of the Fleet', and what the Occasion hare been of his Misfortunes, in relation to the Copartnership he was concerned in at Leghorn in Italy, are so well known, that the Petitioner will not spend the Time of this House in repeating the m: That the Petitioner is willing, and desirous, to divest himself, upon obtaining his Liberty, of all he now has, or can claim, in the World, except Wearing-apparel, and Houshold-goods, to such a Value as this House shall think fit; and that the same may be, immediately upon his being at Liberty, vested in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors: That, upon another Petition of the Petitioner’s, this House were pleased, on the 18th of August lait, to order it should be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen, was committed, That they had Power to receive a Clause for Relief of the Petitioner, according to the Prayer of his said Petition: That the Petitioner finds the Committee have not fat on the said Bill: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for releasing him from his Imprisonment; and thereupon vesting all his Estate, real and personal, which he now hath, or can claim, or where to he is now intitled in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, except Wearing-apparel, and Houshold-goods, to the Value of in Trustees; and enabling them, and their

Assigns, to discover, and recover, the fame, for the Benefit of his Creditors, for or towards Satisfaction of their Debts; and for the quieting the Petitioner, and securing his Person from Imprisonment, for the future, after he is lo divested of his Estate, as to the Debts he now owes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Freman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. Herne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, re-Jblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants? Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Cornwhole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said County is near 90 Miles in Length: That his Majesty s Courts of Assizes, prius, and Goal-delivery, for the said County, have, for l'ome time past, been held and kept at the Town of Launceston, in the said County: That, the said Town of Launceston lying within Two Miles of the County of Devon, many of the Freeholders have been obliged to travel, feme Seventy Miles, and some more, to attend the Assizes; which has been very prejudicial to them; and it has been sometimes impossible to bring Witnesses thither, who are aged and infirm, to give Evidence in Tryal; and Jurymen, who are most capable to attend that Service, are unwilling,'and do very often neglect, to appear, by reason

of the great Distance from their Habitations: That the North, South, and Western, Sides of the said County are bordering on the Sea; and the Town of Launceston lick on the Borders of the Eastern Part of the said County; so most of the Gentry are commonly present at the Summer Assizes: That the Town of Bodmin being situate near the Centre of the said County, wherein is a publbk Hall, and all other Accommodations and Conveniencies for the holding the Assizes, and for such as shall resort thither; it being more for the Ease of the Gentry, and Freeholders; in general, if the said Courts be, for the future, kept at the said Town of Bodmyn: And praying, That this House will be pleased to give Leave to bringin a Bill for keeping and holding of the Court and Courts of Assizes, Nisi prius, and Goal-delivery, for the said County of -wall, at Bodmyn, in the said County.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put; That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Craggs: ]*36.

Sir Nick. Morice, Mr. Vernon: } 78.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Edgecomb, and Sir Edmund Prideaux, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put pot i* their Lordships in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the officers in Number of Officers to fit in the House of Commons. the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Cope do carry the said Met-sage.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to re- Sopply Bill; lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Duties on fider further of the Bill for charging, and continuing, the &c* Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One tl.oufand Seven hundred and Sixteen;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Printers, Painters, and Stainers, of Paper Hangings, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Cope reported, That he had, according to Delivery of Order, been at the House of Lords, and delivered the Message to Mefl'age to their Lordships. ported1*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Coinage

Duties.

4*9

a Geo. I. . 12® — 13° Aprilis.

Jovis, 12* d Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

RATERS.

Papers re-

spefting the Palatines.

Stockton

Parish.

THE House being infortned, That Mr.' Oilc of the late Commissioners for Transports, attended; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, a Book, containing Copies of Orders, Letters, &;c. to and from the Commissioners for Transports, relating to German Protestants lent to New York; and alfp to Palatines that were designed to be lent to Scilly; with an Account of the Charge thereof.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

The said Book is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish: And the same was received; and read the I'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to attaint Geo. Earl df Marijchall, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of South James Earl rnuir, and others, of High Trealott, if they render not themselves to Justice by a Day to be therein limited, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlilt themselves in his Majesty’s Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the MaU*&c Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

’ c" charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716, was committed, the Amendments which they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and A/f R- Freman presented to the House, according to then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question CYX Order, a Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of from his Imprisonment; and veil his Estate and Effects them, agreed unto by the House. in Trustees, for his Creditors; And the same w’as received;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and read the First time, ingrossed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Veneris^ 13® die Aprilis; Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716. Praters.

Cornwall Ordered, That the Charters of the Borough of Assizes. ve(jt aijas Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, whereby they claim the Privilege of having the Assizes for the County of Cornwall held at the said Borough, be laid before this House.

Indemnity Mr. Broderick, according to Order, reported, from the for Defence Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in-oKSovera- demnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the Publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions, was committed, the Amendment they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mellor and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Sunderland's, to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland, and Henry Earl of &c. qualify- Rochester, to take in Gre Britain the Oath of Office ing for Office. as y,ce Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Office; without any Amendment:

White’s And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for K*t. naturalizing CajparWhite, without any Amendment

Vol. 18.

A Petition of Lionel Cranfield Earl of Ddrfet and Middlesex was presented to the House, and read 1 setting forth,-that Charles late Earl of Dorset and Middlesex, the Petitioner's Father, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, in Writing, by him duly executed, dated the 12th July 170.5, deviled all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of England, whereof he was feifed in Fee-simple, or had any other Estate of Inheritance in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or which he had any Right or Equity to redeem, or Power to dispose of, to the late James Duke of Ormond, Charles late Lord Halifax, and the late Counted of Dorset, his then With, deceased, and their Heirs,

to several Uses, upon several Trusts, and to several Intents and Purposes, therein mentioned and declared: That the said late Lord Halifax, and Counteis of Dorset, are both dead; whereby the said Trust Estate became vested in the said late Duke of Ormond, and his Heirs, by Survivorship; and that, by the Attainder of tire laid late Duke, the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so vested in him by Survivorship, are now come to his present Majesty, his Heirs and Sucecl-lors; and the Petitioner has applied to his Majesty for. Leave to transfer the said Trust Estate to some Persons, and their Heirs, for Performance of the Trusts created bytliesaid Will of the said late Earl: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vetting the said Estate in new Trustees, and their Heirs, to the same Uses, upon the same Trusts, and to the same Intents and Purposes, as in the said Will is mentioned and declared of and concerning the same.

And Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That

Application

Earl of MarifchalPs/ &c. Attainder.

Desertion of Soldiers, 6cc.

Iniolveacy.

Earl of Dorset and Middlesex Eiiate.

Indemnity for Defence of Government

420

Application had been made to his Majesty for Leave for such a Bill; and that his Majesty had commanded him to signify his Pleasure, That, as far as he is cori&emed, he is willing such a Bill should be brought in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Desertion of Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the Soldiers, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty s Service; was committed; the Amendments the Committee made thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty "s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time. And the Bill was read accordingly.

A- Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yetis,

S’{Wr. El ford:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Broderick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice King and Mr. Justice Eyre:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regaiities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North /Vales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make l^eales of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highness’s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being acquainted, That Jonathan Esquire, a Member of this House, has been summoned by John Metcalfe and Alexander Ward Esquires, Two Justices of the Peace for the County of to appear be-

fore them to take the Oaths appointed by the late Act of Parliament; which Summons was delivered in at the Clerks Table, and read; and is as follows; viz.

To Jonathan Elford Esquire, in Red Lyon-street. WE, whose Hands and Seals are hereunto set, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, (Quorum unus) do hereby summon you per-

J9

13* — 14* Aprilis.

A. 171

[Sir Richard Sand ford, 'Mr. Western:

Tellers for the tioesfS‘r'Geo

183.

59-

Prince of Wales’ Regalities.

Privilege — Summoaing a Member to take Oaths before Justices.

Ways and Alcana.

Coinage

Lillies.

fonally to be and appear before us at the Castle Tavern

near Grays ImGate, in Holbourn, on Saturday next, being the 31st Day of March, by Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon; then and there to take the Oaths ertpressed, and appointed to be taken, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George, -intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors. Hereof fail not at your Peril.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this 28th Day of March, Anno Domini 1716.

John,

A. Ward.

Ordered, That the said John Metcalfe and Alexander Ward Esquires do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Encouragement of the Coinage in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the ILords, by Mr. Mcllor and Mr,

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duke of to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply Sc*j°.ube1^ , a Defect in a Grant, made by his Majesty King WiU'unn Grant. '* the Third, unto Maynhard Duke of Schonberg and Leinster, of the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid; w ithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 140 die Aprilis j

Anno 2" Georgii Regis, 171C.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Metcalfe and privilege — Mr. Ward attended, according to Order; Summoning

They were called in; and, at the Bar, were examined a Member t« touching the if issuing a Warrant for Mr. to come ^,f*rP*t*1*

before them, and take the Oaths: And they acknowleged, juiUc«. That they did issue a Warrant for Mr. Elford to come before them, and take the Oaths; but that they did not know he was a Member of this House until they had made a Return into the Quarter Sefiious.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace for the County of M'uldlesex do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Return made by the Justices of the Peace of the said County for the Division of St. Andrews, Hol-born, above Bars, of such Persons as have neglected, or refused, to take the Oaths, having been summoned so to do.

Mr.

frauds in Tobacco

making*

2 Geo. I. 140 Ap. 421

Mr. John Chetwynd reported from the Committee, to

whom it Mas referred to inquire into the Abuses practised in the manufacturing Tobacco, the Matter, as it appeared to them; and which they had directed him to report to the iloufe; and he read the same in his Place; which he afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

That the Committee had inquired into the said Abuses, and examined several Witnesses for that Purpose; and find the Matter to be as follows;

Edward Willis said, That he had spent much Time and Labour, in order to discover the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Manufacturing, and Selling; of Tobacco: That he knows great Quantities of Walnut-tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, and Chesnut-tree Leaves, have been gathered, upon the Fall of the Leaf, at Cashalton, in Surrey, and other Places; which Leaves have been dried, stripped, cut, and mixed with Tobacco, and many times fold for Tobacco unmixed; and that Two Persons may gather a Ton of such Leaves in a Day:

That John Sheffeild has a Work-house, or Cutting-house, at Lambeth; where he employs several Persons in

the Manufacturing of 1'uch Leaves, instead of Tobacco; of which he has fold great Quantities to divers Persons, as Sheffeild told him: That Sheffeild employed, all last Winter, Half a Dozen Men, who might easily manufacture about 20 Hundred Weight of such lham Tobacco in a Week:

That, to discover this ill Practice, he went to an Ale-house near the said Cutting-house, and sent for the said Sheffeild', but, he not being the re, Clerk, One of the Cutters, came to him; of whom he asked the lowest Prices of the several Sorts; who told him, they were sold at gd. 10 d.and 11 d. per Pound; but recommended him

to Thomas Sharpies, who was then at Work with one Mr. Horton, a Tobacconist in Queen-street, for his better Information; but neither Clark nor Sharpies shewed him any Samples: That, afterwards Willis met with Sheffeild at the Pye Bull, in Thames-street; but he produced no Samples, although he left a Note with for that Purpose; presuming that Sheffeild suspected Willis came as a Spy, in order to discover the Fraud; but yet Sheff'eild appointed another Meeting, saying, the lowest Prices of the several Sorts was 8 \d. gd. and to Pound, and asked Willis what Quantity he wanted; who answered,' 1,000 Pound Weight, if he liked the Goods, and they could agree.

That Abel Lee informing Willis, That Sheffeild told him, he had fold 10 or 11 Hundredweight of such Leaves, mixed with Tobacco, to one Burley, a Tobacconist at Shadwell Dock, at i o d.per Pound, Willis afterward went to Burley's, and asked a Woman, then in the Shop, for a Pound of ordinary Tobacco; w ho said. She had none under 12 d.per Pound , of which he bought a Pound, and w ent to a neighbouring Alehouse, where Abel Lee waited for him; and there he opened the Pound he bought at Burley's, and, comparing it with the Samples which Lee had from Sheffeild, found it to be of the same ibrt with One of the Samples:

That on Lady-day last.be was at Lambeth, and there farw the aforesaid Work-house as full as it could hold of the said Leaf cuttings; but what Quantity it might contain, he knows not:

That Sheffeild has also a Warehouse in Green lane, in Camion-street; wherein he keeps great Quantities of the said cut Leaves for Sale; which sometimes are mixed with Tobacco; whereof there is not above One-fourth Part.

Abel Lee, Tobacconist, said, That he knows the said John Sheffeild has employed several Men in gathering, and cutting, great Quantities of Walnut-tree Leaves, Chesnut Leaves, and Hop Leaves; which be fells instead of Tobacco; and sometimes mixes a final! Quantity of Tobacco with such leaves; which he fells at different Prices; and has been told, that several other Persons use the like Practices: That Lee went to Sheffeild, in Order to know the Price of the several Sorts of such manufactured Leaves, and VoL. 18.

Tobacco; telling Sheffeild, he should have Occasion for 2,000 W; and Sheffeild said, The lowest Prices were, for Hop Leaves only, 84- d. Pound; mixed with Spanish Tobacco, g\d. per Pound; and mixed with Oronoko Tobacco, 1 o d. per Pound; but Sheffeild theu shewed him no Samples: That, the next Day, he met Sheffeild again, expecting to fee Samples of the several Sorts aforesaid; but Sheffeild told him, he had not brought the Keys of his Warehouse; nor then produced any Sample; but, on Monday the 19th of March last, he met Sheffeild, and then he produced Three Samples;

One of Hop Leaves only, another mixed with Spanish, and the Third with Oronoko, Tobacco; saying. He had fold great Quantities of those Sorts to several Persons; and particularly named one Burley, living at Shadu ell Dock; who had bought 10 or 11 Hundred Weight of him, at 10 d.per Pound:

That, afterwards, Lee and went to the said

Burley's; and Willis bought a Pound of Tobacco at Burley's, which colt him 12 and, upon comparing it with One of the Samples he had from Sheffeild, found it to be of the same Sort; which Pound he produced to the Committee:

That Sheffeild has a Cutting-house at Lambeth, w here he employs several Men in the manufacturing the said Leaves; who work privately,' and convey them from thence by Night; and that, on Lady Day last, he fuw there about Four Tons of them, as near as he could guels; and produced several Samples of the said Leaf-cuttings, which he had from Sheffeild's Work-house at Lambeth.

Sheffeild has also a Warehouse in Canon-street, w here he keeps great Quantities of the said Cuttings for Sale, and there likewise he saw, some time the Week before Lady-day Nine or Ten Stands, of about or ,500* Weight each; and several Hags, which might contaiu near the like Quantity.

Fra. Palmer, of Westminster, said, That he knows great Quantities of Hop Leaves have been gathered up at Dartjord, in Kent, and Earn ham, and Walnut-tree Leaves at Cashalton, in Surry, for the Use of John Shes-Jeild, who has a Cutting-house at Lambeth, where, he manufactures the said Leaves in Likenels of Tobacco, and fells them sometimes mixed' with Tobacco, and sometimes un-mixed: That he has seen Sheffeild’s Men at Work at Lambeth; and knows all or most of them; viz. Sharpiefs, and his Brother, Clark, and and this Practice

was first begun about Three Years since:

That Walnut-tree Leaves have also been gathered up in Hyde Park, for the Use of Mr. Carter, Tobacconist, Katharine Street, and one Snell, in Spittle-Jields, as he has been told:

That he has disposed of considerable Quantities of loch manufactured Leaves, mixed with Tobacco, sometimes I, of> and 4, of Tobacco, from g\d. to 1 id. per Pound, for Mr. Sheffeild; in the Whole, amounting to about 2.5 Hundred Weight; but believes the Buyer generally knew the Tobacco was mixed with something, though they knew "hot w hat; and believes, that the same was fold for the Home Consumption; but does not know, that any was exported.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds in manufacturing Tobacco: And that Mr. John Chetzrynd, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. IJey/ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he w’ill be graciously pleased to direct the Attorney General to prosecute John Sheffeild, and others, who have been concerned in Frauds relating to the Manufacturing of Tobacco.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Simon Finch, of , in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That, after many Years Study and Experience, the Petitioner hath gained such Knowledge in Engineering, as,

5 P h«

Dagenham

Breach.

CJlufgow

City

Beveone,

Earl Maris-chal»’», Ac. Attainder*

Earl of Dorset and Middlesex's EUate.

Stockton

Parish.

422 14* — i 6° — 170 1716.

he humbly conceives, may be useful to the Publick; and, in particular, the Petitioner hath, at his own Cost, prepared a Model, which he believes, upon Examination, will be found the most effectual for flopping the Breach at Dagenham: And praying he may, for the publick Good, he admitted to lay before this House, his Model, and Pro-pofals, for flopping the said Breach.

Ordered, That the said Petition be reset red to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Daniel Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penrcs Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within tl)e City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to attaint George Earl of Marifchall, Earl of Seaforth, James

fieri of Southefque, James Earl of Pantnuir, and others,

of High Treafou, if they render not themselves to Justice by a Day to be therein limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Kir. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Aprilis \

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716,

Prat e as.

MR. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of Dorset and Middlesex, w hereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was seized, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trulls: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Panlh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eden, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Baker, Mr. Shippen, Mr.

ley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sir Fran. Leicester, Mr. Strickland, Lord Dooms, Sir Tho. Morgan, Sir Hen. Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

Mr. Wright fen, Sir Geoffry Palmer, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. rleysham, Dr Pa/k, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Heron,

Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Nick. Morice, Mr. Rmvney, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Inge, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Montague, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Yonge, Sir Wm. Thomson, Mr. Levins, Sir Arthur Kay, Lord

Wm. Powlett, Mr. Etford, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Urquart;and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Northumberland;

20

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place of the said County: And the same was eived; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

The House being informed, That Mr. Hardisty, Deputy of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return made by the Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Division of Andrew's, Hoi-horn, above Bars, of such Persons as have neglected or refused to take the Oaths; having been summoned so to do.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, be called in; and, at the Table, erase the Name of Jonathan Esquire, a Member of this House, out of the Return made by John Metcalfe, and Alexander Ward, Esquires, Two of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, of such Persons as have been (uinmoned by them to take the Oaths, and who have neglected and refused so to do.

And Mr. Hardesty was called in; and, at the Table, he eraled out the Name of the said Mr. Elford, accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to attaint George Earl of William Earl of

Seaforth, James Earl of Southefque, James Earl of Pan-muir, and others, of High Treason, if they render not themselves to Justice by a Day to be therein limited, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means Tor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti*, f 70 die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne* was presented to the House and read; letting forth, That the Coal Trade is muchdiscouraged by the great Duties payable upon Coals; and a Bill being now endeavouring to be brought in to revive, and continue^ the Act for the Repair of Bridlington Piers; and

there

Cornwall AaBze.

Privilege — Summoning a Member to take Oaths b' f*«>re Justices.

Earl Maris-chall's, kc. Attainder*

Way* and Means.

Bridlington

Pier*.

TlH^rtion of SvLlkis, &c.

Tm on pairing Sheriffs Account*.

1' emulating V *ltries.

Stealing

Cattle

Call of the Uuufe.

r

'z Geo. I. 17^ — 18° jiprilis. 423

there having been, as the Petitioners conceive, great Sums of Money already collected, and if, rightly applied, sufficient for the Repair of the said Piers: And praying. That the said Duties upon Coals, for Repairing of the said Piers, may not be continued, or any longer paid.

And the House being acquainted, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, have gone through the Bill, and directed a Report to be made to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

An ingossed Bill for the more effectual and exemplary, Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2. After " on," to insert in those Kingdoms of Great Britain and

Pr. last, L. 6. After " Religion," to insert " who,

" since the i ft Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, have been inlisted in his Majesty’s " Troops

L. 8, and 9. To leave out " at the time of " his Inlisting

L. 13. To leave out " such

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service in Great Britain or Irelandor in the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, That their Address to his Majesty, of the Ninth Day of February last, might be read, That his Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of what Fees are taken by the Officers of the Exchequer for passing Sheriffs Accounts;

The same was read accordingly:

And the House being acquainted. That his Majesty had dirtied the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to give Directions to the Officers of the Exchequer to lay the said Account before this House; and that the Lords of the Treasury had given Directions accordingly; but the said Account not being yet laid before the House;

Ordered, That the proper Officers of the Exchequer do forthwith lay before this House an Account of what Fees are taken by the said Officers for passing Sheriffs Accounts.

Mr. Molesworth presented to the House a Bill for the better regulating select Vestries within the Cities of and Westminster', Borough oi Soand Bills of Mor-

tality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was committed -t

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider. tion upon Thursday Morning next

ft

The Order of the Day being read, for calling over the House;

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18* Apr tits;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for the Attainder of George Earl of 1Marifchall, William Earl of James Earl

of Southejque, James Earl of Fanmuir, and others, of High Trealbn, if they render not themselves to Justice by a Day to he therein limited, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Netnine'contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marifchall, William Earl of James Earl

of Southefjue, James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being acquainted, That the Commissioners for the Salt Duties attended

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a particular Account of the several Allowances made on the' Exportation of Fish, and what Quantities of Salt arc used in curing- the fame, respectively; and of Frauds discovered concerning the same.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows;

A particular Account of the several Allowances made on Exportation of Fish, and what Quantities of Salt are used in curing the fame, relpefitively; and of Frauds discovered concerning the same.

For every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing 50 Gallons, there is allowed, for Drawback, 4ojh,; which is the full Duty of Six Bushels of foreign Salt; and that, computed at 84/. to the Buftiel, is alter the Rate of 72 Gallons of Salt to 50 Gallons of Fish:

We consider the Drawback, in this Article, upon the Duty of foreign Salt only; no other being proper for well curing of Pilchards for foreign Markets; and we are allured, by the general Observation of our most experienced Officers, that Two-thirds of the above-mentioned Quantity of Salt allowed, is not really used in curing the same: But we must further observe, That, in case the Traders in Pilchards shall use English Salt, a greater Advantage will yet arise by the Drawback; Forty Shillings being the Duty on twelve Bushels of English Salt, which is at Fifty-six Pounds to the Bushel, and the Fish so cured will not be fit for distant Markets; though the Law, as it now Hands, leaves the Trader at Liberty to use either.

It is also observable, that there has been a very great Increase of the Winter Fishery for Four or Five Years last pad; and that though it be known, by common Experience, that Fish will not receive lo much Salt in Curing in W inter, as it will in the Summer; yet the Law has given the same Allowance, without any Exception to the Season; which Itill makes the Drawback the more extraordinary.

For every Barrel of White Herrings there is allowed, for Drawback, Ten Shillings and Five Pence; which is more than the Duty of Three Bushels of English Salt; that being the Salt with which they are cured:

In curing a Barrel of White Herrings, a Bushel and Half of English Salt is the most that is really used:

For every Barrel of Red Herrings^ the Drawback allowed is Six Shillings and Eight Pence; which is the full Duty of two Bushels of Salt; they being

generally cured with English Salt.

In

Earl Maris-chtill's c. Attainder.

Salt used in curing Fiflu

6ftlt uffd in curing Fish.

424 18° — 190 A. 171

In the Curing of Herrings that are in part felted at Sea, when first taken, and afterwards re-salted in the Merchants Store-houses, there is a Bushel of Salt

afed to a Barrel; but lets serves for those that are salted in the Warehouses only; which is Nine Parts in Ten of what, is taken; and there is not more than Half a Bushel nfed to cure shotten Herrings; though they draw back as much as the other.

The Duty on a Bushel of Salt is Three Shillings and Fourpence; but Three Pence is abated out of it, for Dil'count on prompt Payment; and Three Pence for Waite, though there be scarce any wasted; lb that they really pay but Two Shillings and Ten Pence Bushel Duty:

For every Barrel of Salmon there is allowed, for Drawback, Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence; which is the* Duty of Two Bushels and an Half of foreign Salt:

There i3 not above Half that Quantity of foreign Salt used in curing a Barrel of Salmon; that being the Salt with which that Sort of Fish is cured.

For every Hundred of wet Cod, Fish, Ling, or Hake, w;hich shall contain in Length 24 Inches, and upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the Third Joint in the Tail of such Fish, there is allowed, for Drawback, Two Pounds Ten Shillings; which is',the full Duty of 15 Bushels of English Salt; they being generally cured with that Salt.

For every Hundred of wet Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, which shall be of the Length of 18 Inches, or more, and under the Size of 24 Inches, from the Bone in the Fin to the Third Joint in the Tail of such Fish, there is allowed, for Drawback, 1 /. 5 s;which is the full Duty of Seven Bushels and an Half of English Salt:

So that, upon a Medium; there is Eleven Bushels and a Quarter of English Salt allowed for the Curing of an Hundred of wet Cod Fish, taking one with another; whereas there is not above Five Bushels of English. Salt used in curing an Hundred of such Fish; they being generally cured promiscuously:

For every Hundred of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haberdines, there is one Moiety of the Allowance which is on wet Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, of the same Dimensions.

One Moiety of the Salt used in curing an Hundred of w et Cod Fish, will cure an Hundred of dry, of the same Dimensions:

For every Last of dried Red Sprats there is allowed Six Shillings and Eight Pence; which is the full Duty of Two Bushels of English Salt; they being generally cured with that Salt:

No more than a Quarter of a Bushel of English Salt is tiled in curing a Last of Sprats; their Method being only to sprinkle a little Salt upon them, and then hang them of to dry.

We have great Reason to believe, that there are Frauds committed in running foreign Salt; particularly upon the Coast of Cormval, whither the French Barks come from the Coast of Brittany, Guernsey, and Jersey, and supply

the Fishing Boats with Salt, in the Night; by which means, great Quantities of foreign Salt are run; and the many Creeks and Coves on that Coast make it impossible to be intirely prevented by the greatest Diligence of our Officers: Thus the Fishermen are fumished with Salt, for which no Duty has been paid, and yet receive the Drawback; there being no Proof required of them, that the Fish, flopped for Exportation, is cured with no other Salt than such for which his Majesty’s Duties have been paid, and not drawn back; except White Herrings, for which such Proof is required, upon Exportation.

Great Quantities of unmerchantable Fish are offered to our Officers: for Exportation; which they have refused; and, we are w'ell afliired, have afterwards been packed up, in the Middle of Calks, amongst good Fish, in order to pass unobserved in some other Port; which can’t be effectually prevented, unless Power be given to destroy all such bad Fish as shall be tendered for Exportation.

It is principally owing to these extraordinary Allowances

on the Exportation of the several Species of Fish before-mentioned, the Over-allowances for Waste, the running Salt from the French Coast, and the fraudulent Package of Fish, that we find fb great an Abatement on our net Produce in this Branch of the Revenue; whereby our annual Payments into the Exchequer fall so much short of the Funds for which they were given, notwithstanding the great Increase of the gross Produce; and, if these growing Evils are not reltrained by Parliament, must every Year grow left and left.

B. Mildway,

Salt Office, T. Woodcock,

13th April 1716. James Cardonnel,

Cha. Dent,

A. Ingram.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself inta a Coinage Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill to continue Dutia*. the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker relurped the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Jovis> 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, That several Officers on p*ff-of the Exchequer attended; Accoub"

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ccou?t*' House the several Accounts of the Fees taken by them for passing Sheriffs Accounts.

And then they withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts of Fees are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Stealing into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Cattle, whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing, and puaiffiing, the Stealing or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrossed.

Mr. Strickland reported, from the Committee, to whom Bridlington the Bill to revive, and continue an Act, made in the Piers-8th and 9th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of, the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, the Matter as it appeared to them, how thb Money granted by the former Act for repairing the said Piers has been applied; and Nvhat Lands or Estates are appropriated for repairing the said Piers; and also the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

Glasgow City Debts#

Privilege.

l eave of Absence.

Glasgow City Revenue.

Septennial

Parliaments.

Prince of Wales' qualifying for Office.

Earl of Burl ington’s 'qualifying.

Septennial

Parliaments.

r

1

a Geo. 1.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Report, and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an Account be laid before this House, what the Debts of the City of Glasgow were in the Year 1705* and also an Account of the Produce of the Duties granted to the said City by Two Acts of Parliament, passed in Scotland, for the Discharge of the said Debts; and also how the Money arising by the said Duties has been employed; and what the Duties of the said City now are j

It passed in the Negative.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Joseph Manucll hath lately entered upon the Freehold Estate of George Trenchard Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion ^hereupon to the House.

Ordered, That Henry Trenchard Esquire have Leave to go into the Country lor a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

425

intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments, be now read the First time.

The Bill was read the First time accordingly:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House {divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }*

Tellers for the Noes, }'*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be lead a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prince of to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment °T

of the Office of Chancellor of the- University of in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. llefolved. That the Bill he read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

190 — 200 Apriiis.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Duty of Tw'O Penies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glafgmo, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, be now read a Second time.

The Bill w as read a Second time accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Camp-beV, Sir Tho. Cross, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Lord JVm. Rowlett, Mr Wilson, Mr. Cockbourn, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Grant. Sir JVm. Gordon, Mr. Molesworth, ^Mr. Stuart, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chet-

wynd, Mr. Baring ton Shute, Mr. Treby, General Rosse, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Earl, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Mr.

Monrow, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Inge, Mr. Nevill’, and all the Members that lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tracy and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Wm. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

' Mr. Speaker,

Thex Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of (Vales to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment of the Office of Chancellor of the University of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burling and Cor Ac to take in

Englatidthe Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Vo l. 18.

V eneris, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

ABIL L for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Earl of

Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of "d, Dorset and Middlesex, w hereof James late Duke of Or- e ex

mond, at the time of his Attainder, was seised, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trusts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Northey, Lord Wm.

Powlett.Mr. Bromley, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Monro, Mr.

Hutcheson, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Western, Mr.

Ingram, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. , Mr. Freman,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Onslow, General Lumley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Warwick, Worcester, Derby, Stafford, Kent, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prince of to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to Walts'qua-qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment for of the Office of Chancellor of the University of Dublin, ce* in the Kingdom of Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Collections making more effectual an Act, of the Fourth Year of her on Briefs, late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents; and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities: And that Mr. Denton and Mr. Cowper do prepaie, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for better regulating Select Regulating Vestries within the Cities of London and IV Bo- ^eftries.

rough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; be printed.

Ordered, That Thomas Webb, Serjeant at Law, be at Ludgershall

5 Q Liberty tlea‘oa'

Morpeth

Election.

Coinage

Duties.

Privilege,

Prince of Wales' qualifying for Office.

Peculating Ve dries.

Colchester

Woollen

Manufacture.

Enfeild

Road.

4 26 20° — 2i° 4.1716.

liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in die County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Oley Douglass Esquire be at Liberty to

withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

The Order of the D$y being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A ft for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefe.r, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of in the lame

County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in tire County of Hertford, without any Amendment.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein mentioned, with an Amendment: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Mr. Denton, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 4th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Gollefting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents; and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities:

And the same was read the First time:

But, proper Blanks being not left in the Bill, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 21®

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716. Praters.

THE House being acquainted, That the Persons complained of for a Breach of Privilege committed against John Fortescue Aland Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor General, a Member of this House, by arresting his Servant John Wyburd, have submitted, and made Satisfaction to the said Mr. Fortescue for the said Offence;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaints.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment of the Office of Chancellor of the University of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was, according to Order, read

the Third time.

Rej'olved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That Mr. Molyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mellor and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving Liberty to Persons who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture. in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the Making of Bays, within the said Town, without any Amendment.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty, Reign, intituled, An

15

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive and continue, an Act made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed:

And the said Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, who were directed to examine, and report to this House, how the Money, granted by the former Act, for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, has been applied; and what Lands or Estates are appropriated for repairing the said Piers; do find. That the said former Act had Continuance for Seven Years; during which time, there was raised, by virtue of the said Act, by the Duties on Coals, the Sum of 1,665/. — and from the Lands granted by the Letters Patents of his late Majesty King James to the late Earl of Holderness, the Sun: of 1,136/. 12s. gd.-, which, together, make the Sum of 2,801 /. 13s. 7-j d.;which Sum was, as appeared by the Accounts laid before the said Committee, applied according to the Directions of the said Act: And the Committee further find, That his Majesty King James the First, by his Letters Patent bearing Date the 20th Day of tember, in the 21st Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto John then Earl of Holderness his Heirs and Assigns for ever, the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, in the County of York, with the Appurtenances, together with the Land lying within the Walls of the said Castle, containing 12 Acres, more or left, and the Moat and Ditch without the said Walls; together with the Wastes and Lands belonging to the said Site, with the Appurtenances; and the Site and Circuit of the Monastery of Bridlington, in the said County; and all Houses, Buildings, Garths, Yards, Orchards, Gardens, Land, Soil, Profits, Commodities, and Emoluments, whatsoever, with the Appurtenances, within the Site of the said late Monastery; together with the Lordship and Manor of Bridlington, and the Pasture called Hunto, with the Appurtenances in Brialington aforesaid; together with all Fairs held there, and the Tolls and Profits thereof; and the Ganuage of Ships in the Port of Bridlington, with the Appurtenances; and the Fishing in the Meere called The Great Pond, in Bridlington; and the Profits of Courts within the Lordship and Manor of Bridlington; all which, together with feme Mills excepted out of the said Grant, are recited to be, as by a Particular thereof, of the yearly Value of 152 17 5I per Annum, and to have been formerly Parcels of the Possessions of the Monastery of Bridlington, in the County aforesaid: And his said Majesty further grants all Granges, Messuages, Lands, Pastures, Wastes, Woods, Underwoods, and the Soil on which they grow, and likewise all Tythes, Small and Great, Watercourses, 8$c. Liberties, and Franchises, whatsoever, being, arising, or growing, within the Villages of Scarborough and Bridlington aforesaid, and belonging to

Importing

Cochineal.

Collectoai on Briefe.

Bridlington

Pier*.

Registering

Papists

Estates*

Forfeited

.Estates.

a Geo. I 21 — 23° 427

the said Manor, Site, S$c. or taken as Part, Parcel, or Member, thereof; and the Reverfien and Reversions, <§'c.; with Liberty to hold Courts within the Premises in as ample manner as the A bbot of Bridlington held the fame; except neverthelefe out of the Grant, all Advowsons, Rectories, and Vicarages, belonging or appertaining to the Premises; and except like wife Four Mills, Part of the Manor of Bridlington, formerly granted to Wm. Whit more

Esquire, and Eduard Sayer Gentleman; to have and to hold all and Angular the said Premises, except before excepted, to the said John Earl of his Heirs and

Assigns, to be held in free Socage as of his Majesty’s Manor of Greemcich; yielding and paying for the said Pre-mises in Scarborough ro s.yearly; and yielding for the rest of the Premises in Bridlington 152 /. 176'. 5 And the said John Earl of Holdernessdid, by the said Grant, for himself, his Heirs and Assigns, covenant and grant, with his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, That he the said Earl, his Heirs and A fsigns, should and would, from time to time, at their ow n Costs and Charges, well and sufficiently build, repair, and uphbld, the Port or Pier of Bridlingtonaforesaid, and all Walls, Jetties, Sluices, Sock-ers, and Locks, thereof, for the lafe Custody, and tetter Preservation, of all Ships, and other Vessels, which should come to the said Port or Pier; and that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from thenceforth, should be acquitted, exonerated, and indemnified, from all Expences and Costs thereon to be expended for ever.

Then the Amendments, -made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That whereas the Inhabitants of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, are at a very great and constant Charge and Expence for the repairing, maintaining, and clearing, the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Town,

without the least Aid or Contribution from any other Port or Place whatsoever; that all Ships and Vessels, English Built, and manned according to the Afit of Navigation, belonging to the said.Town of Great Yarmouth, should be free and exempt from -the said Duty of One Farthing per Chaldron on Coals, charged and made payable by this Act, towards Rebuilding or Repair of the said Piers; lb as the Mailer of every such Shiji or Vessel belonging to the said Town of Yarmouth, or feme other Mariner on his behalf, resp. Clively, should produce and shew to any Person lawfully authorized todeuiand the Duties imposed by this Act, a Certificate, made upon Oath before the Mayor of Yarmouth aforesaid (which Oath the said Mayor is hereby impowered to administer), and under the Seal of Office of Mayoralty, that such Ship or Vessel does belong to the said Town of Great Yarmouth and that the Inhabitants thereof arc Owners of the Whole, or major Part, of such Ship or Vessel:

And the said Clause w as once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

Itpaffedinthe Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jcssop presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to oblige Papists to distover* and register, their Names, and real Estates; to the end their said Estates may be charged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, pursuant to his Majesty’s gracious Condescension, in consenting, that the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion to the Gentlemen who are- to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into, and taking an Account of, Vol. 18.

all such Estates, both real and personal, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which have been, or shall be, forfeited for High Treason, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, during the present Rebellion, That they do provide therein, that the Commissioners that shall heap-pointed for executing the Powers in the said Bill be impowered to inquire into the Value of all Estates and Lands in the Possession of Popish Recusants within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion to the said Gentlemen, That they do provide in the said Bill, That the said Commissioners be impowered to inquire into the Value of all Estates and Lands given to superstitious Uses.

Ordered, That the Lord be added to the

Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein mentioned, be now taken into Consideration.

The said Amendment was accordingly read; and is as follows; viz.

L. 39. Leave out " the Dominions of the French King " only excepted

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Moreton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendmenti

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 2 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, That the Mayor of the Borough of Launceston, alias Dunheved, in the County of Cornwall, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House Two Charters of the said Borough; one granted by Edward Duke of in the 15th Year of King Edward the IVth; and the other by King Henry the Eighth, in the Sixth Year of his Reign; acquainting the House, That he had other Charters also, if there was Occasion for them.

And then he withdrew.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen of the County of Cornwall, and Parts adjacent, as well as of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, and others, of the Borough of Launceston, alias Dunheved, in the County of Cornwall, and other Boroughs in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although we cannot doubt of the Preservation of the Rights and Privileges of all his Majesty’s Suhjt fits by this House, after the happy Dissipation and Silencing the unnatural Rebellion thatlately infefted these Realms; yet, having certain Information of an Attempt intended to be made by feme particular Inhabitants of the County of Cornwall, as hath been in vain done by others formerly, to interrupt the most ancient and undoubted Franchises of others of their Neighbours, and of the Members of the ancient Corporation of Launceston in particular, by prosecuting a Bill in this House for the Removal of the Assizes of the said County from Launceston to Bodtnyn, we humbly crave Leave to lay before you their same; and feme Reasons, which we hope, may be thought worth your Consideration, for continuing the Assizes where they have always teen held: And, amongst these, we hope, that it will not be thought ihe least, that Launceston hath teen very anciently the chief Calile and Residence of the Earls and Dukes of this County; and is still the chief Barony and Honour of his Royal Highness the

Prince

Importing Cochineal*

Cornwall

Assize.

Ditto.

4^8 23° A prills.

Cornwall

Assize.

Bridlington

Piers.

Stealing Cattle.

Prince of Wales in his Duchy of to which the

most honourable Tenures belong, and to which many of the Charters of other Boroughs in the said County refer; and may be well thought to have been, therefore, endowed with that Privilege of having the Assizes: Whereas

myn was only the Town of the Prior of that Place, whose Lands are now in private Hands, and in no manner held of the Duchy: The Hall where the Judges fit, and other Houses, at Lanceston, have not long since been rebuilt, altered, and improved, by the Members of the Borough, and others, at their own Charge, to render all more convenient for the Judges, Counsel, Attornies, Jurors, and others; and ’tis supposed, that there is not any one House, either publick or private, in Bodmyn, that can entertain the Judges, and their Officers and Servants, that necefia-rily attend them in their Circuits; which is a Complaint that cannot be made at Launceston: The Judges, as well as the Counsel, that think fit to come to the Assizes, if held at Bodmyn, will be forced to travel about Miles more than they now do, and will be above 70 Miles distant from Exeter, where the Assizes arc held for Devon-,

and, by means of the Length and Badness of the Ways to

Bodmyn, the Judges, Counsel, and their Retinue, will be, at least. Three Days longer in the Circuit, and thereby, in some Vacations, when Easter happens to be early, will not have time to return to Westminster against the following Term: In the Castle of Launceston hath always been, and (till is, the common Gaol for the County, where all Criminals are to be kept until the Assizes and Gaol-delivery; and the Constable of that Castle, and not the Sheriff of the County, is charged with the safe Custody of such; and, should the Assizes be held at Bodmyn, either his Royal Highnefe, or his Deputies the Constables of the Castles, for the Time being, would be under a vast Charge, as well as Hazard of Escapes, twice every Year, in carrying and conveying the Prisoners forwards and backwards between Lanceston and Badmyn for their Tryal and Punishment; and the Keeper of the common Gaol hath no Place for their safe Custody at Bodmyn; and the Prisoners are at Lanceston maintained partly by the Donations of former Inhabitants there, and partly by the Bounty of the present; which are Advantages not to be expected at Bodmyn: And praying, That the Assizes for the said County may, according to ancient Right and Usage, and the many Charters made and granted to the Borough of Lanceston, be continued there, as the capital Town of the Duchy of Corntoall; and that the Members of the said Borough, as well as others, may be supported and protected by this House in the Enjoyment of their-ancient Rights and Privileges; and be heard, by their Counsel, before any Bill pals this House concerning the same.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for holding the Assize for the County of Cornw at a convenient Place in the said County.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to revive, and continue, an Act made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to revive, and continue, an Act made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That, for the better Discovering of such as shall ftcal Cattle, all Persons shall be obliged to fell all raw Hides and Skins in publick Markets; and shall register the Marks of such Hides and Skins;

The said Clause was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Charles Empson, of Lowden, in the County of York, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in 1713, being encouraged by the Commissioners that were appointed to take, and examine into, such Proposals as should be laid before them for improving and cultivating such Lands as were drowned by the Inundation of the River of Thames at the Breach thereof at Dagenham, in the County of Eff'ex, did, on their Promile to allow him loo/, per Annum, for his Trouble therein, at their Request, go down with some of them to view the Stoppage of the said Breach, and the Grounds adjacent: That the Petitioner, finding the said Breach, then newly flopped, to be very defective, by reason of the improper Materials used therein, and of the Want of Judgment in the Undertakers, told the Commissioners then present, That it would not hold many Days, unless such Materials as the Petitioner then directed were used to fortify , the same against the Force of the Waters: That although the Commissioners gave immediate Orders for the Materials directed, and uled great Diligence to hasten the same thither, yet they came too late; for, in Four Days after, the said Works were quite ruined, and carried off, as the Petitioner had foretold them: That the Petitioner, some time after, hearing that Engineers were at Work to flop the said Breach, went thither; and, observing their Method and Proceedings to be wrong, told them thereof; and offered to direct them therein: but they, confident in their own Skill, and being deceived in pursuing a curious Model, rejected his Advice: But the Undertaker, in about Six Weeks after, finding his Works to fail, and being convinced, that the Petitioner had made a true Judgment therein, applied to him for his Assistance and Direction; but the Petitioner, finding him not provided with proper Materials, and the Season of the Year then too far advanced, declined to intermeddle therewith at that time: That the said Works being again destroyed, and new Proposals made for flopping the same before Commissioners at Guildhall, London, the Petitioner applied himself to those Commissioners; and, finding that none of the Models proposed would answer the End, offered a Scheme of his own for effecting the Work in Half the Time, and much less Charge, than any other body had proposed; notwithstanding which, and although the Petitioner offered to make a Demonstration otthe Certainly of his Method, but being a Stranger ift , little re-

gard was had to him, the Commissioners being too much atnufed with fine Models, Engines, Plans, Sc.: And praying. That he may have Leave tt> lay before the Committee appointed by this House a Draught, or Scheme, for the l'peedy and effectual Performance of this Work; and that the Petitioner may have Leave to demonstrate the same to them; and may have such Encouragement for his Skill and Pains taken therein, and the vast Expence of Money which he shall save to the Publick thereby, according to his Performance thereof, as to this

1 O

House shall feerri most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

of Dominick Donnelly, and the other Petitions relating to the Breach at Dagenham, are referred, do make their Report to the House upon this Day Scvennight.

Ordered,

7

Dagenham

Breach*

Ditto.

Septennial

Parliaments.

Call of the House.

Septennial

Parliaments.

2 Geo. I.

4 38- — 2 40

429

Ordered, That the said Committee do report to the House the State of the said Breach; and how the same affects the Navigation of the River of Thames.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 24* die

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pray ers.

AP ET1TIO N of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough and Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That whereas, by our ancient Constitution, it has been esteemed our greatest Security to preserve our Liberties to have frequent and short Parliaments; and as we hear there is a Bill now depending in this House to prolong this Parliament: And praying, that it may not pais; but that the Triennial Act may be preserved intire in all its Parts;'Without any Alteration; that being of the greatest Consequence to secure our Liberties, Properties, and holy Religion, to us, and to our Posterity.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second reading the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments;

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burghers of the ancient Borough of Midhurst, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That whereas, by our ancient Constitution, it hath been esteemed our greatest Security to preserve our Liberties to have frequent and short Parliaments; and, as we hear, there is a Bill now depending in this House to prolong this Parliament: And praying. That it may not pals; but that the Triennial Act may be preserved intire in all its Parts, without any Alteration; that being the greatest Bulwark to secure our Liberties, Properties, and holy Religion, to us, and to our Posterity.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, no Parliament is to continue longer than three Years; and, under the Protection of that Law, which we look upon as one of our greatest and most valuable Privileges, we elected our last Members of Parliament, and thought proper to entrust them, for Three Years, as our Representatives, if his Majesty thought proper to continue them so long: That hearing a Bill is prepared, and now depending before the House of Peers, for altering the Laws now in being relating to Parliaments; and for continuing this present Parliament for a longer time: And praying to take the same into Consideration, and prevent the said Bill passing into a Law; for we cannot but look upon it as overturning out present Constitution, and an Infringement of our Liberties, by making Representatives for us for a longer Time than we entrusted them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Freemen, of the Corporation of Cambridge, was presented to tie House, and read; setting forth, That, by the ancient Constitution of this Kingdom, the frequent Calling of new Parliaments has always been uled, and esteemed a Security to the Crown, and also to the Liber-Vol. 18.

ties of the People of this Realm: That, by several Statutes, and particularly by one, made in the Reign of our late Sovereign King William thellld, it is provided, That no Parliament shall continue longer than Three Years; and hearing that a Bill i3 coming from the House of Lords to continue this Parliament for a longer time than is allowed by the said Laws: And praying, That the said Laws now in being may be continued, that the Petitioners may have frequent Qpportunities of shewing their Duty and Affection to his Majesty King George, and the happy Establishment in Church and State, by their constant Electing of Members so inclined.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Septennial

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Parliaments. Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was pre- ' fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the most valuable Privilege we enjoy is, that of being repre-fented in Parliament: lb we catmot biit be very much alarmed when any Infringement is like to be made on that Privilege: We are how lb happy as to find a Gentleman, who truly represents us as we would be represented; but, as we cannot be sure that this will always be the Cafe, and if we should ever be lb unfortunate as to mistake in our Choice, being allowed but One Representative, nothing could make that Misfortune tolerable to us, but the Comfort that he could not abuse the Trust we reposed in him for longer than Three Years: And praying, that this House will not be wanting in their Endeavours to preserve, as well to us as our Fellow Subjects, that Liberty, which alone can preserve the Freedom of Parliaments, and give them the Opportunity of laying the true Sense of the ' Kingdom before his Majesty, and of calling evil Ministers to account; and which will give us the more frequent Occasions of exerting our Zeal for the Security of the Prerogative of the Croum, and the Liberties of the Subject.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of New Castle under Line, in the County of Staff- \ ford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That whereas, by the Constitution of this Kingdom, no Parliament is to continue longer than three Years; under the Protection of wfeich Law we have chosen our Representatives, whom we thought fit to entrust for Three Years, if his Majesty should think fit to continue this Parliament so long; and having heard, that a Bill is prepared to continue this Parliament for a longer Time; we humbly hope, that no such Bill may pals; which we cannot but look upon as overturning our present Constitution, and an Infringement of our Liberties: And praying, That their Liberties and Privileges may be preserved and continued to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members House do go with the Mace into fTestminster-hall, and summoned. the Courts there, and the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and fammon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he Vvent accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Bill was read a Second time.-

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea.4 [ Hotham,

tellers for the *ea.4,jSir m Haks;

Tellers for the Noes,r Wr, B* Carew'

J 284.

| 162.

Palmer:

So if was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

5 R Resolved,

Septennial

Parliaments.

430 $4* — 2 5° Aprilis. A. 1716*

Refolded, That this iJoufe will, Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfovt Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Mercurii, 2 50 Slprilis j

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Regulating A PETITION of several of the principal Inhabitants

Vestries. of the Parish of Saviour's, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and many others, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill depending in this House, for better regulating S el eft Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of &c.; which the Petitioners humbly apprehend, and are advised, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, if the fame, as it now hands, should pals into a Law: And praying, That . they may be heard, by their Counsel, touching the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Borough of

Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons-at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; is committed: And that the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Stockton Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Parish. Bill for explaining and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish, was committed; That they had made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in the Bill, and Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout;. and then a Second time, one by one.; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, 'I hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Septennial A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, Freeholders, an-i Parliament*. Inhabitants, of the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Suffer, was presented to the House, and read; against the ingrossed Bill, from the Bills, intituled, An Act for in-larging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments; setting forth. That they look upon the said Bill as an overturning the Constitution, and an Infringement of their Liberties.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be rejected;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, { j£; PMam. } ,«7.

Tellers fortlieNoes,{J}rr;J^; J »o.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldertnen, and Burgesses, of the ancient and loyal Corporation of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there 1$ a Bill now depending for inlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliament, by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments; which if passed into a Law, this present Parliament may have a longer Continuance than for Three Years; which the Petitioners did not intend at the time they elected Members for this Parliament: We take Leave humbly to represent to this House, That the said Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments is a most effectual Part of the Constitution; since the Repeal, or Suspension, thereof, may prove of fatal Consequence to the Petitioners in particular; and to the Kingdom in general: And praying this House to take the same into their serious Consideration; and that the same Act may continue, as it is, in its full Force.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was committed; be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place in the said County, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inlarging the | Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Leave to receive a Clause to disable Persons from being chose Members of either House of Parliament, who have Pensions during Pleasure, or any Number of Years, from the Crown;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,. [ 24.

Tellers for the Noes, mriSwr

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the 'House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House was informed that there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair thereof.

The House resolved itself agaiu into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope have Leave to make a Morion; it being past Three of the Clock.

And Mr. Secretary Stanhope made a Motion accordingly;

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disable any Person to be chosen a Member of, or of fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown.

14 An

Coinage*

Duties;

Cornwall

Assize.

Septennial

Parliaments.

Di fabling Persons having Penfioiw from being Members.

Committees*

Septennial Parliaments.

Rigb/s

Insolvency.

X>itto.

U

r

2 Geo. 1 25® — 26°

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after " Member of," these Words, " either House of Parliament

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree to the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has anyPension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown: And that Mr. Secretary , Mr.

Craggs, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

yovisy 26° die Ap

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, capital and other Burgesses of the ancient Borough of Car-diffe, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King aild Queen

Mary, it was Enacted, That, after the Dissolution of that Parliament, no Parliament, for the future, should have a longer Continuance than for Three Years; and that legal Writs should, for the future, issue for calling and allem-bling anew Parliament every Three Years at the farthest; which Act has continued for about Twenty Years in full Force, and never has been attempted to be repealed, or suspended: That the Petitioners being informed, That a Bill is brought into the House of Lords, for repealing, or suspending, the said Act: And praying, That your Honours will not consent to a Repealing, or Suspension, of the said Act; which, by fb long Experience, has been found to be of the greatest Advantage and Security to the Liberties and Properties of all the Commons of Great Britain. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate in Trustees for his Creditors; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frcman, Mr. Chiswell, Mr Smith, Mr Mr. London,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Herne, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Ash, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Molcsworth, Sir Tho. Mr.

Lyddell, Sw Jonathan Cope, Sir Richard Lord Stanhope, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jejjbp, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir JVm. Mr.

Carter, Mr Monjon, Mr. Morice, Sir Sir Ij'aac Rebow, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Mr.

Bell, Mr. Minjhull, Mr. Lade, Colonel Stephens, Sir John

Ward, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gould, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cater, Sir Hen. Banbury, Mr. Smithjon, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Birch, Mr. Cook, Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Thoinj)fo7i, Sir Tho. Scawen, Mr. Conyers, Sir hurst, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Cope, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Med/ycot, Mr. Bay lie, Sir Nich.Morice, Mr. Ward, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Morton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Sir

Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Booth, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Randy U, Mr. Mason, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Tho, Johnson; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long ltobe; and all that serve for the County of Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Burrowes Draper, and George his Son, Joshua Morris Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, Vo L. IS.

i 1>

Aprilis: 4$ f

Christopher Potter Gentleman, and Phyllis his Wife, Sarah Burrowes, and Martha Burrowes, Spinsters; which said John, Elizabeth, Phyllis, Sarah, and Martha, were Brother, and Sifters, and Legatees, of George Burrowes, of London, Merchant, deceased; Creditors of the said Sir Alexander Rigby; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Alexander Rigby, of London, Knight, now a Prisoner in the Fleet, stands indebted to the Petitioners, by Bond under his Hand and Seal, dated the 24th October 1698, of the Penalty of 2,100l. conditioned for the Payment of 1,051 I. 4 on the ill of November 1699: That the said Sir is charged

in Execution in the said Prison, by virtue of a Judgment Obtained on the said Bond; but hath not paid One Peny, Principal, Interest, or Charge contrafted, or due, on the said Bond: That the Petitioners, being informed Sir Alexander is about procuring an Act to be released of his Confinement, humbly presume to lay before this House the State of their Cafe; viz.That George Burrowes, of London, Merchant, died in the Year 1693; by his last Will did leave his Effects, after his Debts, Funeral Expences, and feme small Legacies, paid, to be divided among the Petitioners, in such Manner and Proportions as in his said Will are mentioned; and appointed his Father George Burrowes foie Executor of his said Will; who duly proved the fame: That, the greatest Part of the Testator’s Effects lying in the Hands of his Partner in Italy, the said Executor did impower the said S\v to demand, and receive, the fame, on the behalf of the said Executor, in order to be divided amongst the Petitioners, according to the Purport of the said Will: That the said Sir accordingly received the said Money; for which the said Bond was given, as aforesaid, to the said Executor, for the Petitioners Use; being the Balance due, after all he demanded for his Trouble and Expences were deducted: That the said Debt was not contrafted in Trade with the ‘said Sir Alexander, whereby any Profit might have accrued to the Petitioners, but all Money paid into his Hands: That the said Sir Alexander, about 17 Years ago, and soon after he entered into the said Bond, failed; and hath had all this time to pay such of his Creditors as he pleased, and to spend, dispose of, or intricate, his Estate, at his Pleasure; and now pretends to surrender up his Estate to his Creditors: That the Principal, and Interest due on the said Bond, amounts to a large Sum, and is a great Part of the Petitioners Substance: And praying this House to take their same into Consideration; and to afford them such Relief therein, as to your Honours shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Discharge of Sir Alexander Rigby shall not be a Discharge of any one that was a Partner in Trade with him; nor of any one that is bound jointly with him for any Debt; any further than the Creditors shall receive Satisfaction out of the said Sir Alexander Rigby's Estate.

A Petition of the poor and distrelfed Prisoners in the City Gaol of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and all others in the several Gaols of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whereas, may it please your Honours not to forget your Compas-fionto be extended to us, and all poor insolvent Debtors, who have not wherewith to satisfy, but are willing to part with all we have for our Liberty: We implore your Honours to take into your deliberate Consideration the poor Prisoners, who endured such Hardships by the Severity of the last Winter, wherein several had neither Meat nor Fuel: And praying their Releasement from the Hardships they have endured.

Ordered, That the said Petition to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Edward Nonis Esquire have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. t

Ordered,

Debtors Petition.

Leave of Absence.

432 26° — '27

leave of Ordered', That the honourable Henry Bertie Esquire

Absence. "have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Septennial . A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Common-Parliaments. alty, of the ancient Borough of , in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; against the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inlftrging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Regulating Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Vestries. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be railed1, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Aprilis* A. 1716.

Mr. John Chetwynd presented to the House, according Frauds in

to Order, a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manufactur- 'lobacco-ing leaves, or other things, to referable Tobacco: And mH U’s' the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Farl of the Bill for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of and Estate*

M'uldlesex, whereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was seised, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trusts, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the said Amendments' were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Septennial The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parliaments, for inlarging the Time for Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments, was read a Third time: '

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle., for ft. . } 4-

Tellers for the NoeS|^d,^% . }*<.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 Apr ilis;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

I i<temni»y for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act iJetence of to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of Government. Majesty’s person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions, without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stotkton An ingrossed Bill for explaining, and making more

l'ariih. effectual, An Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That John Campbell, Merchant, have Leave Etliuburgh to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- Fledion. tion and Return for the City of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition;

Mr. Denton presented to the House, a Bill for making Collection* more effectual an Act, of the Fourth Year of her late on Brief*. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents; and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to planting of encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Fruit-trees, and Timber other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit, and for ’Frees, better Preservation of the fame: And that the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Neville, and Mr. John Chetwynd, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Cornwall reading the Bill for holding the Assize for the County of A Hire. CormcaU at a convenient Place in the said County; and also for hearing Counsel against the said Bill;

The Counsel were called in:

And the Bill, and the Petition against the fame, were read:

And the Counsel were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} NS-

Tellers for the Noesj j «7

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Coinage Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Duties, the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was committed;

a Geo. I.

47° — 28° — 36° Aprilis.

433

Committee*.

Ordered, That the faitl Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned*

And then the House adjourned till To-morirow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Earl of Dorset and Middlesex'* Estate.

ltegutaling

Hackney

Coachmen.

Sabbati, 2 8*;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pr a ye n s.

AN ingrossed Bill for veiling several Manors, Mef1-fuages, Lands and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of Dorset and Middlesex, whereof James late Duke

of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was seised, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in hew Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trulls, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of , and Middlesex, whereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was foiled, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trusts.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord William Poxclet reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Eight hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once

Report be received upon Year 1710; and for recovering Monies of several Land

Taxes resting in the Hands of Collectors, or Constables, at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Soap; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life, or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes, and other things therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Luna, 30° dieA \

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

P RAYfe RS.

AN ingrossed Bill for better regulating Hackney Regulating Coaches, Carts, Drays, Cars, and Waggons, within Hackney the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly oac mwu Bills of Mortality, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That it may be lawful for the Alderman of every Ward of the said City of London, within his Ward, and every Juliice of Peace, within his Jurisdiction, in the said Cities and Counties, to inflict the like Penalties, and to levy the same, in the same manner, for any Offence or Offences, contrary to this Act, within any the Places aforesaid, as the Commissioners in the Bill mentioned have Power to inflict and levy upon such Offenders, as afqre-said; provided that no Person be punished twice for the same Offence:

And the said Rider was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the hill.

Refolred. That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; be, An Act for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Carts, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an

Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Supply Bill 1

l>uties oq Mult, See.

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, for making Allowances to Receivers for the Charge of fending up their Money: But the same was waved.

Drays, Cars, and Waggons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Drays, Gars, and Waggons.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Daniel Campbell reported from the Committee, to GlasgowCity whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Rev«nu«. Scots, or One sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within

infer t " Sep-

De-

The Amendments following were severally proposed to the City of and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 4th Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cawper, Mr. Yonge, Mr. John Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

A Mr. Godfrey, Sir John Cope, Mr. Archer, Lord CMr. Mr. Denton, Mr. Eden, Mr. Walter Chetxcynd, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. D'ath, Mr. Treby, Mr. D'Gray, Mr. Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Wm. Chetxcynd, Mr. Sir Jonathan Cope, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Sir Richard Mr. Snell, Sir

Isaac Rebow, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Secretary

5 S

be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 16. After " Houses," to add " pay to her Majesty :"

Pr. 4. L. 12. To leave out " Fourth," and " Ninth;" and to leave out " June," and iufert ‘

" tember:

L. 16. After, "taken," to insert "or his puty:"

L. 30. After " Auditor," to insert " or his De-

" puty:"

L. 33. To leave out " Fourth," and insert " Ninth;" and to leave out " June," and insert "

" tember;"

Pr. 7, L. 17. After "forfeit," to insert "his Place:" And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 171b; and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, burnt or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act for the Service of the Vol. 18.

Col legions on Briefs*

434 3°* Aprilis. — i* — a® Mali. A. 1716.

"Stanhope, Mr. Recorder, Lord JVm. Sir 7

John (on, Mr. Molt ('worth, Mr. Butler, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Net 'ill, Mr. lizard, Mr. Cater, Lord Sir

Robert Fumcfe, Mr. John Mr. Churchill, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Uillerfden: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Coinage The Order of the Day being read, for the receiving Duties, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was committed;

Ordered That the said Report be received upon Morning next

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the House io

V eiiries, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Borough of

Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Stuns as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to hear such of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark as shall desire to be beard, for the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Molesworthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Molcsworth reported from the Committee, That

they had heard the Counsel for such of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St.Saviour's, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as had petitioned to be heard, against the Bill; and also had heard such of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Southwark, as attended, and desired to be heard, for the said Bill; and that the Committee had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Dagenham The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Breach. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of j Dominick Donnelly, anti other Petitioners, relating to the

Breach at Dagenham was referred; and also of the State of the said Breach; and how the same affects the Navigation of the River of Thames;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manufacturing Leaves Frauds or other things, to resemble Tobacco, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Adulterating of Snufi.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Glasgow City Penies S'co/s, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Revenue, Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, ac- Securing the cording to Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Hl* 110 Scotland: And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cornwell Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for hold- Affix*, ing the Assize for the County of Cornwall as a convenient Place in the said County.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. llornl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Maii;

Leave of

Absence.

Planting of

Timber

Trees.

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prater.3.

f\RDERED, That Richard Hopton Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Six WeekSj. upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Conmgsby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit; and for better Preservation of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Or-Muouaarei. der, a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Mercurii, i° die Maii \

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Captain Christopher Billop and Rigby’* Anthony Forty, Gentlemen, was presented to the Insolvency. House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill now depending in this House, which has been twice read, and committed, to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Elfefts in Trustees, for his Creditors: That the said Sir Alexander Rigby, being severally indebted to the Petitioners, did give the Petitioner Christopher Billop a Judgment for 3,000l.; which was entered up in the Court of Common Pleas in February 1698; and to the Petitioner Anthony Forty, another Judgment for 1,300 /.; which was likewise entered up in the said Court in February 1698, with a Release of Errors thereupon: That, on the 15th May 1700, the said Sir Alexander did mortgage his Kltate, subject to a prior Mortgage, to the Petitioners; and, by a Deed, bearing Date the 2(ith April 1706, put the Petitioners in Possession of a Part of the Premises; who have quietly enjoyed the same ever since:

That the Bill now depending in this House will, as the

Petitioners

a Geo. I. i® Man.

Petitioners are advised, greatly prejudice theft, in case the same should pass into a Law: And praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, what they have to object against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Fffnte and Effects in Trustees, for his Creditors; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, befofe the said Committee, by themselves, or Counsel, thereupon, if they think fit.

Privilege. The House being acquainted. That Joseph

complained of for a Breach of Privilege committed against George Trenchard Esquire, a-Member of this House, for

entering upon his Freehold, hath submitted, and made Satisfaction to the said Mr. Trenchard for the said Offence;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Election be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Registering A Bill to oblige Papists to discover, and register, their Papiiis Names, and real Estates; to the end their' said Estates <u«s. may c^arged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom; pursuant to his Majesty £ gracious Condcfcension, in consenting, That the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose: w as read a Second time.

Jte/olred, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Privilege of The House being moved, That the Act of the 12th Parliament, and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for preventing any inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, mipht be read;

l he same w as read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. ’Mr.Ycnge, Mr Heysham, Mr. Broderick, Mr

and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the

feme.

Privilege. Mr. Hampden reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege committed against the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, a Member of this House, by John Ensor and Job Beardsly, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the said Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follows; viz.

That the Committee examined the Matter of the said Complaint; and heard Counsel, and Witnesses, on both Sides, thereupon:

That it appeared to the Committee, That John , as Plaintiff, did, at the last Assizes for the County wick, by Job Beardsley his Attorney, bring on to Tryal an ACtton of Trespass against Edward Terry, a menial Servant to the Lord Coningsby.

Edward Terry, being called, said, That there had been, to his Knowlege, great Waite and S|>oil committed upon the Lord Coningsby s Woods and Grounds, at Aldcot, in

Warwickfnre', and that he was, upon the 5th Day of September last, hired by Mr. Thomas Harris, his Lordship’s Chief Steward, to be his Lordship’s Bailiff, to look after thofeWoods and Grounds, and prevent such Waste and Spoil for the future, and give Notice thereof: That thereupon he did, on the Tenth Day of the same Vo 1.18.

her, acquaint the Tenants and Townfinen of where he lives, with his having been lb hired into his Lordship’s Service: That the like Notice thereof, pursuant to a Letter from Mr. Harris, was also given to them; and particularly to the said Plaintiff Ensor, and to Beardsley his Attorney; and that, upon such Notice, they both treated his Lordship with very abusive Language, and spoke of his Lordship’s Privilege with great Contempt; Ensor expressing himself to tills Purpose; viz. That the Lord Coningsby was a Rogue, and a Rascal; and many an honester Man would be hanged; that he hoped the Times would change between that and Christ-rnas; and then his Lordship w ould be no more than a Boy to dry Shoes; and Beardsley expressed himself to this Purpose: viz.That he did not value any Steward, Bailiff, or other Servant, of the Lord Coningsby; that his Lordlliip was a very Rogue, and many ah honester Man was hanged; and that they would cut down the Woods at Aldcot, and, with the Money, Law with his Lordlliip for them: And Beardsley added, That he would make Terry quit the Town; and threatened to ruin him with Actions at Law, at every Assize, if he continued in his Lordship’s Service: And that he did afterwards, at another time, viz.about Michaelmas last, at Tamcorth, acquaint Beardsley with his Privilege, as Lord Conihgaby’s Servant; to which Beardsley answ ered, He did not value any Privilege which any Servant of his Lordship had: And that Beardsley was again acquainted, in open Court, by Mr. Harris, and by Terry's Counsel, at the Tryal, before the Verdict w as brought in That his Lordship did insist upon his Privilege.

HumfryWoodcock said, He was present at Tamrcorth, about Michaelmas last, when Terry acquainted Beardsley with his being a hired Servant to the Lord Coningsby, td look after his Lordship’s Woods: To which BeardjleJ answered, That lie w ould go on with the Law against him notwithstanding.

Mr. Tho. Collins said rHe was present at the Tryals of Two Actions against Terry, at the last Warwick Assize: one of which was the Action belore mentioned, wherein Ensor was Plaintiff; and that, before either Cause came on, both the Counsel and Solicitor for Teny acquainted Beardsley, the Plaintiff Ensor $ At;orney, That the Defendant Terry was privileged, and protected by the Lord Coningsby; and that, if he proceeded, he must expect td bear of it in the House of Commons: To which Beardsley made a slighting Answer; saying, That he did not value the Lord Coningsby, or to that EfflCt; and then brought on the other Cause first j and, after that this of s. That, on behalf of the Parties complained against, it appeared, by the Evidence of Mr. Wm. Robinson, and Humfry Webb, That this, and the other^ Action, tried against Terry, at the last Warwick Assize, had depended above a Year; and had been several times entered for Tryal, but were put off upon a Reference; which coming to nothing, the Defendant, and his Attorney, without mentioning any thing of Privilege, gave Notice to the Plaintiff, and his Attorney, That, if the Plaintiff would not proceed, the Defendant w'ould bring on the Cause by Provilb.

Fisher Littleton and Edward Taylor Esquires, being called to the Reputation of Terry, gave him an ill Character, in general Terms; and spoke of him as a Person not credited in the Country where he lives, and unfit to be employed by the Lord Coningsby, or any one else:

And Mr. Taylor added, That he was present at the Tryal, and remembered it was then said by Terry's Counsel, That the Lord Coningsby would protect Terry; but did not remember it was laid, That lie was then actually protected.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Ensor, having, as Plaintiff, prosecuted an Action at Common Law’, at the last Assize holdeti for the County of Warwick, against Edward Terry, a menial Servant to the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, a

Member

Cornwall

Assize.

Trial* for Treason.

Frauds in

Tobacco-making.

Conduct of Serjeant at Arm*.

436 2? — 30 — £ Mail. A. 1716*

Member of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Prb vilegc of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Job Beardsley, having prosecuted the said Action, as

Attorney for the Plaintiff, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said John En for be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Job Bcardjley be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bond, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place in the said County, was committed, the Amendments they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the Houseto the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be. made to the Bill, Fol. 2. L. 3. After " whereof," to insert " and to the " end that the Assizes for the said County may Be held " either at Launceston, or at any other convenient Place " within the said County

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing of Counsel to all Persons who shall be proceeded against in Parliament, for any Crimes of Treason, or Misprision of Treason: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read.

The Bill was accordingly read the First time:

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the Second reading the said Bill;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manufacturing Leaves, or other things, to resemble Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis., 30 die Mail;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716. Fkayirs.

A COM PLAINT being made to the House, That Robert Parker, and Mr. William Waller, who were committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms at-»7

tending this House, and were taken into custody accordingly, have, by the too great Liberty they have had, made their Escape;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Causes of the unolual Liberty that has been allowed, of late, to Persons committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; whereby they have had Opportunity to make their Escape out of Custody; And that they do examine the Matter of Fast: and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmley, Sir,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Jessop, Mr Mr. Gibbons, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Farrer, Lord Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Def-boxety, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Sir Char.Hotham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ash, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Morton, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Ey/es, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Lee, General Erie, Sir Step. Leonard, Mr. Butler, Sir John Norris, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Mason, Mr. Drake, Mr. Allanfbn, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Grant, Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr. Papillon, Mr. , Mr. Hunger ford,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bellamy, General Wade, Sir Tho. Read: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the better regulating Select Veliries within the City of London and Westminster, Borough of -work, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor;

A Petition of Ralph Harwood, John Scott, and Beitja-min Coker, in behalf of themselves, and many others of the Cow-keepers, residing in several Parishes and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by the late Mortality among Cattle, sustained very great Losses, almost to their utter Ruin; and, if it had not been for his Majesty’s great Bounty and Clemency, they had not been able to follow their Employments: That the Petitioners are likely to be aggrieved by feme Clauses in a Bill, now depending, for better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Sou tine ark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; and particularly by a Clause, which obliges the new Vestries to tax by a Pound Rate lor Relief of die Poor; and if the said Bill should pass, as it is now drawn, it will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners; they paying very great Rents, without any Allowance from their Landlords for parochial Taxes: And praying to permit them to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, what they have to offer against the said Bill; or otherwise to relieve them, as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy4* Maii;

Anno 20 Georgii Regis, 1711).

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of Job Beardsley, Attorney at Law, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House,

for

Recmlati ig Vestritf*

Privifagr — a Perlwii ib crftoiiy petition* for

Cornwall

Assize.

Coinage

Duties.

Planting of 'l imber Trees.

Woollen Manufactures.

Ditto.

2 Geo. I. 4° Matt. 43 7

for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against the Right honourable the Lord Coa Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by an Order of this House, the Petitioner is committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for prosecuting an Action of Common Law, the last Assizes held for the County of Warwicwherein John was Plaintiff', against Edward a menial Servant to

the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, a Member of this House: That the Petitioner is truly ferry for having incurred the Displeasure of this House, in prosecuting the said Action; and humbly begs your Honours Pardon for' the fame: That, it being Term-time, the Confinement of the Petitioner will be very prejudicial not only to himself, but also to his Clients: And praying, that this House will be pleased to discharge him out of Custody, according to your wonted Clemency and Goodness.

Ordered, That the said Job Beardsley be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

An ingrossed Bill for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place in the said County, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Money granted:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, and Profit i and for better Preservation of the same j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Coningsby, Sir Fisher Tench, Mr. Farrer, Sir Tho. Mr.

Nevill, Mr . DtlavaU, Mr. Comptroller, Lord

Mr. Bond, Mr. Bere, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Benson, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Roll, Mr. Broderick, Mr.

Sir Edward Ernly, Sir Step. Leonard, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Jo. Rogers, Colonel Morton, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Phil. Parker, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Barington Shute, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. London, Sir Tho. Wheat, Sir Robert Dover s, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Archer, Sir Gilbert Heathcote: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Deputies of the States of the Islands

Vol. 18.

of Jersey and Guernsey, in behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, and of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Alderney and Sark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the chief Subsistence of the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of the said Islands consists in the Manufacturing of Wool, transported thither from England, under the Restrictions of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Islands; without which Manufacture they could not subsist there: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in this House, for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures; wherein are contained divers Clauses, impracticable and impossible to be put in Execution in the said Islands, without the utter Ruin of the Inhabitants thereof; who have, on all Occasions, distinguillied themselves, by their steady Zeal, and inviolable Fidelity, for the Protestant Succession, in Times of the most imminent Danger: And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the Islands aforesaid, in such manner as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Earl of Dorset and whereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was seised, as surviving Trustee, named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trusts, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716; and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act for the Service of the Year 1710; and for recovering Monies of several Land Taxes resting in the Hands of Collectors, or Constables at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Soap; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life, or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes, and other things therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of Geo. Earl of Marischal, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of SouthefqJames Earl of Pan-

muir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to JuSice by a Day certain, therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Minshull, according to Order, reported fi*om the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dominick Donelly, and other Petitions, relating to the Breach at Dagenham, were referred; and also the State of the said Breach; and how the same affects the Navigation of the River of Thames; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which ho read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

5 T Ordered

Stockton

Parish.

Earl of Dorset and Middlesex'* Estate.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, fcc.

Earl of Ma-rischal’Sj&c. Attainder,

Dagenham

Breach.

43 8 4° — 5° — 7* Maii. A. 1716.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 50 die Man;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Privilege — |h /iR. Job Beardsley was, according to Order, brought a Person re- XVII to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received and'dif-6 a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out charged. of Custody, paying his Fees,

Woollen Ma- Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, nufariures. Upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures is committed.

Frauds in Tobaccomaking.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manufacturing Leaves, or other things, to resemble Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Chetwynd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Chetwynd reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 70 die Maii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Committee /ORDERED, That the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges. Elections be discharged from hearing any more Causes, during this Session of Parliament, touching controverted Elections, after the Matter of the Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns for the Boroughs of ton, in the County of York, and Reading, in the County of Berks, are heard.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition complaining of an undue Election for the said Borough of Reading, upon this Day Sevennight.

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Veitries. resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to con-

fider further of the Bill for the better regulating Select Vellries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor;

And the House being acquainted. That several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark desired to be heard before the said Committee, in relation to the Manner of obtaining the Petition which had been presented to the House against the said Bill; and which was referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to-the, said Committee, That they do hear such of the said Inhabitants as shall desire to be heard touching the Manner of obtaining the said Petition.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Molesworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Molesworth reported from the Committee, That they had, according to Order, heard such of the said Inhabitants as attended; and had directed him to move,

That they may have Leave to fit again,

Refoboed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. John Chetwynd, according to Order, reported Frauds in from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Tobacco- Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manufacturing Leaves, or ma IDg* other things, to resemble Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the said Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a. Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Fol. 1.' L. 16. After " Plants," to inlert " or any Part " thereof:"

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Royal Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to ®dls.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt,;Murn, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716; and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act for the Service of the Year 1710: and for recovering Monies of several Land Taxes retting in the Hands of Collectors, or Constables, at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Soap; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life, or Lives, to demand the Payment thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes, and other things therein mentioned:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales, and Earldom of Chester, have formerly been granted to the Prince of Wales', and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highness’s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same:

An Act for inlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act, made in- the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled,

An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments:

An Act to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Defence of his Majesty s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions:

25 'An

a Geo. I. 70 — g°_

Royal Assent An Act for the Attainder ef Earl of to Bills. William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice by a Day certain, therein mentioned:

An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patents to supply a Defect in a Grant, made by his Majesty King William the Third, unto Duke of

and Leinster, of the annual Sum of 4,0001, out of the Revenues of the Post Office, until the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be paid:

An Act for giving Liberty to Persons, who have served their Apprentfceships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the making Bays, within the said Town:

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the tath Year of Iter late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish of St.

Shoreditch, in the County of to the further-

most Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of in die

County of Hertford:

An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to quality himself in Great Britain for the legal Enjoyment of the Office of Chancellor of the University of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland:

An Act to enable Charles Earl of Sunderland, and Henry Earl of Rochester, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Payinafter General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Office:

An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland; and to qualify himself here in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office:

An Act for vesting several Manors, Messuag s, Lands, and Hereditaments, late of Charles Ear 1 of Dorset and Middlesex, whereof James late Duke of Ormond, at the time of his Attainder, was foiled, as surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Earl, in new Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the same Trul'ts:

An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign other late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish:

An Act for naturalizing Caspar White.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mali.

The Oder of the Day being read, for the House to Registering relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 1>a!’ifts the Bill to oblige Papists to discover and register their t4tate9-Names, and real Estates; to the End their laid Estates may be charged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, pursuant to his Majesty’s gracious Condescension, in consenting, that the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent any Inconveniences that may happen to Protestant Landlords.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.. Jefj'of took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Je/fop reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Dagenham take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, Breach, to whom the Petitions of Dominick Donelly, and other Petitioners, relating to the Breach at Dagenham, were referred; and also the State of the said Breach; and how the same affects the Navigation of the River of Thames-,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, the First Business.

Ordered, That the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Mail;

Anno 20 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the House to W-jollen resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufuc-upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Wool- tures‘ len Manufactures;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do then attend the said Committee.

Frauds in Tobacco* making.

Mart is, 8° die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prate rs.

A N ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of manu-/"V fasturing Leaves, or other things, to resemble Tobacco, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. L. To leave out " or with any other pernicious or unwholsome Ingredients: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves, or other things, to resemble Tobacco; and the Abuses in Making and Mixing of Snuff.

Ordered, That Mr. John Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 18.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Regulating Committee of the whole House, to confided further of the Veflnes. Bill for better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Molesworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Molesworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ? which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel John Armstrong do attend this House Tommorrow’ Morning.

Ordered,

440 0° — io A. 171

Ordered, That Mr. William do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Freame, Peter Barker, Thomas Thompjbn, John Cockerill, Ralph White, Richard Woolf e, William Clarke, Christopher Yeoman, Thomas Cockerill, William Reed, John Noble, John Burwood, Joseph Kell, and James Ranells, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Brigadier General Richards do attend tills House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ac favorth, Surveyor of the Navy, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° Matt;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

P HATERS.

Laws against A/TR* Molyneux presented to the House, according to

Papist#. IVX Order, a Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists: and the same was received; and read the First time:

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rigby’s Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, to whom the Insolvency. Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Effects in Trustees, for his Creditors; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and heard the Petitioners upon the Petitions referred to the said Committee; and that several of the Creditors of Sir Alexander Rigby, viz. Capell Wall, in behalfof William Raphfon, Mr. and Mr.

Johnson, and Mr. Morice, on behalf of John Burr owes, and others the said Petitioners, did not content to the Bill, unless they could be certainly secured Half a Crown in the Pound for their Debts; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ditto. A Petition of Sir Clement Cotterell Knight, and John Dormer Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Creditors of Sir Alexander Rigby Knight, for a great Sum of Money due to them on Mortgages of his real Estate in the County Palatine of Lancaster, made above 30 Years since: That a Bill is now depending to discharge the said Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and to vest his Estate, and EffeCfcs, in Trustees, for his Creditors; which Bill, as the Petitioners are advised, may affect the Petitioner’s said Securities: And praying, That a Clause may be added to the said Bill, to save to the Petitioners their respective Rights in the mortgaged Premises; so that the Petitioners may be paid the Monies due to them on their laid Securities, preferable to the other Creditors of the said Sir Alexander Rigby, to whom they are prior.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate, and Effeos, in Trustees, for Ids Creditors; was committed; be taken into Consideration.

Forfeited Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to

Estate*. Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Publick: And the same was received; and read the -first time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Ensor, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege "

committed against the Right honourable the Lord Co- ti"ng forpe ' ningsby, a Member of this House, was presented to the Difch&rge. House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Order of this House, the Petitioner is committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for prosecuting an Action at Common Law, the last Assizes held for the County of Warwick, wherein the Petitioner was Plaintiff, against Edward Terry, a menial Servant to the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby, a Member of this House: That the Pe-

titioner is truly sorry for having incurred the Displeasure of this House in prosecuting the said Action, and for the false, scandalous, and reflecting Expressions, which he used against the said Lord Coningsby; and humbly begs your Honours Pardon for the fame: And praying, That this House will be pleased to discharge him out of Custody, according to your wonted Clemency and Goodness.

Ordered, That the said John Ensor be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Dagenham into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Breach, whom the Petitions of Dominique Donnelly, and other Petitioners, relating to the Breach at Dagenham, were referred; and also the State of the said Breach; and how the same affects the Navigation of the River of Thames:

And the said Report, and Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioner had lpent above Two Months in surveying, and taking a Plan of, the Breach, and the Levels overflowed thereby; and contrived Models of the Machines he proposed to make use of in flopping the fame; and, before any conclusive Agreement was made with Boswell, he delivered in his Proposal to the Trustees,

for perfecting the same for 15,000 I. as appears by their Journal; and, for his Trouble and Diligence, the Thanks of the Board were given him by the Lord Mayor, then in the Chair; and that he did assign Reasons to why his Scheme could not succeed, about the ti ^e the Agreement was made with Boswell for 16,300l.:

That, after Boswell's Works blew up, the Petitioner again delivered in his 2d Proposal: Mr. acquaint-

ed him, That the Trustees gave him then Two Days only to get his Security: But it appears, on Colonel Coole's Application to the Board, and by the Trustees Journal, he Had longer Time allowed him:

That, on the 26th January, which was the Day appointed to examine and view Proposers Schemes, be attended at Guild-hall-, and like wife brought his Plan and Models, to remove all Objections; and endeavoured to be called in; but was not; neither was his Scheme examined.

Mr. Walker, Door-keeper to the Trustees, said, Mr.

Donnelly was lboner there that Day than ordinary; but did not speak to him to be called in.

The Reverend Mr. Defaguliers affirmed, That, on the same Day, he was with the Petitioner at Guild-hall; and that he had told him, upon his asking what Care he had taken to be called in That he had spoke to the Doorkeeper; and that he should be called in.

Martin Connor and Isaac Jones affirmed. That they heard Mr. Donnelly speak to the Door-keeper; and that he answered, He need not fear but that he should be called in of course.

Colonel Coote said. He believed there was a good deal of Artifice used to hinder Donnelly, and his, having any Notice of the said Meeting of the Committee: That he always observed Mr. Donnelly very desirous to have his Scheme examined; and proposed Colonel Richards and Colonel Armstrong to the Trustees, as proper Persons to judge of

Schemes;

i o° Mail

2 Geo. I.

44*

Schemes; yet, notwithstanding this, he was not appointed of the Committee: That he came about Two a Clock on the Day appointed to examine Schemes; and, finding Donnelly nad not been called in, insisted, that he had a Right to be examined on the foot of the Act of Parliament: It was answered, The Engineers, to whom the Matter flood referred, were gone, and, without them, they could not take upon them to consider Schemes: So Mr. Donnelly was not called in, nor his Scheme, in a publick manner, examined.

Mr. Le Gross said, That he gave Mr. Walker a Letter, pursuanl to Mr. Donnelly's Directions.

Mr. Walker owns the Receipt thereof; and that he put it into the Peny Post.

Colonel Armstrong said, That Captain Perry proposed to stop the Breach by Dovetail Piles: That he had seen all the Schemes, and was of Opinion, that Captain Perrys was the most practicable; that, if it could not be done by Dovetail Piles, it could not be done at all; but, if you fire for stopping the Breach that Way, you will have it to patch and mend for ever; but, by railing a Wall, or Bank, so high as to let the Water flow gently and gradually through the Creek, the Breach w ill never affect the Navigation; and the same Sum that is offered for one, will do the other: But said, He made no such Proposal to the Trustees, being never asked.

Brigadier Richards affirmed, That Perry's Scheme did appear to him to be the most practicable.

Mr. Ach-.worthsaid, That nothing appeared to him

more practicable than Perry's Scheme: That he had not seen Donnellys, but as it lay upon the Table as he came in; but saw enough of it to know it would not do.

Captain Perry said, He had brought his Scheme, and Description of his Method, for flopping the Breach; and was ready to shew, and explain, his Reasons, in Writing, after what true and effectual manner he shall carry on his Works, with several Affidavits thereto annexed: That he has always practised the same Method, with Success, in the flopping and turning the Course of Rivers in foreign Parts: But, as the Art and Skill he has attained to in performing Works of this Nature has been acquired by the Study and Industry of his Labour, and the greatest Part of his Life; so he humbly begged the Justice of the Committee, as he formerly insisted to the Trustees at Guildhall, that he may not be obliged to discover the Secret of his Knowledge and Skill of putting his Method in Execution to any Persons, but w hom this honourable Committee shall think proper Judges as to the Art and Workman-ship that is required for carrying on the fame, and who have practised, or have seen, some Works of such Nature; and likewise desired, that such Persons, to whom he shall be obliged to divulge, and explain, his Method, may not make use of, or discover, the same to his Disadvantage; for as there are some tilings of his own Invention, and Improvement, particularly in the fixing of the foundation, and Placing of Sluices, after a much more effectual manner than has been hitherto used in England, and in the proper Applying of Dovetail Piles for the Damming up of Rivers, which has been acknowleged by those Persons, to whom he had already dil'covered his Scheme; and it being the general Content of Mankind to allow every Man the Right of his own Invention, which thp Trustees at Guild-hall did assure him should be preserved to him; so, in Justice, now hopes this honourable Committee will have the same regard, and take the same care of him; and he shall, very gladly and w illingly, comply with what is desired of him to do: And he laid his Plan for flopping the Breach before the Committee, and like-wife his Description of his Method of working, in Writing; and the same was read; and immediately delivered back to him again.

The Reverend Mr. Defaguliers said, He was no-ways concerned with Mr. Donnelly, as to Profit or Loss; and that he had not seen Mr. Perry's Scheme; but that he heard it was by driving Dovetail Piles: That, since he first attended the Committee, he had been down at the Breach at Dagenham, and taken the Soundings thereof; and Vo l. 18.

found, that the Difference from Side to Side, where Mr. Dagenham Donnellyproposes to fink his Machines, is not above Two Breach. Foot: And then he gave his Opinion of Donnelly ’ s Scheme, and of Perry's, to the Committee; and they desired him to reduce the same into Writing; as also Doctor Harris,

Captain John Macarrell, the Reverend Mr. Hort, Mr.

George Ball, Mr. Leoni, and Mr. Billingsley; who fe-

verally delivered their Opinions, and Reasons, in Writing; which here follows;

An Abstract of the Opinions of Dr. John Harris, Mathematician and Mechanick; Mr. J. T. Defaguliers, Mathematician, Mechanick, Experimental Philosopher, and F. R. S.; Mr. Josiah Hort, Mathematician; Mr. James Leoni, Architect and Engineer; Captain John Macarrell, and Mr. George Ball, Practical Engineers and Me-chanicks; Mr. Hear it. Mill- wright, and Director of the Works at Londm Bridge; Mr. same Billingsley, Mathematician and Mechanick; which, by Order of the Committee, they did severally deliver in Writing; wherein they declare their several Reasons, why Captain Perry's Scheme for flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham is impracticable; and why the Method, proposed by Mr. Donnelly, may succeed:

i ft, The loose Sand and Moor-log at the Bottom of the Breach is very improper to hold the Three Rows of Piles, which Captain Perry intends to drive.

2dly, These Piles being made of Fir, which is specifically much lighter than Water, the vast Quantity , of Water that goes in and out of the said Breach every rlide, especially upon great Land-floods, Nor-weft Winds, and every Full and New Moon, ebbs and flows with that Force and Rapidity, that the Earth at the Bottom ot hi?

Piles will unavoidably be washed away, and his Piles set afloat, though he should drive them 16 Foot into such a Bottom.

3dly, The Canal and Sluice he proposes to make, will ease but One 17th of the Puffage he streightens; and, consequently, will not prevent the Force and Weight of the Water from breaking his Dovetails, or the Grooves that contain them.

4thly, In former Attempts to stop this Breach by Driving of Piles, i( has been found, that, when the Works are come near to a Close, the Strength of the Water has been so much increased thereby, that it has gullied and tore away the Bottom, and made it 30 Foot deeper than it was before at Low-water Mark.

5thly, The Foundation he intends to make being no less than 100 Foot, will require Time to bring it up to Low-water Mark; and the great Fall of the Water in the Flood, but especially in the Ebb Tides, occasioned by the Resistance of his Piles, will cause such strong Whirls and Eddies between them, as will spew them up long before his Foundation can be finished.

6thly, Part of the Bottom of the Breach, where Captain Perry is now w orking, is a hard Gravel; and the Drive-ing of Dovetail Piles, of so great a Length as will be here required, will be exceeding difficult, if not impossible; for, if the least Stone or Gravel gets betwixt his Grooves, they can never be driven home Besides, every Second Pile he drives will loosen the Fiift, and make it apt to Hart.

ythly, His Three Rows of Piles, which he intends to cross the Breach from each Side, and close them in the Middle, were it possible to do, which it is not, would never be able to sustain the Weight and Velocity of the Water, which will push against them in right Angles every high Tide.

8thly, That driving Dovetail, or other, Piles, unless in small Works, where there is a good Bottom, and no great Flux or Reflux of Water, has been always found unsuccessful; and therefore justly exploded both by the Ancients, and the Moderns.

gthly, The Breach at Dagenham has been formerly attempted to be flopped by Driving of Dovetail Piles; but without Success; the Fall of the Water, when by such Works the Passage has been straightened, being much greater than at London Bridge; and the Force and Velo-

5 U city

to

Dagenham

Breach.

442

city of it, especially in its Return from the Lands, has pressed with that Violence, that no Pile Works hitherto made use of has been able to sustain the Weight of it; but have been blown up, and set adrift.

Reaions humbly offered, why Mr. s Scheme

may be attended with Success.

The Machines are so well contrived, as to answer, in a more certain manner, all the Designs of flopping Breaches which have been proposed by others; as by Chest-work, sinking Ships, Piling of any fort, making Banks and Dams, cutting Canals, and Sluices, to carry off Part of the Back-water:

lft, That the Machines, while floating, can be managed with great Ease; and, by the Help of Tackles, can be united and fattened together without any Difficulty.

fidly, WThen this is done, the whole Machine, being happily contrived, so as to have all the Upper Part in Sluices, by opening them, and by the Use of Instrutnents, will fink uniformly and equally in a few Minutes; and close so exactly to the Bottom, which is near to a Level, as to binder the Water from pressing under.

3dly, For making this more effectual, a strong Work of Stone and Cement, whole Nature is to harden in Water, being raised in his Machines to Low-water Mark, shall, by its great Weight, press the false Keels into the Soil, and compress and settle into the Bottom, so as to hinder any Water from oufing under them; which Danger will be also further prevented, by spreading ori the Ground, from the Bottom, double-quilted Canvass, loaded with Lead at the outer Edge, like a Casting-net; over which he can easily form a Tallue, or Slope, both on the Outside and Inside of his Machines, and occasion even the Water itself to make his Ground good, by catting the Ooz, Slubb, 8$c. continually upon it; which will lodge in the Slope made of Faggots, Brush-wood, 8$c.\ and, in a little time, make all firm round the Machine to Low-water Mark.

4thly, As the Machines, when funk, will project in Two great Angles, the one towards the , or

Flowing Water, the other towards the Ebbing or Back Water, as the Sterlings of London B^dge, it will refill the Impression of each so effectually, that, the more they press upon it, the firmer it will be.

5thly, Captain Mackarell has f«en, in the several Moles run out a great Way into the Sea; and were built upon the same Principles with Mr. s Ma-

171

chines; and the Genovees have built a Cattle upon such Machines, funk in the open Sea, where it was above 60 Foot deep, upon which they planted Guns, to defend the City from a Second Bombarding by Sea, as it was in 1684, by the French; and, though the Seas are very violent in those Parts, yet the said Cattle and Moles are immoveable as a Rock.

6thly, Several of them have been very conversant in Works of this Nature, and ground their Judgments on the Observations they have made on the Moles in the Streights, and several Bridges, ancient and modern; as also several Breaches of this Nature, in which One of them was particularly concerned; and are of Opinion, as the present Enterprize requires more curious Application than any of the above-mentioned, so the Machines prepared by Mr. Donnelly are so contrived, by being truncated Pry-feins, and most part in Sluices, as to take off a more extraordinary Force of the Water, and make it serviceable, in adding a great Weight to keep them down, and press them with all that Force on the Foundation; and answer all other Intentions necessary for such a great Work.

7thly, The Sluices, which are ranged quite thorough the Machine from one End to the other, and from Low to High-water Mark, giving him great Command over the Water, so that it shall pals freely through, without doing any Damage to the Works; and, by keeping the Water near a Level within and without, and between, the Machine, will take off the Force occasioned by Waters of unequal Heights; as also preserve the Foundation, and secure it from being dug up and ruined; and prevent such dangerous Falls and Eddies as will attend all other Ways of flopping this Breach.

8thly, The truncated Pyramid, made by the Inside of the Four Machines, may be easily filled with proper Materials, that Mr. Donnelly may not only build a Wall on it quite across, but, if it be required, a Fortification.

Mr. Donnelly said, That what he meant by Misapplication of publick Money was, The Trustees agreeing to give 8,700l. more to Captain Perry than what he proposed to do the same for, and to give as good Security.

Mr. Oafce, being called as to the Misapplication of publick Money, referred to the Journal of the Trustees, Fol. 39.; where it appeared, that the said Trustees had ordered the Payment of 349/. 16 s. 1 d. as Bills of Charges in the House of Commons, and House of Lords, for patting the said Act: And the original Bills of Charges, being read, is as follows;

io# M

Paid Committee-fees, and Expences, to the Officers of the House of Commons, on several Petitions

Paid Committee-fees, on several Petitions, and Expences, to the Officers of the House of Commons -

Paid for a Fee to the Common Serjeant, for defending the Bill in the House of Lords -

Paid a Fee to Mr. Whittaker, for defending the Bill in the House of Lords -

For the Fees of the Bill in the House of Commons -

For the Fees of the Bill in the House of Lords ——

For my own Expences in attending and soliciting this Bill the whole Session of Parliament For ingrossing the Bill ——

Received the 23d July 1714, of John Lcthicullier Esquire, the Sum of Fifty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, the Full of tfln Bill; the other Sums being paid before: As witness my Hand,

Witness, James Blew.

Pet. Cooke.

Paid the Attorney General’s Fee, for his Opinion upon several Clauses in the Bill, after passed into-) an Act

Pud Mr. Noyfe for drawing the Act of Parliament; and for many Attendances about inspecting') several Acts of Parliament relating to Duties upon Shipping, and about the Proceedings necessary f to be made with repeft to the Clause for ascertaining the Coal Measure, which required abundance f of Time, Attendance, and Charge; and also for several Copies of the Bill, 50 Guineas - -3

£ s. d.

45 8 3

47 2 7

5 7 6

5 7 6

58 8 6

55 — —

53 15 —

9 1 3

5 7 6

53 »5 - -

To Mr. Town Clerk Gibjon, for many Attendances, and examining Records of Common Council relating to the Coal-measure; and for methodizing the Petitions -

339 1

10 15 —

349 16 i

Captain Perry, being aiked, What Conversation he had

with Sir John Parfom at Garraways Coffee-house^ about

a Note of 3,500l. said, He knew nothing of any Note; but there was a Propofol of advancing Money, by

allowing

Dagtnham

Breach.

a Geo. I. io"

allowing 75 and 50 per Cent, to such as would become his Securities: That Mr. JVard, and Colonel Bennet, pro-tnifed to be his Security, in case the Trustees, at a General Meeting, contented to it: That there was a Memorandum, for allowing 75 per Cent, drawn up with Mr. Ward, of Hackney, at his House at Stocks Market; which was not agreed to; but he afterwards procured Gentlemen to be Security for him, at 50 per Cent, that were neither Land-owners or Trustees.

Colonel Thomas Coote said, That the Trustees proposed, at first, to give Captain Perry 30,0001.: That, since, they had agreed with him for 25,000 I.: That the Act, in the Beginning, was called a Jobb; but law nothing like it, until Perry's Scheme was set up: That then Colonel Joseph Bennet came to him, and told him, If he would come into Measures, he should have 1,000l.: To which he answered, Colonel, you and I are old Acquaintances;

I should be as glad of 1,000l. as any- Man; but you know my Circumstances are such, that I can advance no Money: Bennet answered, That he should have it without his advancing One Farthing; you shall not be brought into any Inconveniency; you shall know further, if you meet me on Monday Night at Mr. Ward's House: That, at the General Meeting, he acquainted the Board of this Matter; and said. He thought there was Money stirring: Colonel Bennet then said. That Colonel Coote was a Land-owner; and, if the Breach was Hopped, he would gain 1,000l.: Upon which, Colonel Coote addressed himlelfto the Lord Mayor, and said, My Lord, when I speak before an Assembly. and in a publick Trust, I speak determinately, and do not equivocate: And, at another Meeting of this Committee loine Days after, Colonel Coote giving the same Account;

Colonel Bennet said, At that time, he proffered to be bound himself for 1,000l.; and that he would go to Mr. Ward, and likewise to his old Acquaintance Colonel Coote’, and what he offered was as a Premium for the Hazard he should run in being bound:

Colonel Coote said, That being bound was never mentioned to him i if it had, he was sure he should have given a positive Answer, That, as a Trustee, he could not.

Colonel Bennet, being asked. What he meant by the Word Premium, said, That, Captain Perry lying under great Difficulties in getting Security, there was a Proposal for giving 50 per Cent, as a Reward, or Premium, for those that would become bound for him.

Colonel Coote further insisted. That s Milcar-

riage occasioning the Publick to be at a greater Expence in stopping the Breach, was, in some fort, a Misapplication of publick Money; and that every Undertaker’s attempting the fame, without Succefe, by any Method which should render the stopping the Breach frill more chargeable, would be it further Misapplication of publick Money: And, being asked, Whether he could charge any one in particular, of the Trustees, on his own Knowlege, he said, There was a Corruption in the Trust; and he charged Bribery on Colonel Joseph Bennet in particular.

Resolved, That it does not appear to this Committee, upon the Examination of the Petition of Dominick Donnelly, That there has been any Misapplication of the publick Monies by the Trustees for stopping the Breach of Dagenham.

The Committee have, according to a subsequent Order of the House, of Monday last, taken into their Examination, the State of the Breach at Dagenham; how far it affects the Navigation of the River of Thames: And, upon examining the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity house, they find,

That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, do believe, That the Navigation is very much damaged by the said Breach: That Ships cannot pals so well as formerly, by reason of the Shelf, or Sand-bank, which is grown up near the Mouth of the said Breach, and is increasing, and growing over the River; and that the said Shelf can proceed no other Way than from the said Breach:

That, on the North Shore, where there was a deep Vol. IS.

Mail. 443

Water, there is now no coming; and that where there was 20 Foot of Water, the Year before the Breach was, it is now dry; and that the Men of War could formerly ride there at low Water:

That, in the belt of the Chanel, there is now Four Foot of Water left than there was before the Breach:

That, in the Year 1676, the Swan Man of War rid at Anchor where the Shelf now is:

That the Breach does not prevent the Tides rising lb high as formerly; and that they believe it not visible, if it does; and that there has been as high Tides lately, as ever:

That they have had Pilots at the Breach very lately; and they confirmed to them what they now say.

The Trinity-house Report, dated the 4th May 1714,

was read:

And the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, affirmed, That they are now of the same Opinion as they were at that time.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution viz.

Piefolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Breach in the Levels of titroering and Dagenham is prejudicial to the Navigation of the River of Thames.

Colonel Coote produced a printed same of BoJJwelC s, relating to Dagenham Breach; and read the following Clauses out of it; viz.

That one Parmey, who lived on the Premises, and was concerned for the former Undertakers, cut down the Booms and Flood-gates of BoJJivell, which was made to carry off the Back-water

That several of his Servants refused to work at such times as he had the greatest Occasion for them:

There is some Reasons to believe. That a Relation of Mr. Perry's corrupted and seduced One of BofweWs Master Workmen; and that, in consequence of such Corruption, the said Master Workman drove several Piles, which he never fattened contrary to the known Methods of the said Works; and that such Piles, for that Reason, were of no Use.

Sarah Sish said, That she lived with Mr. Parmey, and overheard him say to his Wife, That he had cut down BoJJwell's Booms, and hoped, that the Flood-gates would be gone by the next Morning:

That Parmey was out in his Boat, and came home late that Night, when he said this to his Wife; and told her,-Thathe had done BojwelVs Business for him:

That Parmey, (he believed, had a great Spite against BoJJxvell; for that he had a mind Mr. Ward should have the Works of stopping the Breach; and always deli red, that BoJJwell might not finish his Undertaking:

That when Parmey heard, that the next Morning the Gates were gone, he spoke of it in a joyful Manner:

That, about Three Weeks after Christmas, (he first discovered this Matter.

Mr. BoJJwell said. That Mr. Perry had corrupted his Servants.

Margaret Grimstonsaid. That (he heard Mr. Reynolds say, That Mr. Stephens came to him, and told him, That if BoJJwell mifearried, he (Mr. Reynolds) should be Mr.

Perry's Foreman, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Perry's Kmfman, and Mr. Reynolds, was Mr. Foreman).

Thomas Patten asked, Whether he had found a great many Piles, that Reynolds had drove, that were not fattened

Answer, That he found a 12th in a Row that was not fattened.

Then Colonel Armstrong, and several other Persons, and also the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, were called in, and severally examined at the Bar, Whether the Breach at Dagenham was prejudicial to the Navigation of the River of Thames.

And then they withdrew.

And then the said Resolutions of the Committee were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The

r^ebtors

Petition.

Privilege — A Person reprimanded and discharged.

Planting of

Timber

Trees.

Woollen

Manufacture*

444 10° — ii° — 12

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Papists to discover and register their Names, and real Estates; to the end their said Estates may be charged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, pursuant to his Majesty’s gracious Condescension, in consenting, That the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Veneris, n° Maii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the* Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the said Committee, That they had heard Council upon the Petition of the Deputies of the States of the Islands of Jersey and in

behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, and of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Alderney and Sarke; and that the Committee had heard the Commissioners of the Customs; and had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further upon the said Bill.

P R A Y E R S.

A PETITION of the poor distrefiM Prisoners for Debt, and Damages, in the Cattle of Norwich, being the common Gaol for the County of in

behalf of themselves, and many others in the said Prison, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses and Misfortunes incident to Trade, and otherwise, are thereby uncapable of paying their Creditors their respective Debts; but the Petitioners, are ready and willing to make them the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, by delivering unto them, or their life, upon Oath, all the Petitioners Substance and Effects, so as they may be discharged from their Confinements, and be it Liberty to exercise their respective Trades, for the Subsistence of themselves, and their poor Families: And praying this House will be pleased to assist in passing an Act for so pious and compassionate an End.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

John Ensor, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Barrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit; and for better Preservation of the same; was committed That they had made several Amendments thereunto > which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for inrolling the Lord Hawley’s Conveyance from the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents:

And the said Clause was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures.

Mr*Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Rigby’s whom the Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his l,‘fotvenc.Y Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Effects in Trustees, for his Creditors; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Forfeited Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; Fttat-s. and of Estates given to superstitious Ul'es; in order to raile Money out of them severally for the Use of the Publick; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland Baronet be at Li- Malcon berty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election. Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Burgesses, Electors for the said Borough of Malton, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Electfon and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12° die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A BILL for strengthening the Protestant Interest of Laws this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against against Papists, was read a Second time. ts*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Securing the Highlands was read a Second time. Peace of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Highland*.

Rofolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

,a Geo. I. 12° — i4B Man, 445

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itt'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Privilege of Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Or-Parliament. a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Denbigh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to flie Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir Richard Myddleton Baronet, dcccaled.

Pfle* - Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County of Essex, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Coinage An ingrossed Bill to continue the Duties for encourage-Duties. jnSr the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. To leave out " hath accrued," and insert " did accrue

L. 3, and 4. To Leave out " this Kingdom," and insert "England:'

And the same were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coin-. age of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulating Mr. Molesworth, according to Order, reported, from Vestries. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sams as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 14.0

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Planting of \ N ingrossed Bill to encourage the Planting of Tim-Trees*1* fx. ber-trees. Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Orna-reet" inent. Shelter, or Profit; and for better Preservation of the fame; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Vo l. 18.

L

Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter; and Profit; and for the better Preservation of the same j and for the preventing the burning of Woods.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the Adjourned Regulating Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the Veftneti whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and Westminster,

Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a (Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not alter the Disposition of any Charity given of settled by Will or Deed; but the Will and Deed shall have the Effect that it would have had, in case this ACI had not been made:

And the said Clause was twice read; and amended } and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Act shall not extend to alter the Receipt, or Distribution, of any voluutary Contributions, Subscriptions, annual Payments, Collections, Rents, Revenues, or other Benefactions, made, given or settled on, by or on behalf of any Charity Schools in London, and Southwark, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill;

That the Act shall not extend to affect or change the Vestryof the Parish of St.Saviours, Southwark, or the Collection or Distribution of any Charities within the said Parish:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That, after a certain Day, the Overseers of the Poor of London and Westminster, and within the Bills of Mortality, shall appoint Nurles fit to take due Care of Found- lings and Bastards belonging to the Parishes 5 and the Vestries shall appoint Persons to inspect into the Behaviour of the Nurles:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks} which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving unto the Principals, or Treasurer, of the several Inns of Chancery, situate in the Parish of St. Andrew's,

Holborne, St. Clement's Danes, and St. Dunstan's in the West, all such Right as they have enjoyed, of being Vefr trymen respectively within the said Parishes: '

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill That the Act shall not extend to charge the Cowkeepers, for or in respect of their Cows kept, and Hay grown, upon Land, with the Pound Rate; and that the Land occupied by the Cowkeepers, shall be charged only after the Rate of Parts, in proportion to the Pound

Rate upon Houses:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And the Clause w-as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

5 X Then

446 14° — 15° — 1(5° A. 1716.

Then the Bill was amended in several Places.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Registering Mr. Jessop, according to Order, reported, from the

Mates Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

s* oblige Papists to discover and register their Names, and

real Estates; to the end their laid Estates may be charged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, pursuant to his Majesty’s gracious Condescension, in consenting, That the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to so:ne of them agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken, to extend, to subject, or make liable, the Persons or Estates of any Feme Covert, who is or may be liable to take any Oaths, or to register their Estates, by virtue of this present Act:

And the said Clause was twice read:

And the Question being put, that the Clause be made Part of the Bill:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to Leases made by Protestants to Papists:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House withdrawn.

An Amendment was made by the House to the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Glasgow City The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Revenue. for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Onc-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefi’engers withdrew.

Law* against The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Papists. relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 1Mali;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Rigby’s nnHE House proceeded, according to Order, to take lofolvency. X into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Eftefits in Trustees, for his Creditors; was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put there-

upon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for save-ing to Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and John Dormer Esquire, the Benefit of Securities on Sir Alexander Rigby's Estate, bearing Date the 1,5th July 1682, and the First Day of April 1685:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That if the Creditor and Creditors, who are to have Shares and Proportions in rel’pest of their Debts, and Damages recovered, or otherwise due, out of the Effects aforesaid, shall not be paid, or shall not receive, after the Rate of per Pound, by and out of such Effects,

as aforesaid, clear of all Charges and Contributions, within the Space of after the Day of that then, and from thenceforth, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Creditor and Creditors, at whose Suit and Suits the said Sir Alexander Rigly stood charged, in Custody, at the time of making this Act, and to have Execution and Executions upon his, her, or their, Judgments or any other Proccfe at Law', or in Equity, against the said Sir Alexander Rigby, according to the Nature of his, her, or their, same and Cafes, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made: And further, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any other Creditor and Creditors, at whose Suit or Suits the said Sir Alexander Rigby did not stand charged, in Custody, at the time of making this Act, to have such Process at Law, or in Equity, against the said Sir Alexander Rigby, according to the Nature of his, her, or their, same and Cafes, as fully, to all Intents, as if this Act had never been made:

And the said Clause was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Securing tb* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, and aD the North Parts of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Maii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, ac- Disabling

cording to Order, a Bill 10 disable any Person j^p"*^1* from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting J-n^n bein^* in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Members." Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr

2 Geo. I*

Sunderland’s

Debts.

Rigby's

Insolvency.

Dr- Burs-cough to preach on «gth Muy.

Woollen

Manufactures.

Forfeited

Dilates.

Sunderland’s

Debts.

Essex

Election.

i6° — i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain lands and Tenements of Peter Sunderland Esquire In Trustees to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon before the Making of his Marriage Settlement, and by virtue thereof: To which the Lords de» fire the Concurrence of this Lloufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Effects in Trustees, for his Creditors; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby Knight from his Imprisonment; and vest his Estate and Effects in Truf^ tees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Freman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Burscough be desired to preach before this Houseat S

on the 29th Day of May instant, being appointed by Act of Parliament for a Day of Thanksgiving for the Recti-tution of the Royal Family, and Restoration of the Government: And that Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. Addison, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being rqad, for the House to re* solve itself into a Committer-of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traytors, and of Popish Recuiants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Uses of the Publick;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to provide for the Maintenance and Education of the Protestant Children of Papilts; and to secure to the Son and Heir, being a Protestant, his Inheritance, as Heir at Law'.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Peter Sunderland Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon before the Making of his Marriage Settlement, and by virtue thereof, was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return Vol. 18.

7° Mail. 447

of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Essex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Robert Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of IVm. Haney Esquire, for the County of Essex.

That the Committee have examined the Merits of that Election:

That the Poll was

For Mr. Harvey 2,541:

Mr. Honywood 2,517:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel added Three to his Poll; viz.

One who voted for the Petitioner, and was put down for the Sitting Member; another voted for the Petitioner, and was put down for Mr. , who was dead;

another was under-cast in the Petitioner's Poll:

And they objected to 157 of the Sitting Members’ Vo* ters; and produced Evidence, who disqualified 142, under the following Heads; viz.

One a Mortgager out of Possession j Two voted for Reversions; and Six for Leaseholds;

Six purchased within a Year before the Election;

Seven were Minors j

Seven were Vicars, and Foul* Schoolmasters, not rated* Twenty-one had no Freeholds;

Eight had Freeholds under Value; and were not rated j and

Eighty were in none of the Publick Rates:

The other Fifteen, who were objected to, were not disqualified by the Evidence which was offered against them.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel objected to 251 of the Petitioner’s Voters; and produced Evidence, who disqualified 112, under the following Heads; viz.

One a Mortgager, out of Possession;

One a Schoolmaster' not rated;

Two purchased within a Year before the Election; Two were Minors;

Fonr received Charity;

Fourteen had Freeholds rated under Value;

Four had Freeholds, proved by Witnesses to be under Value;

Twenty-two had no Freeholds; and Sixty-two were in none of the publick Rates.

As to 117 other Persons, objected to by the Sitting Member’s Counsel, the Evidence was as follows; Sixty-four were objected to, as not rated; viz.

Fifteen upon the Evidence of James Witham, and Forty-nine upon the Evidence of James Haney; who laid. They batl inspected the Rates produced by the Petitioner, and did not find those Persons Names there; but owned themselves to be Strangers to the County; and did not know the Places, or the Persons, of which they spoke; nor whether they had any Tenants rated or not: And

Fifty-three others were objected to, as not being in any Rate:

But the Witnesses confessed, Twenty-seven were in some of the Rates; and, for the rest, they could only speak to the Poor Rate alone, or to the Land Tax alone, and not to both Rates.

That the Sitting Members Objections to Twenty-two others were not proved-

To qualify Forty-two of the Sitting Member’s Voters, it was infilled on by the Counsel,

That 13 were good Votes, though not rated;

Five Vicars, Four Parsons, and Four Schoolmasters: Two were proved to have Freeholds of Value, and Twenty-seven were proved to be rated in their own or Tenants Names; which answered the Objections that had been made to them.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel, on their Reply, alleged, That Six, which had been disqualified, as not having

Freeholds,

L"

Forfeited

Estates.

Privilege of Parliament

Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

448

170 — 18°

A. 171

Freeholds, or not named in any Rates, were only Mifno-mers upon the Foil, by literal Mistakes of the Clerks; such as Bilfden for Pilfden, Stoke for Stuck, Me.: And,

They proved by the Rates, That 14 were rated; the contrary of which had been averred by the Sitting Member’s Witnesses, who inspefited those Rates.

Thus the Petitioner's Counfol qualified those 14, and falsified several of the Sitting Member’s Witnesses.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Harvey Esquire is not duly elefifced a Knight «f

the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Esse.r.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Honyxcood Esquire is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex.

The First Kesolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Harvey Esquire is not duly defied a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex.

The House divided.

the Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

CMr. Shute, )

{Mr. Mivshall: j

Tellers for the Noes, } 60.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Relblutiou being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Honyxcood Esquire is duly defiled a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for lie County of Essex, by rafing out the Name of Harvey Esquire, and inserting the Name of Robert xcood Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That no Member of this House be a Commissioner for putting in Execution the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now nut;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {|j; } $7-

TeUers for.be Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effefitual fectiring the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

127.

Vetter is) 180 die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

ABI L L to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the County of Essex.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige Papists to discover and re-

f’fter their Names, and real Estates; to the End their laid states may be charged towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for suppressing the late unnatural Rebellion, and establishing the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, pursuant to his Majesty’s gracious Condescension, in contenting That the Two-thirds of the said Estates, forfeited to his Majesty, may be applied to that Purpose; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That if any Person registring his real Estate shall, by Mistake, omit to register any Part whereof shall not exceed Part of the Value; the D, and in

such case, the Person lo omitting shall, for such Omission only, forfeit

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Jessop do cany the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Gery and Mr. Rogers;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the said County, with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better regulating Select Vestries within the Cities of London and -

fler, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament, or otherwise, for the Maintenance of the Poor; be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Maney out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported, from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had 17 i refit ed

Di fabling Persons having Pension* from being Mem* bers.

Essex R*tnr* amended.

Registering

Papists

Estates.

Cornwall

Assize.

Regulating

Vestries.

Forfeited

EitaUs.

449

a Geo. I. 18° — 230 — 240 Mali.

(directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BUI.

L«w* against Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* Papists. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for itrengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

.. Securing the Resolved, That this House will, upon next.

Peace of the at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Highland!. Qf w^0ie House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Scotland*

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° Matt;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A ingrossed Bill from the Lofds, intituled, An Act Dent*. for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Peter

Sunderland Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon before the making of his Marriage Settlement, and by virtue thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wentworth, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir out, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Mr. Bere,

Mr. Wentworth junior, Mr. Hey sham. Sir Arth. Kay,

Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Hill, Mr. Inge, Mr. Heathcot, Mr. NeviU, Mr. London, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Molesworth Mr. Heath, Sir Tho. , Sir Edward Turnor, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Conyers, General Harvey, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Eden, Mr. Hopkins, General Lumley, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Gregory; and all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of tye Day being read;

Forfeited The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Estate*. <House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recuiants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

iMr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrefe in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Wo*Hen M»- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning -rafeAores. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. it,

Jovts, 24.^ die Matt J

Anno 2* Georgii Regb, 1716.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the batter regulative Select Vef- Regulating tries within the Cities of London Vest minster, Valine*.

Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality; and for preventing any Misapplication of such Sums as shall be raised, or given by charitable Persons at the Sacrament,

Or otherwise for the Maintenance of the Poor, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to foe Bill 1 viz.

Pr. 4. L. 6. To leave out " Five hundred Pr. 5. L. 6. To leave out "Fifteen hundred," and insert " One thousand

Pr. 6. L. 33. After "Vestry," to insert "in relation to the Poor."

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That foe Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ } '35-

Teller, for the Noes| Ur^T^}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating Select Vef-tries within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality, and for preventing any MHkpplication of Monies raised, or given, for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Molesworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from foe Committee of Pri- Well* vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City R1«3ma-.of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and also the Report

touching foe Election for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be received upon Wednesday Morning-next.

The House being acquainted, That Thomas Forster Escape ®f junior Esquire, and iVm. Mackintosh Esquire, commonly Forfter aid called Brigadier Mackintosh, who were committed to Mackiutofh. Neiogate for High Treason, after an Indictment for the said High Treason found against them, did, the Night before the time appointed for their Tryal, make their Escape;

And that Persons were attending at the Door, who were Witnesses of the High Treason;

A Copy of the Bill of Indictment found for the said High Treason was delivered in; and read; and is as follows; via.

Midd’x is': Jur’ pro Domino Rege super sacramen-turn fuu’ praefentant, quod Thomas Forfter, nqper de Preston, in Com’ pal’ Lane’ ar’; Willielmus Mackintosh, nuper de Preston prasd’, ar'; Willielmus Shaftoe, nuper de Preston praed’, ar; Robertus Talbott, nuper de Preston praed’, gen’; Henricus Oxbrough, alias Oxbo-rough, nuper de Preston praed’, ar’; Carolus Wogan, nuper de Preston, praed’, gen; Nicolaus Wogan, nuper de Preston praed’, gen; et Johannes Hall, nuper de Preston praed’, ar’; existent’ fubditi Sereniflimi Domini Georgii modo Regis Magne Britannie, Franc’, et Hiber-nie, ndei defenfor’, &c. timor’ Dei in cordibus fuis non babentes, nec debit’ ligeanc’ sue ponderant’, fed mitigation’

diabolica moti et seduct’, ut falsi prpditores, contra dictum Dominu’ Regem nunc fupremu’, veru’, naturalem, legalem, et indubitat' Dominu’ fuu’, cordialem amor’, ac 5 veram et debit’ obedienc', fidelitat,’ et ligeanc’, auas qui-libet fubdit’ dicti Domini Regis nunc erga ipsum Dominu’

5 Y Regem

45?

24° Mali

A. 171<5.

ttegetti gereret, et de jure gerere terietur, penitus fubtra-hentes; ac machinantes, et totis viribus fuis proditorie intendentes regimen et gubernation’ hujus regni fub eodem Domino Rege nunc debite et felicit’ stabilit’ mutare et fub* vertere, ac di&urn Dominu* Regem nunc atitulo, honor’, iregali statu, imperio, et regimine hujus regni deponere et deprivare, necnon eundem Dominu’ Regem ad mortem, et final’ destrufition’ ponere et adduCere; ac personam in vita Jacobi fecund! nuper Regis Angl’ preten’ efie Priu-cipem Wallie, et post di&i nuper Regis deCeflu’ pre-tenden’ efie, et fufcipien’ super fe ftilem et titulum Regis And’ per nomen Jacobi tertii, ad coron’ regalem, statu', et dignitat’ Regis, et imperium et regimen hujus regni exaltare; duodecimo die Novembris, anno regni di&i Domini Regis nunc secundo, apud parocbiam de Preston, in com’ palatin’ Lane’, cum magna multitudin’ proditor’ et rebelliu’, feiUcet, and numeru mille personar’ (juratoribus praed’ adhuc ignot"), vi et armis modo guer-rino armat’ et arniiat’; videlicet, vexillis displicat’, tyrapa-nis, gladiis, fuftibus, bombardis, & al’ armis, tarn invafivis quam defenfivis, feipfoe contra dkihim Dominu’ Regem nunc’ falfo et proditorie assemblaver’ et congregaver’; et feipfos adtuoc et ibidem vi et armis prsed’ falfo et proditorie, modo guerrino, ajraiaver’ et dispofuer’; et helium publicum et crudele contra di&um Dominum Regem nunc, ad proditor’ proposita prsed’ adtunc et ibidem, vi et armis, praefelfo et proditorie paraver’, ordinaver’, gefler* et levaver’j stragem miferabil’ et crudel’ inter fidel’ fubdit’ di&i Domini Regis nunc adtunc et ibidem proditorie committentes et perpetrantes; et adtunc et ibidem, durante hello pned’, vi et armis, prsed’ villam di£ti Domini Regis nunc dc Preston, in com* palatin’ Lane* prsed’, illicite et proditorie, contra voluntat’ ipfius Domini Regis* intraver*, et possession’ inde ceper*; et villam ill’ vi et armis, modo guerrino, illicite et pro- -ditorie pofleder’, custodiver’, et defender’, contra di&um Dominu’ Regem nunc; contra ligeanc’ fee debit’, contra pacem di&i Domini Regis nunc, coron’ et dignitat’ seas, necnon contra form’ statut’ in hujufinodi case edit’ et pro vis.

Midd’x fe’: Memorand’, quod ad fession’ deliberation’ ^aol’ Domini Regis, com’ Midd’x, tent’ apud Westm’, m com’ praedift’, die Sabbati, y* (fie Aprilis, anno regni Domini Georgii, Dei fgratia Magne Britannie, Francie, et Hibemie, Regis, fidei Defenfor’, &c. secundo, coram Willielmo Thompson mil’, Roberto Thornhill, Johanne Milner, Henr’ Ludlow, et Carolo Greenwood, armi-geris, et al’ sociis fuis, justic’ et commissionar ejuldem Domini Regis, per literas paten’ ipfius Domini Regis, fob magao sigillo Magne Britan’ eifdem, justic* et com-tniflkmar’ praenominat’, et al’ et aliquibus tribus et plu-ribus eor’ confeft’; quor aliquem prsefat’ Willielmi Thompson, et Henr’ Ludlow, five praschariffimi filij, «t perqu’ fidel’ confiliar’ Domini Regis, Georgii Princi-pis Wallie; Willielmi Domini Cowper, Cancellar’ Mag* ne Britannie; Caroli eomit* Sunderland, custod’ privat’ sigilli Domiai Regis; Willielmi ducis -Devon’, fenefcalli fcolpitii Domini Regis; Caroli ducis Bolton, candar’ hospitii Domini Regis; Roberti ducis Ancaster et Kefte-ven, magn’ candar Angl’; Henr’ comit’ Suffolk et Bind on, vicemarifeall’ Angl’; Ricardi comit’ Scarborough, cancellar’ ducat’ Lancaftr’; Hugon’ comit’ Cfadmondley, the&urar’ hospitii Domini Regis; Caroli vicecomit’ Townshend, primar’ secretar’ Domini Regis; Thome Domini Parker, capital’ Justic’ Domini Regis ad placita coram ipso Rege tenend’ assign’; Roberti Walpole ar’, cancellar’ et lubthefaurar* fcnccarij Domini Re-

S'ir Hugon’ Bofcawen arm’, contrarotulator’ hospitii oraini Regis; Jacobi Stanhope ar’, un’ primar’ secretar’ Domini Regis; Petri King, mil’, capital justic’ Domini Regi9 de banco; Samuel’ Dodd mil’ capital* baron’ fcaccarij’ Domini Regis; Littleton Powys mil’, un* Justic’ Domini Regis ad Placita coram ipso Rege tenend’ assign’; Johannes Blencowe mil’ un justic’ Do* mini Regis de banco; Roberti Tracy arm’, al’ justic* Domini Regia de banco; Thome Bury mil’, un’ baron’ fcaccarij Domini Regis; Roberti Price arm*, al* baron* ai

fcaccarij Domini Regis; Roberti Dormer ar’, al’ justic’ Domini Regis de banco; Roberti Eyre mil’, al* justic’ Domini Regis ad placita coram ipso Rege tenend* assign’; Johannis Pratt mil’, al* Justic’ Domini Regis ad placita coram ipso Rege tenend’ assign’; Jacobi Montagu mil*, al’ baron’ fcaccarij Domini Regis; Willielmi Iiumphrys barr’, Johannis Bennet, Caroli Peers, mil’, Martini Ryder, et Josephi Offley, ar’, ai’ justic’ et commissionar* di&i Domini Regis in literis paten’ praed’ etiam nominal, et appun&uat’; idem Dominus Rex un’ efle voluit ad deliberand’ gaol’ com’ praed’ de prisonar’ in eadem exif-ten’, vel in eadem foturis, in gaol’ praed’ detent’ vel ante vel super vicesimum tertiu’ diem Jaouar’, anno Domini milleflmo feptingentefimo decimo sexto detinend’ pro alt’ prodition’ in levand’ guerrarn contra dictum Dominum Regem nunc infra hoc regnum, et ad inquirend’ per sacramentum probor’ etlegalium horaiuum de corpore ejusdem com’ de quibufeunq; alter prodition’ in levando guerrarn coutra di&um Dominum Kegem infra hoc regnum per eofdem prisonar’, feu per aliquos vel aliquem eor’, qualitercunque habit* fa&\ commifs’, five perpe-trat’, feu ante vel super praed’ vicesimum tertiu’ diem Januar’ anno Domini millefimo feptingentefimo decimo sexto fuprad’ habend’, field’, committend’, five perpe-trand’; et ad oaiiJem prodition’ audiend’ et terminand’, fecunduni formam statut’ fa&* in present’ parliament’ di&i Domini Regis, intitulat’, " An Act for the more " easy and speedy Tryal of feeb Persons as have levied, " or shall levy, War against his Majesty," assign’ per sacramentum Johannis Smith, de Isleworth, bar;’ Thome Halton, paroch’ San&e Marie Islington, bar’; Edwardi Gould, de Highgate, mil'; Thome Railton, de Westm’, ar’; Edwardi Le Neeve, paroch’ San&ae Anne Westm’, ar*; Hugon’ Raymond, paroch’ de Stepney, arm’; Willielmi Northey, de Hackny, ar; Michael’ Crake, paroch’ San&i Martini in campis, arm’; Josephi Haynes^ paroch’ San&e Marie Whitechapple, arm’; Galfridi Saunders, paroch’ San&i Clement’ Dacor’, arm’; Thome Rand, paroch’ San&i Egidij Crjppl«gate, ar’; Thome Burdus de Westm’ arm’; Willielmi Priestley, paroch’ San&i Egidij in campis, ar’; Samuel’ Jones, paroch’ de Stepney, arm’; Johannis Mercer, paroch’ San&i Egidij in campis, ar’; Josephi Reynardson, paroch’ San&i Andree Holborn, arm’; Fineas Harrison, paroch’ Sand* Jacobi Clerkenwell, ar’; Petri Lomhard, paroch San&i Martini in campis, ar’; Edwardi Nelthorpe, paroch’ Sandi Andree Holborn, arm’; Phi’ Wiltshire, paroch’ de Stepney, arm;’ Thome Lcheup, paroch’ San&e Anne Westm’, ar’; Henr’ Trent, de Westm’, gen’; Ricardi Farwell, de eadem, gen’; et Johannis Beadwell, de eadem, gen’; probor* et legaliura hominum com’ pned’ adtunc et ibidem jurat’ et on’at’ ad inquirend’ pro dido Domino liege de et concemen’ praemife’ in Literis paten’ prsed’ mentjonat’ preefentat’ existit: quod billa indida-

ment’ hpic schedul’ annex’eftbilla vera.

Harcourt:

And two Witnesses were called in; and examined at Attainder of the Bar, touching the said High Treason. Forfter and

Ordered, Netntne contradicente, That Leave be given to MaeklntUl* bring in a Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior,

Esquire, and lVm. Mackintosh Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mackintoshy of High Treason; And that Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Forfeited of the Clock, resolve itself ioto a Committee of the whole Estate*, House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Chm-nuflioners to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to fcper-ftitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Disabling ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Persons b»v-House, upon the Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the Members?

Hpufe

Securing the Peac* of the Highlands.

J*ro#orfs

Estate*

forfeited

HUtci.

Laws against Papists*

Woollen

Proflor'i

Lftute.

Attainder of

Forfter and Mackintofli.

2 Geo. I. 24* — 25" — 260- — 30° Mali. 451

House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, - and the North Parts of Scotland.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Sherlock, Dean of Dr. Sherlock Chichester, be desired to preach before this House, at St. to preach or Margaret's, Westminster, upon the Seventh Day of June 7th June* next, being appointed, by his Majestys Royal Proclamation, for a Day of publick Thanksgiving: And that Mr.

Ash and Mr. Aislabic do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25*;

Anno a* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocksand Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas ProBor, of Rock, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, to rasse the Sum of Four thousand Pounds of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of PopHh Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick. *Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, That' they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Orders of foe Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Forfeited whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commission- Eftaw*. ers to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of

Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of foe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, before it resolve itself into the said Committee, take into Consideration the Number, Qualifications, and Manner of choosing the Commissioners for putting in1 Execution foe Powers contained in the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morti- Bifabling ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *»▼-

House, upon the Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, foe M^ben!* House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from foe Crown.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Friday next, at Seeming the Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ;P«c« of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Highland*, securing the Peace of the Highlands, and the N orfo Parts of Scotland.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing foe Laws now in being against Papists.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of foe Woollen Manufactures.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26* Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas ProQor, of Rock, in foe County of Northumberland, Esquire, to raise foe Sum of Four thousand Pounds out of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for foe Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esquire, and Wm. Mackintosh Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh, of High Treason; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Vol. 18,

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Me rcuriit 30° die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from foe Lords, intituled, An Act proaor'» to enable Thomas ProBor of Rock, in the County Estate. of Northumberland, Esquire, to raise the Sum of Four thousand Pounds out of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jim, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hem, Mr. Blackiston, Mr. Ho-> nywood, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ducane, Mr. Mr. Far-

rer, Mr. Strickland, Mr. White, Mr. Henley, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bankes, Sir Roger Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grantham, Sir Geo. Warrington, Mr. Bell, Mr. London, Mr. Mr.

Eden, Mr. Nevill, Sir Tho. Cross, Sir James Mr. Smith, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Delavall, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Gibbons', and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, YorkJ.

Durham, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in foe Speaker’s,

Chamber.

Mr. Wentworth junior, reported from the Committee, Sunderland'* to whom the ingrs died Bill from the Lord#, intituled. Debt*.

An

by

45*

30® Mali.

A. 1716.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Peter Right of Election was in the Mayor, Burgesses, and In-Sunderland Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment habitants paying Scotland Lot, or in the Mayor, Masters, of Debts charged thereon before the Making of his Mar- and sworn Burgesses only:

n -.1__________* 1 1______ 4.1______c __________ a___1 ~__________u.

riagd Settlement, and by virtue thereof, was committed, That they had Examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Expedition t» Canada.

And it was resolved by the Committee, and agreed to by the House, That the Right of Election is only in the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, of the said City.

The Petitioners Counsel produced Nine Returns to Parliament, viz.

x# Mar'uz. Magister civitatis communitas,

eligerunt duos burgesses 8$ cives.

26* SC 30° Eliz. Magister communilas eligerunt burgesses:

43* Eliz. § l* 15® Car. Major, Magistri,

Dr. Barf-

cough

thftoked.

Cornwall

Afee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in New England, on behalf of themselves, and burgesses, eligerunt duos civitatis, Jive burgi: others, was referred, be received upon Saturday Mom- i# Jac. 2 Major, aldermanni, 0$ burgesses, eligerunt — frig next burgesses burgi:

2* J SC Maria. Mayor, Masters, and Bur-

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to gestes, elected Two Citizens, or Burgesses:

Dr. Burscough, for the Sermon by him preached before i* Anna. Major, magistri, SC burgesses, eBger duos

this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: cives civitat' Jive burgi: Alfb,

And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. 31* Elizabetha. A Charter of Incorporation, reciting. Comptroller, and Mr. Addison, do acquaint him there- That civitas Jive de Welles was villa and had ancient Franchises and Privileges; all which are confirmed by this Charter; and an Incorporation is created for the future, and a Common Council is appointed, to

consist of a Mayor, Masters, and Chief Burgesses, in

Number 24; who have Power to make Ordinances, and By-laws; and they, and their Officers, to be chosen by

with.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the said County

- — j - — j----- 7 — j e # j

And the said Amendments, being read, are as follow; them, are required to take an Oath for due Execution of

viz.

Pr. l. L. 6. Leave 'out from "County" to "for," in the 23d Line of the same Press, and, instead thereof, insert " which constant Holding has been oftentimes found " inconvenient

L. 31. After "Sixteen," insert " the Holding of the Assizes, and General Gaol-delivery, for the said County, shall not be confined to the said Town of Launceston i but that"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

*4

44

their Offices: From whence the Petitioners Counsel inferred, That this was the First Rife of the Oath; mid that, before this Charter, the Burgesses Oath was not necessary.

To add 56, who tendered their Poll for the Petitioners, Mr. Coward and Mr. Peirs, it was proved,

They were all Members of feme of the Companies within the Town, were resident and exercised Trades there: That Six of them had been Masters, and 38 Wardens, of their Companies: That near 40 of them did, at different times before the Election, severally go to the Mayor’s Shop, and there demanded of him to be sworn

W.1I.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, Burgesses; and that 44, viz. 28 of the same Persons, and and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the 16 others, did afterwards join iu a Petition, directed to

the Common Council, for the same Purpose; claiming it as their Right by Servitude, or' by their having been admitted into the Companies before-mentioned.

Dai. 30th September 1714. The Petitioners Counsel produced an Ordinance under the Corporation Seal,

said Amendments.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, and the revoking a former Ordinance, That the Masters and War-Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report dens of Companies should be Burgesses j which had been

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petitions of Wm. Coward and Wm. Peirs, Esquires, and of Richard Comes, and others, Inha-

the

found inconvenient; and, for the future constituting, they may be Burgesses, or not: And from hence they inferred, That, before this Time, the Masters and Wardens were Burgesses.

30* September 1712. Another Ordinance of the Common Council is entered in the Town Book, That every bitants of the City of Wells, in the County of Somer- inferior Burgess shall be nominated, chosen, elected, and Jet, complaining of an undue Election and Return made, by the Mayor, Masters, and chief Burgesses, of the of Thomas Horner and Maurice Berkley, Esquires, Common Council, at their Convocations, or common

Assemblies, in the same Manner as they then were, and Merits of the had been for 20 Years past; and by no other Person or Persons, nor in any other manner, whatsoever.

And there is a Penalty annexed of 100l. upon the Mayor admitting, and 50/. upon the Person claiming Freedom, in any other manner; and all Elections of inferior Burgesses to the contrary are made void.

This Ordinance recites, That this Way of Admission That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the was the ancient Usage and Cultorn of the Town; and Maj for, Masters, and Burgesses: But, that an ancient Ordinance, for the same Purpose, had been

The Sitting Members Counsel insisted, It was necessary loft, or destroyed, by the Alterations made in that Cor-they should be sworn Burgesses;, which was denied by poration in the Times of King Charles and King James. the Petitioners: And, The Petitioners Counsel complained of this Ordinance,

To prove what the Petitioners Counsel alleged, That as an Usurpation, whereby the Common Council of the the Commonalty of Wells have a Right of voting, whe- Corporation had engrossed to themselves the whole Power

for the said City:

That the Committee examined Election:

That the Poll was,

For Mr. Horner, j. Mr. Berkley, - Mr. Coward, - Mr. Peirs,

44:

43:

22:

13:

ther sworn or not sworn Burgesses;

The Journal of 18th February 1695 was read:

When the Question contended for was, Whether the

of the Borough; to the Prejudice of Persons who have Right to Freedom; which Right ought not to be con-trouled by the Common Council.

The

2 Geo.'I. 300

The Petitioners Counsel objected to Six of the Sitting Members Voters, for Non-residency;

It was proved they were not refient; but were, several Years ago, sworn Burgesses, had voted in former Elections, and were objected to in 1710, as being honorary Burgesses; and that One of them had served in Parliament for this City.

The Sitting Members Couniel insisted, That the Right of Election is in the Community, or Select Body, and not in the Commonalty; to be of which Community, it is necessary to take the common Burgesses Oath, according to the ancient and constant Usage as well before as since the Charter:

This, they said, was, in a great measure, proved on the Petitioners Part; and, referring to what had been offered, they added the following Evidence; viz.

Twelve Returns to Parliament:

Three before the Charter; viz.

1° Maria. Magister8' edit as:

l* 8$ i° Phil. 8$ Maria, § 14° Eliz. Magister 8$

burgesses elegerunt: And,

Nine Returns after the Charter; viz.

3‘J* 8\ 43* Eliza,i* Jac. 3* 8' 15* Car. 13* Car. II diSix Returns; Major, magistri, 8' burgesses, elegerunt:

25* 8'3*° Car. Ilr/i. Two Returns; Mayor, Masters,

and Burgesses, elected; being the major Part of the Burgeflfes, Citizens, and Electors:

7* Anna. Major, magistri, 8$ burgesses, elegerunt.

To prove the Antiquity of swearing the Burgesses, and that it did not come in with the Charter; the Form of their Oath is recorded in the Town-books, in the Reigns of Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth, and King James the First.

The Sitting Members Counsel alleged. That Admission into any of the Companies within this Town gives a Freedom to exercise Trade there; but that a Biirgeship carries with it farther Privileges, and, peculiarly, Exemptions from inferior Offices; for which they anciently paid Fines; and, by the Constitution, cannot have Burgeship, but by Admission at the Convocations, or General Assemblies, of Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, in Common Council: And several ancient Entries were read in the Town-books, of Admissions at such Convocations, and Gifts given, and Fines paid, for the Burgeship, in the Reigns of Queen Mary, Queen Eliz. King James the First, and in subsequent lleigns: And it appeared, That Freedom had been once refuted; and in several Instances, was granted, upon a Second or Third Petition for it:

And it was alleged by the Counsel, That if this ancient and uninterrupted Usage be inverted, this Town will be in the utmost Confusion, and want Persons to serve inferior Offices.

And it was proved by Wm. Sage, and Mr. Jo. the Town Clerk, the First of which spoke to 40 Years U sage, and the other to 15; That, in all their time, none ever voted but the Mayor, Masters, and sworn Burgesses; and that the common and constant Reputation has always been, That no others have any Right of voting; and that no others ever pretended to vote till lately: And,

Mr. Gutch added, That, according to the Constitution of the Town, and in all his time, all Admissions to Burgeship must be, and have been, at the Common Hall, by Vote of the Majority of their Convocations, or Assemblies, of Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses being of the Common Council; and that, out of such Convocation, or at any other Assembly, or by the Mayor alone, none can be, or ever have been, admitted in his time:

He farther laid, That the Petition for Burgeship, signed by the Persons before-mentioned, was not preferred at any such Convocation, but at a Quarter Session; which is an Assembly of a different Nature from their Convo-. cations: And said, He never knew any such Petition offered at any such Session before.

It'appeared, by the Journal 0^1695, That, in the then controverted Election, Richard Fryer, aged 68 Years, Voo. 18.

Mail. 453

and who is since dead, testified, That he knew Sir Ralph Hopton, and Mr. Baker, elected, before the War broke out, by the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses; and believed, he was present at Mr. Hall's Election j and that he was elected in the same manner: And,

It was then allb proved by Mr. the then Town

Clerk, That Three of the Candidates declared they would be elected by the sworn Burgesses; and the other Candidate, the then Petitioner, laid nothing, but polled as a Burgess; and though there were a great many Freemen present at the Poll, and at the sealing the Return, their Claim was not insisted on: But it was then proved, dn the other Side, That the Freemen had demanded a Poll, and signed an Indenture, for the Petitioner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of is

in the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, of the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Horner Esquire is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That Maurice Berkley Esquire is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm.Coivard Esquire was duly elected a Citizen to

serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Peirs Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve

in this present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, b in the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, of the said City.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Homer Esquire is not duly elefled a Citizen to serve in thb present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 96-

Tellers for the Noes,| j 4«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the By-law, made by the governing Part of the Corporation oilFells in’1712, pretending to infliCtOne hundred Pounds Penalty on the Mayor that nominates or makes any Burgess without the Consent of the major Part of the Corporation and 50/. Penalty on any Burgess that takes the Oath appointed to be taken by the Burgess, or that use, claim, or challenge, any Freedom or Privilege of a Burgess, without such Assent, b arbitrary and illegal.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend thb House To-mqrrow Morning, to amend the Return for the C ity of Wells, by rafing out the Names of Thomas Horner Esquire, and Maurice Berkley Esquire, and inserting the N ames of Wm. Coward Esquire and Peirs Esquire.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which

5 Z Report

Well*

Election.

Reading

Election.

454 3°*

Reading Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in tltftion. at t^e 'fable: Where the said Report and Refo-

lutions were read; and are as follow;

Upon tl»e Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, who pay Scotland Lot, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Robert Clarges and Calvert Esquires, for the said Borough:

That the Committee examined the Mefits of the Election.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged this to be a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants only who pay Scotland Lot:

That the Sitting Members Counsel inlisted, That Freemen not receiving Alms have also a Right of voting.

To prove their Allegation, the Petitioners Counsel produced a Copy of the Roll of Fines, 37® Hen. IIL«; Homines de Railing dant Regi C. pro quodam brevi habendo, quod ipsi manutene in libertatibus,

quibus usi jucrunt temporibuspredecessorum regis, regum Anglia:

And the following Returns to Parliament; viz.

33° Edward Ift, and 10 Edward lie//; 19 Edward I Id, l° <Sf 43° Edward llltii, Pro villa:

1® Ricardi I idi. Per villa pro

communitate ejusdem villa.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled on the ancient Usage of the Tow n, and the last Determination in Parliament: And called,

Simon Finch, Wm. Gandy, Win. Grover, Tho. Holloway, and Edward Lewis: Who spoke for Thirty and Forty Years past; and said. That, before the Determination of the House, in 1708, all Housekeepers, and alj Freemen, and the eldest Sons of Freemen, being of Age, were always allowed to vote; none were ever objected to, though they received Alms; and the common Reputation was, That they all had a Right of voting.

In 1708, the House determined the Right of Election to be in the Freemen and Inhabitants; such Freemen not receiving Alms, and such Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, is in the Inhabitants only, paying Scotland Lot.

That the Petitioners Counsel admitted a Majority against Mr. Cadogan; and proceeded to disqualily the Sitting Members, on account of Bribery, and corrupt Practices: And called

John Morley: Who said, That John de-

clared to him, and several others, That, on the Night before the Election, he received of IVm. Gandy, who made Interest for the Sitting Members, Six Guineas between himself and Joseph Spire, to vote for the Sitting Members.

John Pigot said, That, after the Proclamation was out for a new Parliament, he had his Freedom given him, to vote for the Sitting Members; for which he promised his Vote; and, about Three Weeks before the Election, Gandy gave him Three Guineas to be true to his Promise; -and he was so.

Wat. Bcote junior said, That, before the Election, Gandy promised him a Reward to vote for the Sitting Members; and, after lie had voted, gave him a Guinea.

Henry Morley said, Daniel Graves told him, the Night before the Election, at a Publick-house, That Gandy had given him a Guinea to vote for the Sitting Members; and shewed the Money.

John Elkins said, That Mr. Gandy and Mr.

save him ll. 13s. to vote for the Sitting Members; le gave a single vote for Mr.; and then Mr.

Curtis, w ho solicited Votes, for Mr. Cadogan, gave him Two Guineas for voting:

That Thomas Hall told him, Gandy gave him 2 /. if.

<L d.to vote for the Sitting Members:

Mail. A. 1716.

That Richard Buckle, junior told him, That Wm. Nokes, who made Interest for the Sitting Members, gave him Thirty Shillings to vote for them: And,

John Samples owned, He had Money to vote for the Sitting Members; but did not say what.

John Morley said, That John Smith told him, He had received feme Money to vote for the Sitting Members; but did not say what, or of whom he had it:

This Witness, being cross-examined, owned, That Mr. Curtis gave Money, on the other Side, for Votes for Mr. Cadogan; particularly, Two Guineas to James Hill for one Side of his Mouth, as the Phrase was for one Vote; and that Hill had Beef and Strong Beer for the other Side of his Mouth; and voted for the Sitting Members.

James Quarrbtglon said, That Mr. Gandy asked his Vote for the Sitting Members, and gave him a G uinea for it; and also paid him a Sum of Three Pounds, for which the W itness had formerly given him a Discharge; thinking the n, that he was not obliged to pay it; but, now, upon Gandys a Iking his Vote, he infilled to have that

Money; and Gandy paid it.

Jacob Stanborough said. That, in the Morning of the last Day of the Poll, Richard Szeeed offered him Four Guineas for one Side of his Mouth for the Sitting Members; but that not doing, Peter w ho asked Votes

for them, afterwards gave him Five Guineas; which he produced, and said. They carried his Vote.

That the Sitting Members Counsel called the following Witnesses; viz.

Richard Alder; Who voted for Mr. Cadogan singly; and said, That Mr. Jo. Curtis, who distributed Money about the Town for Votes for Mr. Cadogan, asked the Witness’s Vote, and gave him, at Two different times. Two Guineas for one Side of his Mouth; and afterwards, upon the last Day of the Poll, gave him Four Guineas more for both Sides of his Mouth; and told him, He would double what any other offered:

That, when Mr. Curtis gave him the First Money, he lent for him to the Black Boy at Reading, w'here Curtis had a Bag of about 50 or 60 Guineas before him, and about 30 Voters; the Witness withdrew, upon receiving his Money, and did not fee any given to the others:

He added, That they never before had such Gifts for voting; and that he was afraid they should never have the like again.

Wm.Hall said, That Mr. Curtis solicited Votes for Mr. Cadogan; and gave him, at Two different times, Three Guineas for one Side of his Mouth for him; with a Promise, That he*should have as much as any body; and afterwards, in the Morning before the Election, Doctor Harrison brought him Four Guineas more upon the same Account; which not satisfying the Witness, because he was to have as much as any Body, he offered to return the Six Guineas; upon which Major Hall, who solicited Votes for Mr. Cadogan, threw him another Guinea; saying, It would be a Scandal to him, if One of his Name should be against the General:

That, he believed, there was a Quart of Guineas in the Bag which Mr. Curtis had at the Black Boy, and gave away to those that went in to him:

That Francis Bingley told him, He had been in, and received a Guinea: And,

Richard Wright told him, He had Three Guineas for his Vote for Mr. Cadogan.

John Cooper said, Tho. Holloway told him, He had Three or Four Guineas for his Vote for Mr. Cadogan; but did not say from whom:

That John Elkins shewed him Five or Six Guineas; which, he said, Mr. Curtis gave him to vote for Mr. Cadogan:

That, on the last Day of the Election, Stephen Atwater offered him Six Guineas to vote for Mr.; and the Witness saying. He would, not do it for 50, Atwater gave him Three Guineas to go out of the Way a fishing that Afternoon; which he did, having voted for the Sitting Members the Day before; which Atwater not

discovering

a Geo. I. 30° — 3

discovering till afterwards, he came and told the Witness, there was a Mistake in taking his Money after he had voted on the other Side: To which he answered, That he had not mistaken, if t’other had: That he went a fithing, according to his Bargain, and would keep the Money: But the Witness returned him Two of the Three Guineas, upon Atwaters making a Work for them, and saying That the General had promised him a Place in the Custoni-house; and it would be a Loss to him.

Tho. Hallway, being called, confessed, That Mr- Cur-

tis gave him Three Guineas to vote for Mr. Cadogan; which he did.

Jeffery Haskins said, That Mr. , at Two different times before the Election, gave him Four Pounds to vote for Mr. Cadogan", and afterwards, during the Poll, the Witness declaring that his Mind was changed, and he would return the Money, Mr. Curtis gave him Five Guineas more, and Elkins gave him another Guinea; which Elkins then also gave Robert Lovegrove a Guinea, who had declared he would not poll till he had more Money:

Being cross-examined, Haskins said, He was offered Beer, but no Money, on the Sitting Members Side.

JVm. lVatmorcsaid, That a Night or Two before the

ElcCHon, Major Hall gave him Six Guineas to poll for General Cadogan.

John Pit her said, Mr. Curtis gave him Five Guineas to vote for General Cadogan:

James Corderysaid, Mr. Curtis gave him Forty Shillings at one time, and Six Guineas at another, to vote for General Cadogan:

And he saw Curtis give John Smith Forty Shillings for his Vote; but he voted for the Sitting Members.

It appeared by the Evidence, That Mr. Cadogan was not at Reading at the time of the Election; and that most of the bribed Voters, named on either Side, were only Freemen, and not Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, at the time of the Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thelc Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Clarges Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Felix Calvert Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Reading.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That JVm. Cadogan Esquireis not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Reading.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refblution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Reading, in the County of Berks, is in the Inhabitants only paying Scotland Lot.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being feverolly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the late Election of Burgesses for the said Borough of Reading is a void Election.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Debtors A PETITION of the poor Prisoners confined in Petition. jLX the County of Worcester, in behalfof themselves and many Thousands of poor Prisoners within this Kingdom,

Vol. 18.

1a Maii. 455

was presented to the House,.and read; setting forth, That the poor Petitioners, by Badness of Trade, and great Losses, are rendered uncapable of paying their just Debts, having been confined, feme Eight, feme Nine, and feme 10 Years and upwards; having large Families of Children, chargeable to the several Parishes where they severally reside: And praying to relieve the Petitioners, by obliging the Petitioners Creditors to accept of the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and restore the Petitioners to their Liberty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in Debtor* the Gaol of Litehfeild was presented to the House, and Petition, read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, having by several Losses and Misfortunes, been brought under an Incapacity of paying their Debts, have lain several Years in Prison, to the utter Ruin of themselves and Families; the Petitioners are ready to deliver up to their Creditors, upon Oath, all their Effects, in order to obtain their Liberty: And praying to find such Relief as to your great Wisdom shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to W«llt Return Order, amended the Return for the City of Wells, in the amended. County of Somerset.

Mr. Cholmley reported, from the Committee, who were Cenduft of appointed to inquire into the Causes of the unusual Li- Serjeant at berty that has been allowed of late to Persons committed Arm8‘ to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; whereby they have had Opportunity to make their Escapes; the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have examined several Witnesses j and find the Fact as follows; viz.

Mr. Nicholas Ryal said, That, soon after the Resolution, in 1688, he was a Deputy to Mr. Topham, then Serjeant at Arms of the House of Commons; and so continued till the time of his Death; and that he took several Persons into Custody during that time: That Mr.

Topham was a Housekeeper in Bartlett's where

he kept Four or Five Prisoners in Custody at a time; and when he had not room at home, he used to fend them to One of his Messengers Houses, and not otherwise; and that the Prisoners never went abroad without Leave of the House; except in the same of Two Maltmen, who were great Dealers, and committed upon the Complaint of Sir JVm. Whitlock, a Member of this House; and then the Speaker, upon their Application to him, gave them Leave to go out about their Business; but Ryal always went with them; and they returned the same Night in Custody:

Mr. Ryal further said, That Sir John Parsons, Alderman Sturt, and Mr. Fane, Commissioners of the Victualing, being ordered into Custody, upon their Petition to the House of Coihmons, Leave was given them to be confined at their own Houses, which were within the Bounds of the Victualing Office; and that Ryal lay at One of their Houses every Night, and, every Morning, reported to the Serjeant, That he had leen his Prisoners:

And, except in the Instances above-mentioned, he knew of no other Enlargement to the Confinement of any other Persons in Custody.

Daniel Kingham said, He was a Messenger in the Convention Parliament, under Mr. Topham; who kept his Prisoners at home, and never let them go abroad without a Messenger.

John Hollingjhead said, That he was a Messenger under Mr. Serjeant Topham about 27 Years ago, when he lived

in Bartlett's Buildings: That Mr. Topham used to order his Prisoners to a Messenger’s House; but does not know he ever gave Liberty for any to go abroad without a Mefe fenger to attend them; and cannot remember, that Mr.

Topham

456 Ii* Mail.

Topham ever kept any Prisoners at his own House, in his time, except Mr. Grahme and Burton.

John Cox said, He was a Messenger under the late Serjeant Poxcell; and that Mr. Mason, now a Member of this House, was committed to his Custody; but that he never went abroad without Cox to attend him.

That Mr. Serjeant Hi burgh, being examined by the said Committee, touching the Matters aforesaid, gave the following Answer; viz.

That Mr. I Cm. Walter was, by this House, ordered into his Custody, upon the 24th Day of May 1714, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Edward. Vaughan Esquire; and the said Waller (landing out in Contempt of the House, upon fresh Application, he was ordered into Custody the Two succeeding Sessions of Parliament; upon the last of which Orders he surrendered himself, and has ever since been in Town, ready to appear when sent for; thou ah he never was confined to close Custody:

That Mr. Walter Price, an Attorney, gave the Serjeant his Word for the said Wallers Forthcoming; which was all

the Security the Serjeant had; who sent Three several times into Wales to take him, and received, for Charges and Fees, aliout 60/. by way of Competition; of which he might get about 20/. clear, above Charges, as he believes:

That Mr. Robert Parker was, upon the 14th of April 17C5, ordered into Custody for a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Chohnley; and he timendered himself into

Custody of Tho. Gregory, One of the Messengers; who, being a poor Man, and no Housekeeper, put him into a Friend’s House of his, whole Name the Serjeant never knew; the said Gregory telling him. That his Prisoner should be forthcoming, at any time, upon Demand, as the Housekeeper, the said Gregorys Friend, had promised him: That the Serjeant received his Caption-fee of 3/. 6s.

8d.; and was promised, that it should be made up a greater Sum, when the Matter was over: And that this was all the Security he had from Parker; who is run away: That, on the 24th of May 171.5, Joseph Calton, Mayor of Hertford, was ordered into Custody for a Breach of Privilege; but the Serjeant did not fend for him, by reason that Mr. Ccefar and Mr. Gulston promised, that he should surrender himself; which he accordingly did in Two or Three Days; and that he never kept him in Custody; but Hollingsheadthe Messenger had the Care of

him; though, by the Serjeant’s Approbation, Calton was not kept in Custody at Hollingsheads House; nor does he know where he was kept for Ten Months after his Commitment; but that Moffet, One of his Messengers, has now the Care of him; but knows not where he is kept: And the Serjeant said, He received 33 Guineas upon Calton s Account; and believes Hollingshead had 10 Guineas; and believes that the Money was Air. s; but gave

a Receipt in Gallons Name.

Robert Moffet., being examined, laid, lie never had

Mr. Calton in his Custody.

That the Serjeant being asked, What was become of one Herrington a Printer, ordered into Custody the ill o( July 1715;

He said, That Berrington surrendered himself loon after the Order, and was committed to the Care of the Messenger; but, upon Mr. Gaxcen Mu foil's promising, That he should be forthcoming, lie gave him his Liberty; and does not know where he now is: That he received 20 Guineas of Berringt; but returned Two Guineas back again, by reason of his Poverty:

Moffet laid, The Serjeant gave Berrington Leave to go heme.

And the Serjeant further laid, That he was no Housekeeper, and never kept in close Confinement any Persons committed to his Custody.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Tho. IVybcrgh, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, having, by unwarrantable and corrupt Practices, permitted divers Perl'ons, committed to his Custody for notorious Contempts of the Privileges of this I Ionic, and other great Offences, to have their Liberty, and Dischargo, w ithout any Order of the House for lueli Discharge, or any Leave from the Speaker for such Liberty, hath thereby rendered ineffectual the just Censures of this House, and has been guilty of a great Breach of Trull in the Execution of his Office;

And the previous Question being put, That that Quel-

on be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Cro vn, to make out a new Writ, for the eleCling Two Burgesses to serve in this piefent Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Robert Clarges Esquire, and Felix Calvert Esquire; whose Election for the said Borough hath been declared void,

A Bill for the Attainder of Thomas junior,

Esquire, and William Mackontish Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh, of High Treason, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Number, Qualifications, and Manner, of choosing Com-irjissioners for executing the Powers in the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick:

Resolved, That the Number of the said Commissioners be Thirteen.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That no Member of this House be a Commissioner for putting in Execution the Powers in the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeai, (Iff) } ,05.

Tellers for the Noes, ] < > 7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, by Tuesday next, at One of the Clock, prepare Lists of Thirteen Persons Names, to be put into Glasses, to be eleCled Commissioners for putting in Execution the Powers in the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manulactures.

And

Reading

Writ.

Attainder of Forfter and Mackmtoih.

Forfeited

Estates.

Laws against Papists.

Woollen

Manufacture*.

Sunderland's

Debts.

Forfeited

Estates.

Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

Disabling Persons haring Pensions from being Members.

Attainder of Fortier and JJackintofh.

Expedition to Caaad%.

2 Ge6. I. i° — 2° — 40 Jurtii. 457

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmeris, i° die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pra y ers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for veiling certain Lands and Tenements of Peter Sunderland Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon before the Making of his Marriage Settlement, and by virtue thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wentwor junior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill forappointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself intc^a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bjll for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of) or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T 1 ' ..... — " —

Sabbaliy 2* yunii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

H E Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esquire, and William Macidntojk Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mof High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir John Ward reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants trading to, and iefkiing in, New England and New York, on behalf of

Vo u 18.

themselves and others, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next. r

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had difeCfced him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die yunii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

MR. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas junior, Esquire,

and William Mackintosh Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh, of High Treason, was committed, the Amendments they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments where once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual fecuiio« the Peace of the Highlands, and the North Parts of Scotland, was committed, the Amendments they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place; ana afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of the said Amendments wTas disagreed with; and the rest, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

b A

Securing the Peace of the Highland*.

Attainder of Fortier and Mackintosh.

Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

Laws against Papitis.

Disabling Persons having Pensions from being Members.

Wfabling Person* having Pen lions frtfm being Members.

Relief of late Lady Bolingbroke,

Forfeited

Estates.

]\lembers

summoned.

Forfeited

Estates.

5° Junii. 1716.

Mart is, 50 die yunii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported. from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Frances St. John, the Wife of Henry late Viscount Bolingbroke, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s said Husband was, by an Act of tills present Session, attainted of High Treason: And that the Petitioner brought him a very good Fortune, contifting of a real Estate in Land, as well as Money; and the Petitioner, to supply her said f lulband’s ()ecafions, did not only consent to fell great Part of her own real Estate, but did likewil'e join with him in felling Part of her Jointure: And the Petitioner, upon her Iiuf-band’s said Attainder, did represent her deplorable Condition to his Majesty, to grant her the remaining Part of her said Husband's real and personal Estate for her Support: And his Majesty was pleased to give Direction, that proper Instruments should be prepared for that Purpose: And, by a Clause in a Bill now depending, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, Sc. the Petitioner’s said Husband's Estate will be vested in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to enable his Majesty to pursue his gracious Intentions for the Petitioner’s Relief, in such manner as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; was committed; be received.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Thirteen Per-fous Names, to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Powers in the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into West mi nster-Hall, and the Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House:

And he went accordingly;

And, being returned;

The Clerk and Clerk Assistant went on each Side of the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members the said Lists of Persons Names to be the said Commissioners:

And the said Lifts, being received, were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the said Lifts:

And it is referred to Lord Wm. Penvlett, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Banks, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Mr.

Treby, Lord Stanhojfe, Mr. Ben/on, Colonsl Long, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Joh Cope, Mr. Monro, Mr. Ferguson, Mr. lumden, Mr. Cunningham, Sir

Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Boteler, Mr.

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fulier,]\lr. Herne, Mr. Core per, Sir

Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Nevill, Lord Down, Sir IVm. Gordon,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Fowler, Mr.

cott, Sir Char. Turner, Sir Wm. JMr. Haldane,

Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir John Eyles, Mr.

Di/ion, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hill, Mr. Ducane: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber; and report upon which Thirteen Persons die Majority falls.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration Conduct «>T the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to

inquire into the Causes of the unusual Liberty that was rms" allowed of late to Persons committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; whereby they had had an opportunity to make their Escapes.

A Petition of Tho. Wybergh, Serjeant at Arms attend-

ing this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is most heartily sorry for his having incurred the Censure of this House, for having unwarrantably discharged some Prisoners committed to his Custody; and permitted others to have their Liberty, without any Authority for that Purpose: Which Censure the Petitioner doth most humbly acknowledge to be just, in the manner your Honours have been pleased to pass the fame; and, in Alitigation of his said Offence, humbly begs Leave to offer to your Honours, That the Lenity, which, he was informed, his Predecessors had used to Persons ordered into their Custody, led him into these fatal Errors; but the Petitioner humbly assures your Honours,

That the just Sense he now hath of his said Misbehaviour, hath wrought in him a mflft fmcere Resolution to behave himself as he ought for the future: And praying, That, in Compassion to the Petitioner’s Circunistances, your Honours will forbear any further Resentment against him; and humbly begging Pardon; and throws himself on the Mercy and Goodness of this honourable House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. William Waller, who was commit- ptrfnns ted to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this unduly dif. House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, com- c,arP‘ltl remitted against Eduard Vaughan Esquire, a Assember of C0Iuaulle this House, and who was unduly discharged out of Custody by the said Serjeant, be committed a Prisoner to the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That Joseph Calton, Mayor of Hertford, who was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at. Arms, attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, in making an undue Return of Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, and who was unduly discharged out of Custody by the said Serjeant, be committed a Prisoner to the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That E. Berrington,a Popish Printer, who was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for printing a false, scandalous, and traiterous. Libel, intituled, The Evening Post, from Tuesday June 28th, to Thursday June30th, 1715, highly reflecting on his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, and who was unduly discharged out of Custody by the said Serjeant, be committed a Prisoner to the

house.

Ordered, That Robert Parker, who was committed to the Custody of the Serjeantat Arms attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Hugh Cholmly Esquird1, a Assember of this House, and who has escaped out of Custody, be committed a Prisoner to the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrants for the Commitments of the said William Waller, Joseph Cal-top, E. Berrington, and Robert Parker, accordingly.

Mr.

3 Geo. I. 5° — 6° — 8° Junii.

4 59

Forfeited Mr. Comptroller reported, from the Committee of the Elites. whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; was committed; the Amendments they had made thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-ration, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, - - -174

Patrick Haldane Esquire, - - - 172

Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, - - - - 171

Robert Munro Esquire, - - - - 157

Henry Cuningham Esquire, - - - 1.54

Denis Bond Esquire, - - - - 151

John Birch Serjeant at Law, - - - 149

And Sir John Eyles Baronet, - - - 139

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the Report of the said Bill be taken into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Prohor* *\/T R- IVrigh/Jbn reported from the Committee, to Fflate. 1V1 whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas of Rock, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, to raise the Sum of . Four thousand Pounds out of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Disabling Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported from the Persons Lav- Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill to disable frSm b«b °8 any ^>er^)n ^rom being chose a Member of, or from fitting Membenf and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pen-lion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once reftd throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Attainder of An ingossed Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Forfter and junior, Esquire, and TYilliam Mackintosh Esquire, com-Mackmto . lnonjy called Brigadier Mackintosh, of High Treason, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title.be, An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esquire, and William Mackintosh Esquire, commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh, of High Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ballot for

Commissioners of forfeited Estates.

Mr. Banks reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Lilts of Thirteen Persons to be Commi Hi oners to put in Execution the Powers in the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; and to report to the House on which Thirteen Persons the Majority fell; That they had examined the Lilts accordingly; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as follows;

Richard Grantham Esquire, ... 226

George Treby Esquire, - - - - 2.11

Arthur Ingram Esquire, - - - - 204

George Gregory Esquire, - - - 1.91

Sir Richard Steele Knight, - - - - 181

Vox- J8,

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to tdke into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Mary, the Wife of the late Duke of Ormond, notwithstanding her Coverture, might, from the enjoy,

during her Life, all such Rent, or annual Sum, and Pre-mifes/in Ireland, not exceeding, in the Whole % per Annum, as, by any Settlement executed by the late Duke before the Day of or by any Act of

Parliament made in England, or Ireland, was or were provided or secured for or to her, or for her Jointure, in case (he survived the late Duke: And that there should be forthwith raised for, and paid to, Elizabeth, the only surviving Daughter of the late Duke, such Portion, not exceeding as in or by any Settlement executed by

him before the said Day of or any Act of

Parliament made in England, or Ireland, was provided, or intended to be raised, for her Portion, out of any Estate late belonging to the late Duke:

The said Clause was twice read:

And a Debate arHing in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England and New York, on behalf of themselves, and others, w’ere referred, be adjoitmed until Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtnerisy 8° die Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, That David Murray, in Tomshelburn, in the County of Nithisdale, or Roxborough, have forcibly taken Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir William Johnstone, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingossed Bill to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, from the Crown, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Forfeited

Estates.

Woollen

Manufactures.

Expedition to Canada.

# Privilege.

Disabling Persons having Pensions from being Members.

Dr. Sherlock thanked.

Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

Forfeited

Estates.

460 8° — 90 Junii. A. 1716.

Refoboed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who has any Pension for any Number of Years from the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Sherlock, Dean of Chichester, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he bp desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Ashe, General Carpenter, and Mr. Aijlabie, do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That such Persons as his Majesty shall appoint under his Royal Sign Manual, shall, on or before the Day of lay before him an Account of the proper

Places for establishing Schools; and of the necessary Salaries for the Maintenance of them:

And the said Clause was twice read; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. To leave out " thefb," and insert " the and, after " Counties," to insert " herein after-named

Pr. 5. L. To leave out " they are," and inlert " he " is

Pr. 8. L. After " Attendance," insert " of:"

L. To leave out " Sentiments," and insert " Sentences

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate, of Wednesdaylaft, upon the Clause offered, on

behalf of Mary the Wife of the late Duke of Ormond, and his Daughter, to be added to the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates cf certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Eftatfcs given to superstitious U fes; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick:

And the said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That Application having been made to his Majesty by the late Duchefe of Ormonde, and her Daughter; by the late Lady Marrt on behalf of herself and her Daughter; and by the late Lady Bolingbroke; his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty is graciously (lifposed to shew feme Favour to those Ladies, and their Daughters, in case a Power be reserved to his Majesty to make a Provision for them out of the Estates of the late Duke of Ormond, late Earl of Marr, and late Viscount Bolingbroke, respectively:

And a Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, pursuant to his Majesty s gracious Intentions;

The same was twice read, and amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all hereditable Jurisdictions, commonly called Con-ltabularies, Regalities, or Admiralties, which were in the Possession of Traitors on the Day of

and which are become forfeited, shall, after the Day of be foppressed and extinguished, and so

remain; but all forfeited Sheriffships and Stewartries shall subsist and remain, and shall be annexed to the Crown; and the foppressed Constabularies and Regalities shall be subject to the several Sheriffships or Stewartries, within the Bounds of which they lie:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were tilled up;

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to enable the King to make Grants to the Widows of forfeiting Persons;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 33-

TellersfbrtheNo} 46.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall not be deemed incapacitated to lit and vote in Parliament:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if any Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person, for what he shall do in Execution of this Act, such Person, so feed, may plead the General Issue,:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Then the Blank left in the Bill for the Commissioners Names was filled up with their Names.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 90 Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 171G.

Prayers.

A PETITION of JViUiamWaller, in the Prison of the Gatehouse at Westminster, who was committed

for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Eduard Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That on the 24th of May 1714, the Petitioner was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in entering upon the Pofli (lion, and working the Lead-mines, of Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, in Com' Montgomery; but the Petitioner, not

paying his Fees, was recommitted in Two succeeding Sessions; which Fees the Petitioner has since paid; but, being a Stranger to the Rules of this House, did not apply to your Honours for his Discharge; w hereby this House has committed the Petitioner to the Prison of the Gatehouse, where he now is: And praying, That this 20 House,

Laws against P-tpilu.

Privile gc — a Person ia Cuitodj, petitions for Discharge-

Woollen Manufactures.

FroCWa

Estate.

A Person in Custody to be brought to the Bor.

Laws againfy Papilis.

Woollen Manufactures.

Frauds in Tobacco-making.

Desertion of Soldiers, &c.

Repairing

Highways.

2 Geo. I. 90 — 1i® — 12® Junii. 461

House, in regard the Petitioner is aged and infirm, will A Petition of the poor infol vent Debtors in his Majesty’s Debtors take the Premises into Consideration, whereby he may County Gaol at for the County of Southampton, Petition*

be discharged from the said Confinement. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* That the Petitioners do represent to your Honours the

Misery of Confinement; and that-your Honours will be The Order of the Day being read; pleased to make some Provision for the Relief of poor

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- insolvent Debtors; there being near Thirty in the said ing next, rel'olvc itself into a Committee of the whole Gaol; and that the Petitioners are willing to make the House, to consider further of the Bill for the better En- utmost Satisfaction they are able, couragement of the Woollen Manufactures- , That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lurue, 11°;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pit AY E R8.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas ProQor, of Rock, in the County of Northumberland', Esquire, to raise the Sum of Four thousand Pounds out of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Ordered, That the Keeper of the do bring

the Body of Mr. William JValler, in his Custody, to the

Bar of this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his being discharged.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rt/ohed, That this House will upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into*a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant - Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing die Laws now in being against Papists.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bilk for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures.

And then the House adjourned till.Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 Martis, 12° die Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and ’

Mr . Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves, or other tilings, to resemble Tobacco: and the Abuses in Making and Mixing of Snuff; with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Alio, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual and exemplary Punilliment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, Aiall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service; with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual; and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City of London, and Suburbs thereof; with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 18.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Fra, ds Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Tobacco-An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves, making, or other things, to resemble Tobacco; and the Abuses in Making and Mixing of Snuff:

And the same were read; and are as follow j *

Ordered, That Mr. John Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to in- Forfeited quire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Estates-Reculants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the L fe of the Publick; was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to be added to the Bill, That all Leases for Years, not exceeding at certain yearly Rents, which have been made by the Duke and Duchess of Somerset, of their Estates in the County of Northumberland, to any Person convicted or attainted of High Treason, shall, from and after of the Persons interested therein the said Duke being accountable, in his' Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Value of the Estates and Interest such Tenants have forfeited.

The said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended, by inserting the Name of the Earl of Carlisle in it, and make it agreeable to the same of the said Duke and Duchess, and the said Earl:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Strickland:' } 48.

TeUersforteeN^ },o5.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Mortgages for securing the Payment of just Debts, and all other Conveyances for valuable Considerations, made by Persons attainted, of any Estates, since the and before the respective Days ‘on

which the same would, by Law, have become forfeited, shall be good and valid:

The said Clause was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the 3.5th and 36th Presses at the End of the Bill, which contained the Clauses following; viz.

" And to the end, That no Child or Children of any " Parent or Parents professing the Popish Religion, who " have professed or embraced, or who shall profess and " embrace, the Protestant Religion; or who are, or shall " be, desirous and willing to be instructed and educated " therein; may, in the Life-time of such Person or Persons professing the Popish Religion, for fear of being " disinherited by such Person or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, or, for want of a fitting Maintenance, or future Provision, be compelled and neceflitated to embrace the Popish Religion, and be deterred

6 B "or

Forfeited

Eftntew

4 62 120 — 1$° Junii. 1710.

of or with-held from owning and pfofefling the Protestant " Religion; Be it further Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day u of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen,

upon Complaint made in the High Court of Chancery, " by Bill, founded upon this Act, against: such Popish " Parent, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court " to make such Order for the Maintenance and Education of every such Protestant Child not maintained " by such Popish Parent, suitable to the Degree and u Ability of such Parent, and to the Age of such Child; " and allb for the Portion of such Child, being educated " a Protestant, to be paid at the Decease of such Popish " Parent, as the said Court shall adjudge fit . suitable to the Degree and Ability of such Parent: And, " in case the eldest Son and Heir apparent of such Po-' pilh Parent shall be a Protestant, that then, and in " such case, such Popish Parent and Parents shall become, " and be adjudged, by force and virtue of this Act, to " be only Tenant for Life of all the real Estate whereof " such Popish Parent is, or shall be, seised in Fee-tail, or " Fee simple; or whereof any Person or Persons is or " shall be foiled in Trust for such Popish Parent or Parents; and the Reversion in Fee, and every Term or " Terms for Years attending such Inheritance, shall be " veiled in such eldest Son, being a Protestant; subject " neverthelefe to all such Debts, and real Incumbrances, " as would, on the Twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, have affected the " Estate, in case this Act had never been made; and sub-

jest also to such Maintenances and Portions for other M Children, whether Protestants or Papists, of such Popish Parents, then born or after to be born, as the said " Court of Chancery, in manner aforesaid, shall order " for them respectively; such Portions not to exceed the " Value of One third Part of the Inheritance of speh " Estate, which shall be held or enjoyed accordingly, " discharged of all voluntary Settlements made by such " Popish Parent; and also of all Sales and Incumbrances " made or suffered by such Popish Parent or Parents, " other than such Sales and Incumbrances as have been, " bona fide, made for good and valuable Consideration, '* before the said Twentieth Day of March oe thousand " Seven hundred and Fifteen. Provided always, and be " it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That " no eldest Son of such Popish Parent or Parents shall take Benefit by this Act, being of the Age of Eighteen Years, unfels such Son (half, before the Twenty- ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred " and Sixteen, take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, mentioned in and by an Act, made in this prefont Sessions of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the " further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of " the late Princess Sophia; and for extinguishing the " Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open " and focret Abettors; and repeat and subscribe the Declaration, set down and expressed in an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of " the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting " in either House of Parliament, in the High Court of " Chancery, or at the Quarter Sessions for the County " wherein he tliall most usually have resided; and, if " under the Age of Eighteen Years, within Six Months after his having attained to the Age of Eighteen Years " aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary " notwithstanding :n

And the Quelhon being put, That the said Clauses do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Clauses were cut off from the Bill at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do palsAnd that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estatea of certain Traitors, and of Popish Rccufapts;

and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them foverally, for the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and defiie their Concurrence.

After which, the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That they had, according to Order, prepared a Replication to the Answer of Thomas Earl of Strafford to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

THE Commons have considered the Answer of Thomas Earl of Strafford to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefl’es, in Parliament assembled; and do aver their Charge against the said Thomas Earl of Strafford, for High Crimes and Mil'demeanors, to be true; and that the said Earl is guilty of all and singular the Articles and Charges therein respectively contained, in such tnauner as he Hands impeached: And that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charge against him, at such convenient times as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Replication be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to - whom the Petitions of several Merchants trading to, or residing in, New England and

r O 1 o 7 O

New York, on behalf of themselves, and others were referred, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the Hoyfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 Junii;

Anno 20 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE ingrafted Replication to the Answer of Thomas Earl of Strafford to the Articles exhibited against him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlabie do carry the said Replication to the Lords.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert; or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 31. Leave out " May," and insert "June;" Pr. 3. L. 6. Leave out " once

L. 7. Leave out " May" and insert " June." The said Amendments, being foverally read a Second titne, were, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Molyneux took the Chair of the Comriuttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr,

Earl of Strafford’* Impeachment.

Expedition to Canada.

Earl of

Strafford’s

Impeach-

ment.

Desertion of Soldiers, 4c.

Laws against Papists,

' . a Geo. I. 130 — 140 Junii. 463

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

Expedition to Canada.

Mr. Molyneux reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That the Keeper of the Gatehouse attended, according to Order, with Mr. William Walter in his Custody;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Waller be brought in to the Bar, and receive a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And the said Mr. Waller was brought in to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, did receive a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 140 die yunii;

Anno 2® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

H E Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England and New York, were referred:

And the said Report was read; and is as follows;

viz.

Upon the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New England and New York, on account of Monies lent by the said Merchants to the Government, for the Service of the Expedition to Canada:

That the Committee have taken into Consideration the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

It appeared, That the Petitioners did fumish the Government with very considerable Sums of Money for the Expedition to Canada; and received Bills of Exchange for the fame, drawn by General Nich

Governor of New York, Sir Hovendon Walker, and others, Agents and Ministers for the Crown, on the Treasury Board, and other Offices, pursuant to her late Majesty s Instructions to them for that Purpose.

It appeared, that her late Majesty, in her Letter of Credit, did promise punctual Payment of the said Bills; but the Petitioners have not as yet received any more than a Part of some of the said Bills, and of others no Part at all, after a long and tedious Attendance; having been near Five Years out of their said Money.

That the Committee, being desirous to come to a full Understanding of the Cafe, and being acquainted, That Mr. Banister could inform the Committee in feme Fa61s relating to the Bills of Exchange, lent for him: And he, appearing, said,

That he was in New England at the time when General Hill, and Admiral Walker, were there: That the General Court, or Assembly, made a Loan to the Merchants of 40,000 /. free of Interest, for Two or Three Years; which Money they paid for the Bills of Exchange they received for the Government here; l’o that the Merchants were nothing in Disburse:

That the Rate of Exchange was settled by the General Court at 401, per Cent. Advance; and their own Members subscribed 18,000 /. towards the Supply which was demanded; and the rest was subscribed in Six Hours time, without giving any publick Notice, that the Subscription was open; at which the Merchants in general were much difoufted:

That, afterwards, General applied to the General Assembly for 10,000l. more for carrying on the Expedition; and publick Notice was given of this new Subscrip-Vol. 18.

tion; and he has heard, that betwixt 50 and 100,000l. Was subscribed to the fame:

That 40 per Cent, was below the Value of the Exchange; which was, at that time, from 55 to 60 per Cent, among Merchants; and these publick Bills preferable to private ones, in Consideration that no Money was to be paid for them till after Three Years.

Mr. Hummer, who appeared for the Government and Merchants of New England, replied, That the Loan made by the Government of New England to the Merchants, was at first but 40,000 /.; when that Sum was found to be insufficient for the Ends proposed, they did, at the Desire of General Hill, and Colonel Nicholson, add 10,000l. more:

That the Loan was given at first only for Two Years; and that, though the Time of Payment was prolonged for One Year more, it was not done till the Merchants had first paid in Half their Money; and had set forth, in a Petition, That they had been paid but Tw'o-t birds of any of their Bills, and of some no Part at all; and that 5 /. per Cent, had been struck off from others; and that their Correspondents in England had been at great Charge in soliciting the same:

That the Merchants had since paid in a Sixth-part more of their Debt; and believed all was paid before tins time: Said, That if no Part of the Loan had been paid in, yet it could not be said, that the Merchants had advanced no Money, because the Loan was but 50,000 /.; whereas the Draughts were for above 75,000 /.

In Answer to what wfas alleged in relation to the Aflem-bly. That they took the Advantage of the Loan to themselves, without allowing the Merchants their equal Share, Mr. Dummer produced an attested Lift of all the Persons

w’bo had the Benefit of the Loan; by which it appeared there were but Eleven of the Assembly, out of Seventy-four, that were concerned in it:

That the 18,000 /. was not subscribed by the Members of the General Court singly, but in Company with other Merchants of the Place, as appeared by die aforesaid Lift:

lie further called several Merchants, to whom the Bills for the 18,000l. were indorsed; who gave an Account, That abotit 12,000 /. of it were for Account of other Persons; viz. the Merchants in New England and here; so that the Merchants neither Mere, nor could be, disgusted at the Assembly, in relation to the Loan, as was pretended:

He further said, That the Merchants, having advanced Money for the Expedition to Annapolis , the Year before; and they having no Advice of their Bills being paid; were unw illing, and many of them unable, to trufc the Government on a new Score; especially when so large a Credit was demanded: Others declared, If they did. trust the Government, they would allow but 20/. per Cent, for the Exchange of Money: And that, for the Encouragement of the Merchants, as well as to raise the Value of the Bills, the Government of New England came into this Loan.

Mr. Dummer also produced a Letter, wrote by Brigadier Hunter to the Lord Treasurer; giving an Account of what publick Service the Loan in New England was; and that he, for want of such a Help in his Government of Nero York, could get but 30 /. per Cent, for his Bills.

As to the other Objection, That the Bills were drawn at an inferior Exchange, he undertook to prove, by the Merchants then present, That publick Bills were then at % 40 /. per Cent.; and had been so both before and since: That private Bills were no higher than 50 /. per Cent.; which were at least 10/. per Cent, better than the Publick: As to the publick Bills, he instanced in those drawn by Colonel Nicholson, for the Expedition to Annapolis Royal, the Year before; which were drawn at 40/. per Cent, and so accepted, and paid. They likewise produced a large Lift of Bills of Exchange on the Navy, Victualing, and Board of Ordnance, since the Expedition, at 35, 40, and 45, per Cent.

That

1

1

Expedition to Canada*

464

140 J

A. 1716.

That they produced likewise a Contract, made between the Navy Board and Mr. Benjamin for supply-

ing the Man of War at Boston with Money, at 45 per Cent. Exchange; which being but a single Ship, it must be fypposed, that when a whole Squadron arrives, the Suddenness and Greatness of the Demand must alter the Exchange at least 5 1.per Cent.; it being well known among Merchants, that the Value of every thing alters according to the Demand:

That, as to private Bills, Mr. Bummer produced Twenty Sets of Bills drawn by Mr. Borland, an eminent Merchant ?.t Boston, in the Year 1711, when the Expedition was, and in the Year following, for 50/, per Cent.; and likewise Five Sets of Bills drawn by Mr. a Merchant of undoubted Credit, in the same Year, and at the fau\e Rate: He likewise appealed to the private Bills drawn jn that Year by General Nicholson, and his Secretary Mr. Netniaper, at 40/. per Cent.; which were ho-.nourably paid: He then laid. That, ip all private Bills, the Culioin is to give Bond to pay Cent, per Cent, in case the Bills are not paid to a Day; because less than that would not make Satisfaction to Merchants for the Disappointment of their Bills: That this makes 10, if not 15 /. per Cent. Difference. Several Sets of Bills were also produced* drawn by Mr. Nicholas Robarts on Mr Mead and Company, payable to Mr. Sand others, at 40/. pei' Cent.; drawn about, the time of the Expedition; by which it appears, That the Rate of the Exchange was rather under than above 50 I. per Cent.

That, as to the New York Bills, which were drawn upon the Treasury, it appeared to the Committee, That the same were all paid in Money, and the Exchange settled by Colonel Hunter, the Governor of New York, at 30/. per Cent.:

But the Merchants received Two-thirds of the said Bills of Exchange, and that in Sout h Stock, when the same was at a great Discount; and were struck off 10 (.

\Cent. of the Exchange; and made it 140 York

Money, for 100l. Sterling, instead of 130/. as drawn.

That the Committee, in order tp set this Matter in a true Light, and to state the Fa6t to thp fioufe, did examine into the Instructions given by her late Majesty, ^ind her

Ministry, to the Governors of New England and New

York-, as also to General Hill, General Nicholson, Colonel Arnott, Sir Hovendon Walker, and other Officers concerned in the late Expedition; and it did appear, by the several Instructions given to them, That they, the said Colonel Hunter, Colonel Dudley, General Colonel Nicholson. Colonel A mot, S\v Hovendon IFalker, and others,

had sufficient Authority from her late Majesty to draw Bills of Exchange on the Government for such Sum and Sums of Money as they thought necessary, and to provide Stores as they should have Occasion for, in North America, for the Service of the said Expedition to Canada:

But the Committee did observe, That the aforesaid Instructions were not countersigned.

That, upon the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That there were Seventeen Bills of Exchange drawn by Colonel Arnot, from New England, on the late Paymaster of the Army, amounting, in the Whole, to 23,947 I 11 s. 11 d. Sterling; whereof Two-thirds of the said Bills, amounting to 15,631 /. 14s. is paid;

So there remains due thereon the Sum f. s. d. of - - . - " 8,315 17 3i

That there is One Bill of Exchange drawn by Colonel Hunter and Colonel Nicholson on the said late Paymaster for 130/. 10s.; whereofTwo-thirds, amounting to 87 I. is paid: So there remains due thereon the Sum of - - - 43 10 — r

That there is one Bill of Exchange drawn by Sir Hovendon Walker on the Commissioners of the Ordnance for 2,260/. 19 s.nd.; whereof Two-thirds of the said Bills, amounting to 1,507/. 6 s. id. is paid: So there remains due thereon the Sum of - 753 13 4

There are Four Bills of Exchange drawn by Wm. Haivs on the Commissioners of the Ordnance, amounting to 1,028 /. 5 s.8 d.whereof Two-

thirds, amounting to 685 /. 10 5^ d.

is paid: So there remains due thereon the Sum of -

There are Two Bills of Exchange drawn by Colonel Dudley and Colonel Nicholson on the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, amounting to 469 /. 8 .3; w hereof

Tw'o-thirds, amounting to 312A 11 od. is paid; So there remains due the Sum Of - -

There are Eight Bills of Exchange drawn by Colonel Dudley on the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, 'whereof no Part is paid, amounting to the Sum of -

There are Twenty-four Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Hovendon Walker, Daniel Mahon, and John Horton, on the Commissioners of Victualing, amounting to 13,520/. 18$. the Exchange of which Bills being altered from 40 to 45 I.per Cent, reduces that Sum to 13,054/. 13#. 4 Two-thirds whereof, amounting to 8,7031, is. 10 d.being paid, there remains due thereon the Sum of -

d.

342 15 2I

156 9 5

4,499 J-7 -5

4,35i 1* 6

So the Total due on the before-mentioned New England Bills of Exchange," amounts to the Sum of - 18,463 14 2f

ft appears also to the Committee,

That there are 116 Bills of Exchange drawn by Colonel Hunter, from New York, on the Treasury, amounting to 17,049/. 12 s.if d.;the Exchange

of which Bills being altered from 30 to ’40/. per Cent, reduces that Sum to 15,831 I 12 s. 3 id.-, Two-thirds whereof being paid in South Sea Stock, amounting to 10,554/. 8$. 2ft there remains due thereon the Sum of - 5,277- 4 if

There are Five other Bills of Exchange drawn by Colonel Hunter, from Neco York, on the Treasury, of which no Part is paid, amounting to the Sum of 370/.} which, if altered to an Exchange of 40 /. per Cent, makes the Sum of - - - * - - 343 j 1 4{

So that the total Sum remaining due on the before mentioned Bills of Exchange, drawn from New

York amounts to the Sum of - 5,620 15 6f

The Committee do observe, That there is one Bill of Exchange more, for 5,957/. 11#. ^d. drawn on the Commissioners of the Navy, payable to Benja. Edmonds, being for Account of Mr . Andrew Two-thirds of which Bill has been paid: So there remains due to Mr. Fanusll, upon the said Bill, the Sum of 1,917 /. 7 s. id.:

But the Commissioners of the Navey did object against the Payment thereof; and said, That the same was not a regular Bill:

That Mr. Fanuel was an Agent for Sir Hovendon ’ Walker:

That the Account given in by Mr. Fanuel was very extravagant:

That the said Mr. Fanuel has charged 5 /. per , Commission-money for his own Goods:

That, for these Realons, the Commissioners of the Navy did inlist, That the said Mr being employed

as

Laws against Xapiii*.

Repairing

Highways*

2 Geo. I.

as an Agent by Sir Hovendon Walker, ought to pass his Account with the said Commissioners, according to the Course of the Navy, before he received any more Money upon that Bill:

In Answer to which Objections, Mr. Fanuell said, That the whole Sum was paid to Sir Hovendon s. Order; and every Voucher fays, received of him: He believes the Bill for 5»957 I- i )£- 4 d.will be judged to be a good Bill of Exchange: The Draught is on the Navy-board: There are Four of the same Tenor and Date: It is payable to Mr. Fanuel, or Order: The Rate of the Exchange is mentioned; and the Value is owned to be received: Which Particulars are humbly conceived to be all that is essential in a Bill of Exchange: However, Mr. Fanuel took it for a good and regular Bill; and that Sir Hovendon intended it as such, is evident from his giving it that Name in the Body of it.

Mr. Fanuell admits, That he received Two-thirds of his Bill in like manner as the other Bills were paid; which, he thinks, plainly (hews the same was reckoned a Bill of Exchange by the Government.

Mr. Fanuell lays. That if there were a greater Quantity of Materials, and other Stores, furnished, than the Service of the Fleet required, as has been objected, that must lie upon Sir Hovendon Walker; by whole Order every thing was fumished, as he owns himself in the Certificate annexed to his Bill of Exchange.

Mr. Fanuel further fays, That if the Stores were charged at excessive Prices, as has been also objected, that mult lie upon the Auditors, wdio were appointed by the Governor at Sir Hovaidon’s Request; he the said Mr. Fanuel made no Prices for any thing; but only paid the Money to the respective Tradesmen, after their Accounts had been examined, approved, and signed, by the Auditors.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papilts, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4*>5

L. last, Leave out " or monthly Meeting:"

Pr. 5. L. 33. After " General," insert " or:"

Pr. 6. L. 37. After "at," insert "such;" and, after " Sessions," leave out " or:"

L. 38. Leave out " monthly Meeting:"

Pr. 7. L. 19. Leave out from "and" to " be," in 24th L.; and, in the same Line, leave out " therefore," and insert " further:"

L. a6. Leave out " such Cities," and insert " any City, or Market Town :"

Pr. 8. L. 11. Leave out " lb offending:"

L 26. Leave out " the," and insert " such " their;" and, in the same Line, leave out " or monthly " Meeting :"

Pr. 9. L. 23. Leave out from " whatsoever" to " and, " in the First Line of the next Press:

Pr. 10. L. 10. After "the," leave out "laid;" and, after "City," insert " of London

L. 14. Leave out from the Word "Aft," mentioned in the Second Place, to the End of the Bill; and insert "as if this Act had not been made:"

In the Title of the Bill, Line 2. Leave out ffopa "effectual " to the End of the Title.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Eye Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Edward Hopkins Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland

Mr. Aifiabie reported, That he had, according to Or- Earl of der, at the Bar of the House of Lords, delivered to their Strafford'* Lordships the Replication of the Commons to the An- 1

fwer of Thomas Earl of Strafford to the Articles of Im- men

Eeachment for High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhibited y the Commons against the said Earl.

»4# — 150 — 16° jutiiL

Vimeris, 150 die Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, j 716. Prayers.

rT,lIE House proceeded to take into Consideration X the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual; and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets of the City of London, and Suburbs thereof:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 18. After " Anne,"insert "Queen:" L. 23. After " Writing," insert "upon Oath:" Last L. Leave out from "to" to "next," in the 6th Line of the 2d Pr. and insert " the Justices at their:"

Pr. 2. L. 7. and 8. Leave out " or monthly Meeting " of Justices, to be held in that/Division," and insert " to " be holden for Amendment of the Highways, according " to the said recited Act:"

L. 26. Leave out " or monthly Meeting:"

L. 28. After " at," insert " such and, in the same and next Line, leave out " or monthly Meeting:" Pr. 3. L. 6. After " at," insert " such :"

L. 7. Leave out " or monthly Meeting":

L. 12. I^ave out from " Reparations" to " and, " in the 29th Line of the 4th Press:"

Prc-fe 4. L. 35. After " at," insert " such :"

L. 36. Leave out " or monthly Meeting:"

L. 42. After " at," insert " such Vol. 18.

Mr. Molyneux, according to Order, reported, from Law* against the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Papist* strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists, was committed, the Amendments made thereunto; which he read in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati 16° die Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

rri H E House being moved, That so much of the Act, Repeal of 1 of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign rest ruining of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and belter going abroad, securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, might be read, as enacts, That no Person, which should thereafter come to the Post’eflion of the Crown should go out of the Dominion of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament;

The same was read accordingly.

6 C Ordered,

i6° — 18°

— 19 ° Junii. A. 1716.

Repeal of re- Ordered, Nemine con That Leave be given

straining . to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as Clause on the enacts4 That no Person who should come to the Posses-abn»d.80lD* fion of the Crown shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament: And that Sir John Cope and Mt. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Planting of

Timber-

Tree*.

Bridlington

Pier*.

Baronef* of Schulen-burg’s Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Planting of Timber-trees, Fruit-trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit; and for the better Preservation of the fame; and for the preventing the Burning of Woods; without any Amendment.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, and continue, an Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the lleign of his late Majesty King Wm. for Repair of the Piers of "Bridlington, alias , in the

East Riding of the County, of York, without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Erengard Melojine Baroness of Schulenburg;

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

jRichard Sand ford, Lord Shannon, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Honywood Colonel Morton, Colonel Grant, Sir John Brmcrilcrw, Sir Robert Corbett,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Addison, Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Jejfop, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Monroe,

Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Allafon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lechmere: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir John Cope presented to the House, according to Repeal of Order, a Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the reftmining Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, as enacts, That no Person who should come to the rofftffion of the Crown shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the 'Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Erengard Melojine Baroness of -

burg, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Law* against An ingrossed Bill for strengthening the Protestant Tn-Tapilb. terest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 5. L. To leave out " Defendant," and insert " Demandant

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for strengthening the Protestant Interest of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Laws now in being against Papists.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martts, 190 die;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 17 j 6.

Prayers.

PETITION of Felix Calvert Esquire was pre- Rodlog

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Election. the last Election of Members for the Borough of Reading, in Com Berks, Charles Cadogan, Owen Buckingham, Ef-

quires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected for the said Borough by a Majority of uncorrupted Votes; but the said Mr. Cadogan and Mr. Buck'mgham, by Bribery, and other undue

Practices, by themselves and Agents, have procured themselvesto be elected; in Prejudice to the Petitioner:

Andi praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Well* Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Wm. Coward Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 18* yunii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 4 716.

Prayers.

Collection* {ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the on Brief*. Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Fourth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents; and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities; was committed; be revived.

Baronefr An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Schulen- for naturalizing Erengard Melojine Baronets Schulenburg, k-.g’* Nat. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer, Lord Wm, Powlet, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Yonge, Lord

Stanhope, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Naylor, Sir

A Petition of Edward Berington, a Prisoner in the Privilege — Gatehouse, was presented to the House, and read; setting a Person In forth, That the Petitioner being Printer of a Paper called Custody The Evening Post; in which Paper he printed a Letter, i^Laree. which had been printed and published by other Persons; but contained some Reflections; by which means, the Petitioner fell under the Censure of this House; and being ordered to be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the fame: That the Petitioner is very poor, and has a great Family, and nothing but his Labour to support them: And that the Petitioner never before fell under the Displeasure of the Government, although he has followed the Trade in the Reign of King William to this present Time; and that he is very sorry that he hath incurred the Censure of this House: And praying, in regard of his Circumstances, and his numerous Family, That he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Gatehouse do bring the said Edward Berington, in his Custody, to this House upon Friday Morning next, in order to his being discharged.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom Baronef* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for of Schulea- j naturalizing Erengard Melojine Baroness of Schulenburg, bur8’* Kat* was committed, That they had gone through the Bill;

and

2 Geo. I. 190 — 0 Jmii.

Coinage

Duties.

Repeal of veil raining Clause on the King's going abroad.

and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at tlxe Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormef' and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money; and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; and for appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for the further limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, as enacts, That no Person who should come to the Possession of the Crown should go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved ', Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of the Act, of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, as enacts, That no Person who should come to the Possession of the Crown shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John Cope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Nina of the Clock.

Vinerts^ 2 20 die Junii;

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A MESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Mr. Lovibond:

Purpose; and no other Customs or Duties ware ever demanded for the said Goods during the said Trade; and that the Petitioners, and others concerned in the said separate Trade, fold the said Goods by the Candle; in which Sale,. had always a special regard to the Duties paid for the same, those being the Measure or Standard of their Profit or Loss; and, after such Sales, according to the Measure of those Duties, from time to time, paid and balanced all the net Produce of their respective Traders, and Dealings amongst all Persons interested: That Sir Edward Nerthey, his Majesty’s Attorney General, in or

about February 1714, upon an Information by him exhi-. bited against the East India Company, their Accounts being then open, and not adjusted with his Majesty, or the late Queen, in relation to the Duties before-mentioned, and on Suggestion of some Fraud committed in the Payment of the said Duties, obtained a Decree in the Court of Exchequer, against the said East India Company, for a new Way of computing and paying those Duties in the alge-braick Way, according to a Scheme then approved of by. the said Court; but the said Decree was not to extend to private Persons, or separate Traders, licensed as aforesaid: That long after the Expiration of the said separate Trade, viz.in Easter Term last, the said Attorney General hath exhibited a great many Informations in the said Court of Exchequer, against the Petitioners, and others, to compel them to pay greater Sums of Money than they all along paid during the said separate Trade, on account of the Duties of the said unrated East India Goods, pursuant to the said new algebraick Method of Computation; although the Petitioners had long before that time, paid the Duties demanded of them for the said Goods, in Discharge of the Securities by them given for the fame: And the Petitioners were mostly Agents for other Persons in . entering the said unrated Goods; and their Correspondents, and Dealers in the said separate Trade, being many of them dead, and others become insolvent, and others have withdrawn themselves into Places remote; so that, if such Prosecutions should be carried on, and Recoveries had, against the Petitioners, and many others, for those new-demanded Customs, during the Continuance of the said separate Trade, the Petitioners, and many more Families, must inevitably be ruined; there being no Probability that the Petitioners, after such a Length of Time, could ever be reimbursed, or have any Recompence of the Parties then interested; and which, if it were possible, would be the Occasion of innumerable and endless Suits of Law: And praying to take the Premises into Consideration.

Highy’s

Insolvency.

Customs on

unrated

Goods.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby from his Imprisonment;

and to vest his Estate and Effects in Trustees, for his Creditors; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir George Mathew Knight, Sir Richard Houblon Knight, Bartholomew Swartz, John Stafford, Peter Hambly, and Thomas Clarke, of London, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Merchants, late separate Traders to East India by Licence, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament in that behalf made, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the separate Trade to East India was established by several Acts of Parliament; particularly by One Act of the Second of Queen Anne, which separate Trade expired at Michaelmas 1714, and was always exclusive, and independent of the East India Company: That during the said separate Trade, great Quantities of East India Goods, as well rated as unrated, were imported into this Kingdom; and the same were entered at the Custom-house by the Petitioners, and others, and Securities given for the Payment of the Customs and Duties of the fame, as usual; which were afterwards duly paid as they were required, and adjusted by the proper Officers of the Customs according to the ancient Method used for that Vot. 18.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lards by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland, with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of th'13 House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That John Camegy Esquire, of Boyfack, who is returned a Member of this House for the Shire of Forfar, had been in Arme in Scotland, on the Part of the Rebels, during the late Rebellion; and that there were Two Persons at the Door who ootild prove the same;

They were called in; and examined at the Bar; and ve the House an Account, That they had seen the said r. Carnegy in Arms at Perth, on the Part of the

Rebels.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the said John Carnegy be expelled this Hoafe.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to

his Attorney General, That the said John Carnegy be immediately prosecuted for High Trealbn.

Ordered,

Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

A Member expelled for being in the Rebellion*

Address that he should be prosecuted.

4-68 22° — 23 ° . 1716.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Forfar Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of John Camegy Esquire, expelled this House.

Securing the The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Peace of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Highland*. ^ft for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland:

And the same were read; and are as follow;

Pr. 3. L. 26. After " Time," insert " or oftener:" Pr. 4. L. 25. After " nor," insert " of any Officers, " or their Assistants, employed in the Execution of " Justice: Nor shall this Act be construed to

L. 40. After " Burghs Royal," insert " be

" kept:"

Pr. 5. L. 9. After " to," insert " keep, or :"

Pr. 9. L. 30. Leave out " Lord Justice General

L. 33. Leave out " exonered," and insert exonerated."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Lord Powlet do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

The House being acquainted, That the Keeper of the - Gatehouse attended, according to Order, with Edxcard Berington in his Custody;

Ordered, That the said Edward Berington be brought to the Bar, and receive a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And the said Edward Berington was brought in to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker accordingly.

And then the Houte adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 230 die Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Buck* Writ. /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks, in the room of Richard Hampden Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Tellers of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker.

Forfeited The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ut' for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; without any Amendment Also,

Reverting The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for yf®" the more effectual reversing, and making void, the At-Attoinder, tainder of Charles Earl of Macclesfeild, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time:

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, That his Majesty had been acquainted with the Contents of this Bill before it was brought into the House of Lords; and that he had graciously plealed to consent to its being brought in.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Dormer: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Repeal of for repealing so much of the Act, of the T welfth and "fira>n,ng Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King the Third, tjje K!ng"s

intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, going abroad, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, as enacts, That no Person u ho should come to the Possession of tire Crown shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Attainder of for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esquire, and ForUer William Mackintosh Fl'quire, commonly called Brigadier "lacklntolh* Mackintosh, of High Treason, without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dif.Mng to disable any Person from being ehofe a Member of, or Persons tiav-from fitting and voting in, the House of Commons, who hath any Pension, for any Number of Years, from the Crown, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Registering to oblige. Papists to discover and regiller their Names, Papins and real Estates, with several Amendments: To which the E<latfS* Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Carts, Drays, Hacki ty Cars, and Waggons, within the Cities of London, and Coachmen. Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Diays, Cars, and Waggons; with several Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

ing Pension* from being Members.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Re-fte to the Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Papiits to discover p pins, and register their Names, and real Estates, be now taken fcnates. into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration:

And the same were once read; and are as follow; vis.

Pr. 2. L. 27. After " Persons," insert " not having " taken the Oaths herein after-mentioned before the last Day of Trinity Term 1716, in the manner by Law " required:"

L. 31. Leave out " or," and, after " being," . insert " or arising:"

Pr. 3. L. 1. Leave out " now," and insert " on the " 24th of June 1716;*' and, in the same Line, leave out " 18;" and insert "21

L. 2. Leave out " November," and insert " January:"

L. 5- Leave out " now," and insert " on the " said 24th of June

L. 8. After " Age," insert " and have such " Estate or Interest as aforesaid:

L. 29. and 30. Leave out " Estate in:"

L 30. After " lie" insert " or arise:"

I.. 36. After " Oaths," insert " and so, from " time to time, within Six Months after he, she, or they,

" or any Trustee or Trustees for him, her, or them, or " his, her, or their, Benefit or Advantage, shall come " into the Possession or Perception of the Rents or Profits of any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments:" '

L. ult. Leave out " in which," and insert " whereof:"

Pr. 4. L. 1. Leave out " shall then have any Estate " or Interest legal or equitable," and insert " or any

" Trustee

2 Geo. I.

2J° Junii. 469

" Trustee or Trustees for him, her, of them, or his, her, " or their, Benefit or Advantage, shall be in Possessiort, "Or in the Receipt or Perception of the Rents or " Profits

L. 3. After " being,’* insert " or arising Pr. 4. L. 6. Leave out " or," and, after " Township," insert "or Place:"

L. 8. After " lie," insert " or arise L. 16. After " Lease," insert " then by whom " such Lease was made :"

L. 17. Leave out " upon such Lease," and insert " thereupon

L. 19. Leave out " the," and insert " such and after " thereof," insert " in case the same was made " by himself, or any Person in Trust for him; or that " he was Party or privy thereunto *," and, in the same Line, and next Line, leave out " and, if unlett, the true " yearly Value thereof:'*

Pr. 7. L. 6. After " Rolls," insert " and shall likewise enter such Warrants of Attorney upon Record

L. 7. After " Registry,*’ insert " and Entry " on Record:"

L. 8. After " Registry," insert " and Entry on " Record:"

I. 35. Leave out from " Office" to the 2d " and, " in the 27th Line of the next Press:

Pr. 8. L. 28. Leave out from " who" to the Second " shall," in the 36th Line, and insert " is or are hereby " required or intended to take and subscribe such Oath, " and repeat and subscribe such Declaration, as aforesaid; " or, in Default thereof, to register, or cause to be registered, his, her, or their. Name and Names, Estate " and Estates, as aforesaid :"

L. 40. Leave out from " and’* to " Estate" in the last Line; and, in the fame, and Fil'd Line of the 9th Pr. leave out " or Interest legal or equitable:"

Pr. 9. L. 10. Leave out " so," and insert "wilfully :"

L. 11. Leave out " registering false," and insert " refuting so to do, or committing any Fraud in such " Registry

L. 11, 12, 13. Leave out. "all his, her, and " their, respective Estate and Estates, both real and personal," and insert " the Fee-simple and Inheritance of " all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not " registered, or fraudulently registered, whereof he, Ihe, " or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, " her, or them, was or were seised in Fee-simple at the " time of such Default, or Fraud, in registering as aforesaid, and the full Value of the Inheritance of all such " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not registered, " or fraudulently registered, as aforesaid, whereof he, (he, " or they, or feme Person or Persons in Trust for him, " her, or them, was not, or were not, seised in Fee-simple " at the time of such Default, as aforesaid :"

L. 18. After " Plaint," insert " Suit:"

L. 26. Leave out " real or personal:"

L. 34. Leave out " upon Oath :"

Pr. 1 o. L. 2. After " neglecting," insert " to register and, after " or," insert " fraudulentlyand, in the same Line, leave out " false :*’

L. 7. Leave out " all his," and insert " the and, after " Estate," leave out " truly," and insert " so " lued for:"

L. 22. Leave out from " Ejectment" to " provided," in the 25th Line:

L. 28. Leave out from " Persons" to "shall," in the 31st Line of the same Press, and insert, " who is or " are hereby required or intended to take and subscribe such Oath, and make and subscribe such Declaration, " or to make such Registry, as aforesaid

L. 32. Leave out " First," and insert " 18th Pr. 11. L. 4. Leave out " February" and insert " May

L. 5. Leave out " 16," and insert " 17:"

L. 10. Leave out " February," and insert

V May

Vol. 18.

L. 11. Leave out 16:" and insert " 17:’ Registering.

L. 19. Leave out " First," and insert " 18

L. 23. Leave out " Nand insert *'

" January

L. 29. Leave out " N," and insert " January

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses marked A, B, C,

D, and E:

A: " Provided, That in case such Person or Persong " so making Default, or committing any Fraud in registering, as aforesaid, after such Default or Fraud com-1 " mitted/and before he, she, or they, be thereof convicted,

" or any Ejectment or Suit brought for such forfeited " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, bona " for a just and valuable Consideration, convey over,

" grant, lease, or incumber, all or any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, omitted, or fraudulently " registered, as aforesaid; that then, and in such Case, the " Person or Persons so purchasing, or having such Grant,

" Lease, or Incumbrance, as aforesaid, not knowing, at " the time of such Purchase or Incumbrance made, the " said Offender to be a Person within the Description of " this Act, shall not be prejudiced, nor his, her, or their,

" Estate of Interest in the said Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, impeached, for or by reason of such " Forfeiture, as aforesaid; but, in that case, the said Of*

" fender shall forfeit the Value of the Inheritance of the " said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be dif*

tributed and recovered in manner as aforesaid :"

B: " Provided always, and be it hereby further EnaCfced and Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That " nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be " construed to extend, to compel any Person whatsoever " to register, or procure to be registered, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until he, or lbme other " Person or Persons, as Trustee or Trustees for him, or " his Benefit, or on his behalf, is, are, have, or hath been,

" or shall be, actually seised, and have Notice thereof, or " possessed, or in the Receipt of the Reuts or Profits, of " the same for the Space of Six Months."

C: " Provided, That nothing herein Contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend, to compel any Per-", son or Persons to register any Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments, whereof he, she, or they* shall be only " Farmer or Fanners, or Tenants at a Rack-rent, or who " only do or shall hold by Lease or Leases, whereupon " Two-thirds of the full yearly Value, or more, is, are,

" or shall be referred.*’

D: " Provided also, That nothing herein contained " shall extend.to defeat, or prejudice, any Protestant or " other Creditor, who, bona Jide, hath, or shall have, any " Charge or Incumbrance upon any real Estate or Estates " hereby directed to be registered; but then, in case of " such Charge or Incumbrance, the Person or Persons fb " making Default, or committing any Fraud in registering,

" as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Value of such Charge and " Incumbrance; One Third-part thereof to and among " the Person and Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act,

" sue for, and recover, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, forfeited, as aforesaid; and subject to such " Charge and Incumbrance, or any Part thereof, in proportion to the Part so by him, her, or them, recovered;

" and Two Third parts thereof to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 1"

E: " Provided also, and be it further Enacted and " Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person " or Persons, being in the East or West or Arne"

" rica, shall be compelled to take the said Oaths, and sign " the Declaration before-mentioned, and register his, her,

" or their, Estate or Estates at the time within mentioned;

" but shall have Twelve Months longer than the Tinie9 " herein before respectively allowed to Persons beyond " the Seas to take the said Oaths, and figri the said Declaration, and register their Estate and Estates; any thing " herein to the contrary notwithstanding."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of file said Amendments be adjourned until Monday Morning.

6 D And

X

Answer to Address.

Maidstone

Writ.

Regulating

Hackney

Coaciimcu.

New

Woodstock

Writ.

Plympton

Writ.

47° 45°

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* die

Anno 2° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

MR Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address had been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty would be pleated to give Directions to his Attorney General, That John Esquire may be

immediately prosecuted for High Treason; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He will give Directions for the Prosecution of Mr. Carnegyaccording to the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of , in

the room of Sir Robert Marsham Baronet, now Lord Romney, called up to the House of Peers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Carts, Drays, Cars, and Waggons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Drays, Cars, and Waggons: . And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 29 Leave out from " Mortality" to " and*" in the 33d Line: "

Pr. 2. L. 8. Leave out from " feme" to "that," in the 19th Line of the 3d Press:

Pr, 3. L. 21. After " are," insert " or shall be:"

L. 31. After " make," insert "such;" and, after " Ordinances," insert " from time to time

L. 36. After " fit," insert " lb as such Orders, " By-laws, or Ordinances, be made agreeable to the true " Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the former Acts " concerning Hackney Coaches; and be for the better putting in Execution thereof, and for the good Government and regulating the Persons licensed to keep " Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers " of such Coaches; and so as. they do not contain any " thing repugnant to the Laws of this Realm

L. 37. After "approved," insert "andput in ‘f Execution:"

L. 38. Leave out from " directed" to " and, " in the 14th Line of the 5th Prels.

Pr. 5. L. 29. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " and, " in the 7th Line of the next Press.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pcadett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House ha^h agreed to 4the feid Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Neio Woodstock, in the County of Oxon in the room of William Cadogan Esquire, now Lord Cadogan, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Richard Edgecomb Esquire; who, fmce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted of being One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer,

171

.The Order of the Day being read, for the Second reading the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual reversing, and making void, the Attainder of Charles Earl of deceased;

A Petition of Elizabeth D11 chefs of , Sir -

mas Orby Baronet, and the Lady lott his Wife, and John Elrington Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner the Duchess of Hamilton is Niece; and the Lady Charlott Orby is Sifter and John Elrington is Nephew, and also Co-heirs at Law, of Charles Earl of Macclesfeild, deceased: That the said Earl, by his last Will, deviled ail his Manors and Lands to Charles late Lord Mohun, fiuce also deceased, and his Heirs; and, after the said EarPs Death, the Petitioners, at great Expence, discovered, that, at his Death, he flood attainted of High Treason, committed against King Charles the Second; and that the Petitioners were advised, by reason of such Attainder, the said Earl had no Power to devise his Manors and Lands; and, if the Petitioners could obtain Leave from the Crown to bring a Writ of Error to reverse the said Attainder of the said Earl, his Blood would be refeored, and thereby his Estate will de-feend to the Petitioners, his Heirs at Law; and the Petitioners have not yet obtained Leave to bring such Writ of Error: But the Lady Mohun, who, under the Will of the

late Lord Mohun, claims both his paternal and the Macclesfeild Estates; and hath brought a Bill into the House of Lords, which is now font down to this House, intituled, An Act for the more effectual reversing, and making void, the Attainder of Charles Earl of Macclesfeild, deceased; which is to defeat the Petitioners of all future Hopes of Favour from the Crow n, and to secure to her-self the said Estates, being of great yearly Value, though lhc is a Stranger in Blood to the said Earl: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, which tends to make good the unnatural Will and Devise of the said Earl of Macclesfeild; whereby, as far as in him lay, he disinherited the Petitioners, his Heirs at Lawr, of the ancient Estate of their Family.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord William Powlett, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. , Mr. Churchill, Mr. Earl, Mr. Coupe", Mr. I Williams, Mr. Fairer,

Mr. Cater, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr. Denton, Sir

John Hobart, Sir Tho. Read, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Ojjley, General Carpenter, Mr. Booth, Mr. Benson, Sir Johnson, Sir Jof.Jekyll, Sir Robert Rich, Mr.

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Mr.

Lutwich, Sir John Bland, Lord Stanhope, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Aiflabic, Mr. Munro, Mr. Vojige, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Mason, Sir Henry Ashhurst: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resumed 'the adjourned Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords', to the Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates:

And the said Amendments were severally read a Second time, as far as Clause A:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clauses A, B, and C, being severally read the Second and Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D being read the Second and Third time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

,r , c ,\ S Lord Poxclclt, 7 _Q

Tellers for the cas, £ ^It.: \

Tenets

Reversing Earl Macclesfeild% Attainder.

Registeri Pap lit Elutes.

2 Geo I. 25 — 2 6°Junii. — f. A — 180 471

Croat Wenlock Writ.

Old Sarom Writ

Tellers for the Noes

} 13.

So it was rdolved in the Affirmative.

Clause E, being read the Second and Third time, was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jejfop do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die "Junii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

/~\RD E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant , to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the defiling a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great in the County of Salop, in the room of the honourable Thomas Newport Esquire, now Lord of Peers.

Bracklcv

Writ.

Torrington, called up to the House

Lancaster

Writ.

Itev.rfing Earl Mao clesf.ild’s Attainder.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the defiling a Burgess to serve in tills present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Pitt Esquire; who, since his Elefition for the said Borough, hath accepted of being Governor of the Plantation of Jamaica.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of William Esquire,

deceased.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual reverting, and making void,

the Attainder of Charles Earl of deceased,

was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had direfited him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elefiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Right honourable Paul Methuen Esquire; who, since his Elefilion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. , Royal Afle*t Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: "lU*‘

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to declare from The Kin^t the Throne, That he had ordered the Lord Chancellor Speech — to deliver his Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament, in his Majesty’s Name and Words.

And the Lord Chancellordid accordingly read aSpeecb, delivered into his Hands by his Majesty from the Throne.

And, afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Pleasure, That this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the Seventh Day of August next: prorogued. And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued, to meet here on Tuesday the Seventh Day of August neaX.

Parliament further Prorogued*

Martis, y0 die Augujli;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher. of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

able House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commit Hon read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 18th Day of September next

And the Parliament was , accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 18th Day of September next

Parliament further prorogued*

Mortis, 18° die Septembris;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

able House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 16th Day of October next

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the J 6th Day of October next;

V01. 18.

Martis,

Parliament

further prorogued.

Parliament

further pro* rogued.

Parliament further pro* rogued.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament

Lord Steward's ' Deputation.

47a 16° OBobris. — 20* Novembris. — 8° Januarii. A. 1716.

Afartis, 16° die OBobris;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir

Oides, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

Martis, 20° die Novembris \

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir William Oides, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour*

able House, in the House of Peers, to bear the Commit fion read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the goth

Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 20th Day of November next.

able House, in the House of Peers, to bear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 8th Day

of January next

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 8th Day of January next

Mortis 8° die Januarii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

A MESS AGE from the Lords by Sir William Oides, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour*

By his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, Guardian of the Realm of Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Lieutenant within the same.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE P. C. R.

WHEREAS this present Parliament Hands prorogued to the Eighth Day of January next ensuing; We, with the Advice of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Eighth Day of January next, to the

Seventeenth Day of the said Month of January: And we have given Order to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing

able House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commit fion read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 17th Day of January instant.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 17th Day of January instant.

the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Seventeenth Day of January next ensuing, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for ShireS and Burghs, of the House of Commons; are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Seventeenth Day of

January next ensuing.

Given at the Court at St. James’s, the One-and-twentieth Day of December, 1716, in the Third Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

GOD save the Kin g.

TJENRY Duke of Kent, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Know ye, That 1, the said Lord. Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the honourable Hugh Esquire, Comptroller of his Majesty’s Houshold; Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Thomas Wheat, Sir Richard Farington, Baronets; the honourable Francis Robartes, Reginald Calthorp, John Leigh, Owen Merich, Thomas Ferrers, Philip Pepilhn, Joseph, Earl, Tho. Miller, Eftjuires; the Lora William the Lord Harry

Pawlett; Sir William Dainesi Henry , Richard

Reynell, Wm. Helier, Anthony Morgan, Geo. Bridges, Wm. Ash, Thomas Stephens, William Bray, Esquires; Sir

Thomas Read', Wm. Dowdeswell, Godfrey Clark, Samuel

Btacebridge, Wm. Ward, Clement Corrance, JoJ'eph Herne, James Jennings, Charles Esquires;

Sir Edward Williams-, William Fo

Richard Fleming, Richard Fbwfer, John Bigg, William Egetlon, William Thompson, John Wpjl, Geo.

John Eden, Henry Trenchard, Thomas D’Grey, Thomas

White, Richard Grantham, Esquires, Sir John John Henley, Thotnas King, Walter ChcMynd, Maurice Berkley, George Chafn, Thomas Horner, DemiU. Onjltnc, Thomas Rcwney, John Jenyns, Esquires; Sir Norris,

Matthew Aylmer, John Pepper, Shitfon Calmady, liam Okeden, Thomas Lewis, William Stanhope, Thomas Pajks, John Hungerford, Thomas Onslow, Esquires; Sir James Bateman, Sir John Coriton, Sir Thomas Crosse; John Curzon, William Inge, Thomas Brodrick, Horatio Townsend, Esquires; Sir Robert RichEdward Nicholas

Esquire; Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Robert Worsey; William Aewland, Thomas Wilde, Esquire; Sir Nathanael Mead; John Digby Esquire; jj Daniel Lord Finch, Thomas kinjon, John Selwyn, Henry Cartw

John Anstis, Francis Drewe, Richard Hampden, William Farrer, Jojfeph Addison, Gyles Earl, Thomas Lyddall, William Lowndes, Richard Edgcuntbe, Wm.'

Esquires; Sir Robert FurneJe; William Carr, Thames Lewis, Esquires; George Lord Carbery; Ralph Bell, John Rolle, William S/opcr, Stephen Bijfe, William Stephens, Charles Bertie, William Esquires; Sir

Alexander Commons', and W Esquire; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them; my Deputies, and Deputy, in iny place and stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute

2 Geo. I. 8® — 17* — 24°Jamario° Februarii. 473

0

tote, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the Statute; and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess', Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, of the Parliament appointed to meet the 17th Day of March 714; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person arid Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of

any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving the m,. Six, Five, Four., Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies, or Deputy, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full, manner, as if I my felt had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testiuiony w hereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Eighth Day of January, in the Third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Anno Domini 17-ff*

Kent (L. S.)

Jovts, 170 die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Parliament rT' H E House being met, according to the last Proro-lbrth*r A. gation, and in pursuance of a Proclamation hereunto prorogued, annexed, by his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, Guardian of the Realm of Great Britain, arid his Majesty’s Lieutenant within the same;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 24th Day of this inliant January.

And the Parliament was prorogued, accordingly, till Thursday the 24th Day of January instant.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Jovts, 2 40 dieJanuarii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

TilE House being met, pursuant to the lall Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Com-iniffion read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Wednesday the 20th Day of February next.

And the Parliament was prorogued, accordingly, until Wednesday the 20th Day of February next.

MeSage to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Stealing

Cattle.

King'*

Speech

reported.

Mercuriiy 20° die Febrtiarii j

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1716.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for that Purpose.

Then a Bill, for the more effectual preventing and punishing, the Stealing, and unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to declare, That he had commanded the Lord Chancellor to declare the Causes of his Majesty’s meeting his People in Parliament at this time, as they were contained in a Speech, which his Majesty delivered into the Lord Chancellor’s Hands from the Throne; and his Lordship read the same to both Houses: And that, to prevent any Mistakes, Mr. Speaker laid, he had obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

Vol. 18.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I was in Hopes, that the Success which it pleased God to give us, in defeating the late Rebellion, might have secured to the Nation Peace, Plenty, and Tranquillity.

My Endeavours have not been wanting, during your Rccels, to improve the happy Prolpeft which was in View, by entering into such Negotiations, as I judged most conducive to those good Ends j and ’tis with Pleasure I can acquaint you. That many Defects in the Treaties of Utrecht, which very nearly aftefted the Trade, and even the Security, of these Kingdoms, have been remedied by subsequent Conventions; the happy Consequences of which have already very sensibly appeared, by the flourishing Condition of our Trade and Credit

By the Alliance lately concluded with , and the

States General, we are soon to be eased of all future Apprehensions from Dunkirk and Mardyke: The Pretender is actually removed beyond the Alpshis Adherents are deprived of all Hopes of Support and Countenance from France; and even the Assistance of that Crown is ftipu-lated to us, in case of Exigency.

It seemed reasonable to expect, that such a Situation of Affairs, at home and abroad, should have recovered from their Delusion all such of our Subjects as had unhappily been seduced by the Craft and Wickednels of desperate and ill-designing Men; and thereby have afforded me the Opportunity, which I desired, of following the natural Bent of my own Inclinations to Lenity, by opening this Session with an Act of Grace: But such is the obstinate and inveterate Rancour of a Fastion amongst us, that it hath again prompted them to animate and stir up foreign Powers to disturb the Peace of their native Country: They will choose rather to make Britain a Scene of Blood and Confusion, and to venture even the putting this Kingdom

6 E under

Designed Invasion by Sweden.

Addrtfs on the King'* Speech.

474

2oB — 21° Februafit. A'. 1715.

under a foreign Yoke, than give over their darling Design of imposing a Popish Pretender.

I have ordered to be laid before you Copies of Letters, which have passed between the Ministers on this

Occasion; which contain a certain Account of the projected Invasion: And I promise myself, from your experienced Zeal and Acte&ion to my Person and Government, that you will come to such Resolutions, as will enable me, by the Bleiing of God, to defeat all the Designs of our Enemies against us.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I did hope, the putting an End to the late Rebellion would have so far secured the Peace and Tranquillity of the Nation, that I might, confidently with the Safety of my People, have made a considerable Reduction of the Forces: But the Preparations which are making from abroad to invade us, oblige me to aik such Supplies, as you shall find absolutely necessary for the Defence of the Kingdom.

You are all sensible of the insupportable Weight of the National Debts, which the Public became engaged for, from the Necessity of the Times; the Pressures of a long and expensive War, and the languishing State of publick Credit: But the Scene being now fb happily changed, if no new Disturbances shall plunge us again into Streights and Difficulties, the general Expectation seems to require of you, that you should turn your Thoughts towards feme Method of extricating yourselves, by reducing, by degrees, the Debts of the Nation.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have an intire Confidence in you; and have therefore nothing to ask, but that you would take such Measures as will bed secure your Religion and Liberties: While you preserve those inestimable Blessings, I shall fit easy and safe on my Throne; having no other View but the Happi-nefe and Prosperity of my People.

After which, Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That his Majesty had commanded him to lay before this House Copies of Letters which paired between Count Gyllenberg, the Baron Gortz, Sparr, and others,

relating to the Design of railing a Rebellion in his Majesty’s Dominions, to be supported by a Force from Sweden;

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the said Copies were read; and are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return him the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne: To congratulate his Majesty upon his safe and happy Return to his Kingdoms; and upon the prudent Administration of the Government by his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, under his Majesty; and the great Care his Royal Highness took of the reace and Security of the Kingdom during his Majesty’s Absence: To acknowlege his Majesty’s Goodnels and tender Regard to his People, in remedying the fetal Defects of the Treaties at; and in so fe t-

fonably discovering the traiterous Designs that are again set on foot against his Sacred Person, and Government:

To express the higheftRefentment and Indignation at this desperate Attempt: And to allure his Majesty, That this House will stand by and support, his Majesty against all his Enemies at home and abroad, who shall, in any manner, aid and abet the Pretender to his Crown; and will most chearfully contribute such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Safety of his ltoyal Person, and the Defence of his Kingdoms; and will apply themselves, with all possible Diligence and Attention, to the great and necessary Work of reducing the National Debts.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. O, Sir John Mr. Secretary Stanhope, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Secretary Methuen, Mr. Craggs, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Molineux, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Mr.'

Attorney General, Lord IVm. Mr. Walpole,

20

Mr. Benson, Mr. Heme, Lord Ha Mr. Hampden,

Sir John Hobart, Mr. Masters, Mr. Mr. Cock-

born, Mr . Pulteney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Aijliby, Sir IVm.

St. Quintin, Sir John Norris, Mr. Wylde Mr. Serjeant

Birch, Lord Cafllecomer, Mr Coventry, Colonel Oughton,

Mr. Ash, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Richard Farington, Mr.

Necill, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Hill, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Broderick: And they are to meet immediately, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Morning The King'* next, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious "

Speech to both Houses of Parliament. co°1 er

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Printing tb« being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 210 dieFebruarii

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pratehs.

/JRDERED, That the Grand Committee for Re- Grand ligion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the Committew. House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursiay in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Ftiday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committreof-be appointed, of Mr. Hampden, Mr. Comptroller, Lord l’rmlcfce*> Wm. Powlet, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Hungerford, Sir W Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Rolt,

Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Thomas Wheat, Mr.

Naylor, Mr. Monroe, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Stephens,

General Webb, Mr. Micklcthwaite, Sir Janies Campbell,

Mr. Wylde, Mr. Herne, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Jeffryes, Sr Robert Davers, Mr. North, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Tho.

Sebright, Colonel Morton, Mr. London, Mr. Honywood,

Sir Wm.Robinson, Mr. Mason, Mr. Onslow, the Earl of

Hertford, Sir John Norris, Colonel Stanhope, Sir Phil.

Parker, Sir John Brownlow, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Nevill, Sir Richard,

Colonel Bladen, Sir John Hobart, Sir Edward Emley,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Nlr.Foley, Sir Wn. W Lord Stanhope, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Tuffhcll, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Hill, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Chetwynd, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Di/lon, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Trefu/ts, Mr. Grant, Mr. Churchill,

Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Offtey, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Butler, Mr. Defbo-verie, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Deacle, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Marquis of Winchester, Mr Ash, Mr. Morice, Mr land. Sir Wm. Haines, Mr. Molyneaux, Lord Castlecomer,

Sir ThotnasCrojfc, Mr. Betts. Mr. Butler, SirEduardTur-ner, Sir Edward Williams, Mr Williams, Mr Mr.

Mcdlycot, Lord Pagett, Sir Nathanael Mead, Mr

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

Pulteney, Mr. Vernon, Mr Robartes, Mr. Secretary Methuen, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Hynd Cotton, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Gui-dott. Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Chulmlcy, Mr. Mr.

Earl, Lord Molefuorth, Lord Harry Mr. Attor-

ney General, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyddell, Mr. Jejfop, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hesham,

3 Geo. I;

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Sir styles, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Addison, Mr. Thompfo Sir Nico. Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Geo. Sir Gregory Page,

Colonel Ought on, Mr. Mr. Bay lie, Mr. West,

Mr. Barrington Shute, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Lade, Sir Wm.

Humphryes, Mr. Haldane, Lord Shelburn, Mr. Cawper, Sir Thomas Samuel, Mr. T, Sir Samuel Leonard, Sir

Wm.Gordon, Sir Hen.Mr And they are to meet. ujion Monday next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voltes: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and io within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to iciid for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places; are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question Upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to Withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw* till their Returns are determined.

Usual Orders: Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-uoor of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day be-| fore the Door is locket! up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume Vol. 18.

475

to bring any Stranger, of Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Wcfminfer do take care, that from Niqe of the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Pafi'ages through the Streets betw een Temple Bar and be

kept free arid open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: and that the Serjeant at Arras attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers- aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Wfominster; and that he do fee the same pui in Execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Resolved, That; notwithstanding the Oath taken by any Candidate at or after any Election, his Qualification may be afterwards examined into.

Resolved, That the Person, whole Qualification is expressly objected to in any Petition relating to his Election; shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read;'give to the Clerk of the House of Commons a Paper, signed by himself, containing a Rental of Particular of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, w’hereby he makes out his Qualification; of which any Person concerned may have a Copy.

Resolved, That of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the Party hath not been in Possession for Three Years before the Election, he shall also insert in the same Paper from what Person, and by what Conveyance, or Act in Law, he claims and derives the fame; and also the Consideration, if any, paid, and the Names, and Places of Abode, of the Witnesses to such Conveyance and Payment

Resolved, That if any fitting Member shall think fit to question the Qualification of a Petitioner, he shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, leave Notice thereof in Writing with the Clerk of the House of Commons; and the Petitioner shall, in such Case, within Fifteen Days after such Notice, leave with the said Clerk of the House the like Account, in Writing, of his Qualification, as is required from a Sitting Member.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Midhudl Clerk of the Crown, to make out y. new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Sir John Fortescue Aland Knight, now One of the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Seaford Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Com Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of , in the room of Sir William Ashbumham Baronet; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Alienation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Richmond Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of Thomas York Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kingston the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the "P°? Hull electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for ’ nt*

the

2i* Februdm-.

Hereford

County

Writ.

Hereford City Writ

tpfwich

Writ.

Ryegat#

Writ.

SoutB

lar.muth

Election,

Weymouth

Writ

Reading

Eltdion.

Vacation of a Seat by accepting Office.

21* Februarii

A. 171

the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, in the room t)f William Mdister Esquire, deceased.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of Sir Thomas Morgan Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of James Lord Viscount

Scudamore, in the Kingdom of deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir William Thompson Knight; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ryegate, in tive County of Surry, in the

room of Sir John Par Jons Knight, deceased.

A Petition of S ir Theodore Janfon, and Colonel Anthony Morgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of South Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, the Petitioners, Sir Robert Raymond, and Colonel Henry Holmes, stood Candidates: That several Persons were illegally made free of the Corporation, and, contrary to the express Words of the Charter, were admitted to poll for the said Sir Robert Raymond and Colonel;

and, by other indirect Practices, procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong to, the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth, and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Baker Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Felix Calvert Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, Charles Cadogan Esquire, Owen Buckingham Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of uncorrupted Votes; and that the said Charles Ca-dogan and Owen Buckingham, by Bribery, and other illegal Pra61iccs, by themselves and Agents, procured themselves to be elected and returned Burgesses for the said Borough; in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. a

The House being informed. That Lieutenant General George Carpenter, having, since his Election, accepted of a Commission from his Majesty, qonftituting and appointing him Governor of the Island of Minorca, and the Town and Garison of Port Mahon, and the Castle, and Forts, and all other Military Works and Fortifications thereunto belonging, or elsewhere situated in the said Island, desires to

a

know the Sense of the House thereupon, whether he may lit in the House, in respect of the Act, 8* Annas Regina, Cap.4. Sec. 20. Sfc.;

The said Act was read.

Then the Commission was ^produced, and read; Copy whereof is as follows; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. To our trusty and well-beloved Lieutenant General George Carpenter, Greeting: We; repofitig especial Trust and Confidence in your Loyalty, Courage, and Experience iri Military Affairs, do, by tlicfe Presents, constitute and appoint you to be Governor of the Island of Minorca, and the Town and Garison of Port Mahon, and the Castle, Forts, and all other Military Works and Fortifications thereunto belonging, or elsewhere situated in the said Island: Yod are therefore to take the said Island, Town, and Garison; with the Castle, Forts, and other the Fortifications thereof; into your Care and Charge; and carefully and diligently td discharge the Duty of Governor thereof by doing and performing all and all manner of Things thereunto belonging: And we do hereby strictly charge and command all our Officers and Soldiers, who now are, or hereafter shall be, in Garison in the said Island, Town, Castle, or any other the Fortifications there, and all other our Ministers, Officers, and loving Subjects, whom it may concern, to obey you as our Governor thereof; And you are to observe and follow such Orders and Instructions, from time to time, as you shall receive from us, according to the Rules and Discipline of War, in pursuance of the Trust we hereby repose in you. Given at our Court at St, James's, the Fifth Day of July 1716, in the Second Year of our Reign.

Enteied with the n , o

Secretary at War. ByhtaM^re^H

Rd. Arnold.

Entered with the Paymaster General.

J. M.

And the Instructions to him, as Governor of Minorcat Sfc. were also produced, and read; a Copy whereof is as follows; viz.

By his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, Guardian of Great Britain, &c.

Instructions to George Carpenter Esquire, Governor of his Majesty’s Island of Minorca, George, P. C. R. given at the Court at HamptonCourt, the 4th Day of August 1716, in the Third Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

HIS Majesty having appointed you Governor of his Island of Minorca, you will apply yourself in the Discharge of that Trust, and in the Execution of such Orders as you shall receive, with that Zeal which his Majesty’s Service, and the Interest -and Prosperity of his Subjects in those Parts, do require,

In case of your necessary Absence from the Island, it is his Majesty s Pleasure, That the Lieutenant Governor shall command in Chief; and, in case of his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor of Fort Philip shall command; and, in case of his Absence, That the Command shall devolve on the eldest Officer in the Island.

When any Vacancy shall happen in a Military Employment, you shall acquaint his Majesty with it, and receive his Directions for supplying the same; and, in case of your Absence, the Officer commanding in Chief on the Island is to acquaint you with it, that you may lay it before his Majesty, and know his Pleasure therein.

You are to give Orders, That no Officer have Leave to be absent from the Island, without your Knowledge and Allowance.

You are to take care, that, upon no Pretence whatsoever, the Paymasters of the Regiments do receive Pay for any absent Officers; but that such Pay be left in the Deputy Paymaster General’s Hands on the Island, till such time as the Officer returns to his Post: You are to give Orders, That none be inuftered but the Effectives; and

that

3 Geo. I. at* — 22

that the non-effective Money be applied towards recruiting, by proper Warrants.

► You are to take care, that the State of the Accounts of

j each Regiment be made up every Two Months, and delivered in to yourself; or, in your Absence, to the Commander in Chief.

You are to give Orders, That no Serjeant, Corporal, Drum, or private Soldier, be discharged, without Leave from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which they belong; nor are they to receive any corporal Punish-raent, except Confinement, but by the Determination of a Court Martial.

P. C. R.

A true Copy; examined,

20th Feb. 1716.

Geo. Tilfon.

After which, the sense of the House being. That it was a Military Commisslon, the said Lieutenant-General came into the House.

Addrefe on Mr. Onjlaw reported from the Committee appointed uc King's Yesterday to draw up an humble Addrefe, to be pre-

" c fented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up an Act-

dress accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YOUR Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjecfe, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty their humblest Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Your Majesty’s safe and happy Return into your Kingdoms gave an universal Joy to all your People; and as the prudent Administration of the Government by his Royal Highness the Prince of , under your Majesty, did, in some degree, make the Want of your Royal Presence more ealy to us, we beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty upon the Peace and Security, that, during your Majesty’s Absence, was, by the great Care of his Royal Highness, preserved in the Kingdom, to the general Satisfaction of all your Subjects.

We can never sufficiently acknowledge the repeated Instances of your Majesty’s Goodness, and unwearied Concern for the W elfare of your Kingdoms: We fee, with Admiration, many of the fatal Defects of the Treaties at Utrecht, and the great Difiidvantages that were imposed upon this Nation, at the Head of a victorious Army, and powerful Confederacy, happily remedied by your Majesty, even in the midst ofintestine Dangers and Troubles: Your consummate Wisdom has renewed those Alliances that were basely betrayed and dissolved, and concluded such new Treaties, as may render the Peace safe and lasting; and we are at a Loss to determine, whether, in future Ages, the suffering the Demolition of the Port of Dunkirk to be scandalously evaded, will be a greater Reproach, or the procuring the Destruction of the Sluices of Mardyke, a greater Honour to the British Nation.

We cannot, at the same time, but with the highest Re-fentment and Indignation, look upon the obstinate and inveterate Rancour of those, who are again endeavouring to embroil their native Country in Blood and Confusion: It is astonishing to find, that any, who call themselves Protestants, can be so indexible and restless in their Endeavours to impose upon us a Popish Pretender; and rather venture to subjectthe Kingdom to a foreign Yoke, than depart from their darling and avowed Design of altering and fiibverling the present happy Eftahlifhtnent in the Protestant Succession. We adore the watchful Eye of Heaven, that has so wonderfully guarded and protected your Sacred Person; and cannot too much extol the Wisdom and Vigilance that has been uled, in so early and sea-fonably discovering this desperate Attempt: And, in order most effectually to defeat it, your faithful Commons, with Hearts sincerely zealous in the Cause of their King and Country, allure your Majesty, That they will, to the ut-teoft, mind by and support your Majesty against all your

Yoi. 1ft.

' Feb'ruarii. 477

Enemies at home and abroad, that shall, in, any manner, presume to aid or abet the Pretender to your Crown; and will most chearfully grant to your Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necesiary for the Safety of your Royal Person, and the Defence of the Kingdom.

We are all but too sensible of the infuppoi table Weight of the National Debts; and therefore will not neglect to apply ourselves with all possible Diligence and Attention to the great and necessary Work of reducing and lessening, by degrees, this heavy Burthen; which may prove the most effectual Means of preserving to the publick Funds a real and certain Security.

Tire said Address, being read a, Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Counsel do humbly know his Majesty s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given Prohibiting

to bring in a Bill to authorize his Majesty to prohibit Coip, rc* Commerce with Sweden, during such time as his Ma- Wlt we eQ* jesty shall think it necessary for the Safety and Peace of his Kingdoms: And that Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr.

Craggs, and Mr- Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vizneris 2 2° die Febr;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pkateis.

MR. Comptroller reported. That he having waited King «p-upon his Majesty, to humbly know his Pleasure P0lQt* b* when he would be attended by this House, his Majesty has atUn e been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, at his Palace at St.James’s.

A Petition of William Wallis Esquire was presented to Steyning the House, and read j letting forth, That at the Election ElefUon. for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex,

Major General John Pepper, Robert Leaves, John Middleton, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and that the said Major General Pepper, and Robert Leaves, by Corruption, and other undue Practices, procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to christ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Church Wri^ the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Ettericke Esquire, deceased.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Supply, into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, nefolve itfelfinto a Committee, of the tvhole House, to consider of that Motion.

6 F,

fitek

478 2 2° — 230 Februarii. A. rji6.

Ordered, That his Majestys Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 30 die Februarii}

Anno 3® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Answer to *\/T Speaker reported, That the House did Yef" Address. xVA terday attend his Majesty, and present to him their Address; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this his most gracious Answer; vis.

Gentlemen,

THE Duty and Zeal which you express, in this loyal Address, to my Person and Government; your Affectionate Concern for the Welfare of your Country; your Promiles of an effectual Support against all our Enemies at home and abroad; and your resolution of applying yourselves to case My People, by reducing gradually the heavy Load of the publick Debts, deserve my hearty Thanks: You shall never have cause to repent of the Confidence you repole in me; the Honour, Welfare, and Prosperity of this Nation being what I have chiefly at Heart.

Prohibiting Mr. Craggs prefenfed to the House, according to Or-Comnurce der, a Bill to authorize his Majesty to prohibit, or restrain, with Sweden. Commerce with Sweden during such Time as his Majesty shall think it necessary for the Safety and Peace of his Kingdoms: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lloniton A Petition of John Elwill Esquire was presented to the

Election. House, and read; setting forth, That at the....

Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Courtney Coronet, who, being likewise chosen a Knight of the Shire for the said County, made his Election to serve for the County, the Petitioner, and Sir William Pole, Baronet, ltood Candidates: That, by several corrupt and indirect Practices made use of in behalf of the said Sir William Pole; and in particular by William Gill, Portreeve of the said Borough, by admitting persons to vote who had no Right, and refilling others who had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioner: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ltominster A Petition of several of the oppressed Inhabitants of the Election. ancient Borough of Leominjle in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough is a Borough by Prescription, and have lent Members to Parliament Time immemorial: That it was an open Town until the DiiTolution of Monasteries, and the happy Reformation thereupon: That the Petitioners Predecessors, during those Times of Popery atul Superstition, were influenced by the Prior and Monks of a great Priory within the said Town, and w ho were ngt only Lords of it, but several of the adjacent Parishes; That, towards the latter End of the Reign of Edward the Sixth, a Charter of Incorporation was granted for better

14

Government of the said Town; but not sealed, by reason of the Demile of the said King; and during the lhoit Continuance of that Reign, the ancient Privileges of the Petitioners Predecessors were rather retrieved and enlarged, than lessened and destroyed thereby; but, a stop being put to the blessed Reformation by the Accession of Queen Mary to the Throne, several persons who, upon that unfortunate Turn, had expressed a furious Zeal for the Support of that bloody Government, obtained as a Reward, a more enlarged Charter, and themselves to be made Governors of the said Borough, by the Names of a Bailiff, High Steward, Recorder, and Twenty-four Capital Burgesses: That the Petitioners Predecessors, who professed the Protestant Religion in those early Times, and in this then bigotted Place, whilst the popish Reign lasted, could not, Burning for Conscience-fake excepted, lie under heavier Oppressions than the Petitioners have done for several Years last past: And, as if the Inhabitants of Leominster were always destined, whenever Popery prevailed, and the Protestant Interest was in Danger of being subverted, that their Privileges as Englishmen should be, amongst the first, in Hazard of being invaded; the Petitioners do, in the most humble manner, representto this honourable House, That, when the glorious King William, of immortal Memory, the great Preserver, under God, of the Protestant Interest, and Liberties of Europe, arrived, to relieve us from King James's Popery, and arbitrary Power, this an-

cient Borough was restored to their just Rights and Privileges in the Choice of their Members to serve in Parliament j and do, because they may with truth, and without Vanity, affirm, That no Corporation, for the Space of near Sixteen Years, in this Kingdom made use of that great Trull reposed in them freer from Corruptions and Bribery, and in all other respects with greater Regard to the true Interest of their Country, than the now abused Petitioners did; butfince those Men have had any Power, w'ho our glorious King, in his Royal Proclamation for summoning this present Parliament, mentions to have been diffaffefited to his happy Accession to the Throne, and to have left this Kingdom not only under the greatest Difficulties in respect of its Trade and Navigation, but have, as his sacred Majesty is pleased further to declare, to his great Surprize, very much increased, even since the Conclusion of the last War, the publick Debts of the Nation, wc the Petitioners have laboured under great Difficulties, by means of the unjust and arbitrary Proceedings of the Three following Receivers of the publick Money, who are all Inhabitants of our Town, and Two of them capital Burgesses of our Corporation; viz. Caleb Powell Esquire, our present Bailiff, and Receiver General for the publick Taxes in the Shires of Brecon, Radnor, and Montgomery; James Ca/wall Esquire, likewiscaCapital Burgcfe of the said Borough, and Receiver General for the publick Taxes of the Counties of Monmouth, and Three more other Counties in the extreme Parts of North Wales; and Samuel Clarke Esquire, Receiver General for the publick Taxes in the County of Hereford: That, since the Three said publick Officers have had the Command of so much publick Money (for before they had none to spare from carrying on their respefitive Trades; the One being a Tanner, the other a Glover, and the Third a Mercer), they have, in Combination and Confederacy with Mr. Thomas Price, Attorney at Law, another Capital Burgess of the said Borough, and Town Clerk of the fame, and several of the Magistrates of the said Corporation, at several past Elections, but more especially at the last, for choosing Members for this present Parliament, in order to force us to elett Edxcard Harley Esquire, Recorder of the said Borough, One of the Auditors of the Imprefts, and Brother to the late Lord Treasurer the Earl of Oxford, to whose Favour Caleb Powell and James aforesaid owe

their Employments, by the illegal, arbitrary, and unjust. Proceedings following, as far as in them lay, endeavoured to sob us of our invaluable Privileges; to invert the Method of our Elections; and not only to usurp to themselves the foie Government of the Body Corporate, but so bring into the Members thereof the Power, at least of

directing,.

3 Geo. I. 23* Februarii.

479

dire filing, in an arbitrary manner, the Inhabitants of this ancient Borough by Prescription who they shall trust with all that is dear to them in this World; and more particularly they, by themselves, Servants, Agents, or Accomplices, have, by their lending lo many, and such great, Sums, either of the Publick or the said Mr. Harley's Money, to so many of the poorer or most indigent Sort of Voters of, and Inhabitants within, the said Borough, and upon such Securities as they the said Voters could not obtain any Money elsewhere, and have since broke Ibme of the said Voters, got such an Influence upon so many of the Voters of the said Borough, that, by their arbitrary, illegal, and unjust, Proceedings, and by their Threats of suing the said Voters, and forcing them to pay what they are not able, their said Debtors are compelled to comply, and vote in Elefilions for Members of Parliament, as they are direfiled by the aforesaid Magistrates, Town Clerk, and Receivers, or their or some of their Agents and Accomplices, contrary to their own Inclinations and Opinions, as many of them declare; and which, being so great a Number, makes the Petitioners find the hard Effects of such arbitrary and illegal Proceedings; And moreover, to carry on such indirefcl Proceedings, the present Bailiff, and the Magistrates, as living within the said Borough, have, for many Years last past, by indirect Contrivances, kept the Bailiwick, the Magiltracy, and Government, of the said Borough in their own Power, and amongst their own Party; for that the present Bailiff hath been Three times Bailiff of the said Borough, Two Years of which have been within the Space of Ten Years last past; and the said James Cajwell hath been Four times Bailiff of the said Borough; and hath been, within the Space of Seven Years last past, Bailiff of the said Borough for Three Years successively; and his Father-in-law Bangham Esquire,

One of the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough, hath been Three times Bailiff of the said Borough, and ended his last Year’s Bailiwick at Michaelmas last; and, for the Continuance of such their Management, and keeping up the Number of their Party in the Chamber, there are but Nineteen Persons, besides the Bailiff, in that Community, which ought to consist of Twenty-four, besides the Bailiff: And the said Bailiff, and his Accomplices, neglect to fill up the said Chamber with other proper and fit Persons; because those who are most proper and fit to be chosen for capital Burgesses of the said Borough are in a contrary Interest, and opposite to then), and who will not willingly join in such indirefit Practices as are used in the said Chamber, who haye divers Houses, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to the said Chamber lying within the said Borough, and are demised to many of the Inhabitants and Voters of the said Borough for Lives, under yearly Rents and Fines; which Fines are arbitrary; but, where the Tenants are in the Interest of the now and late Years prevailing Bailiff and Magistrates, and their Associatcs, their Fines are much easier than their Opposers are forced to undergo *, and, as an Instance in this Matter, the aforesaid Mr. Edward Bangham, and Mr. Thomas Price, who hold the Two Messuages, they respectively live in, and lying within the said Borough, by Lease under the said Chamber, by their Friendftnp amongst their Brethren, obtained, each of them a Lease of their respefifive Houses for Three Lives; with a Covenant, that each of them should, upon the Death of any One Life mentioned in their respefilive Leases, be admitted to add a Third Life, at One Year’s Value, at such a Rate as they then put upon their respefilive Houses; whereas none other of the Tenants of the said Chamber ever had any such Covenant allowed them: And the said Bailiff and Magistrates, and several others of their Party in the said Chamber, being Commissioners, and having the executive Pow er of directing and levying all the Taxes within the said Borough, they have, for many Years last past, extremely ealed themselves, and the Persons in their Party, in all or most of their respefilive Taxes; and loaded their Opposites with Stock in Trade, Money at Interest, and other heavy Burthens, contrary to the Rules of common Justice; 'but the Receivers, who have each of them several Thousands of Pounds at Interest, not Vot. 18.

charged for the fame: And, as an undeniable Instance of their Injustice to the Government, there is not, nor hath been, One House lying within the said Borough charged at Thirty Shillings per Annum for Light Money, according to the A fit of Parliament, since the same was made; though there are near Forty Houses within the said Borough that ought to be charged therewith; and in such Method are theirs, and all their Votaries, Houses, underrated, or totally omitted to be rated: And, for the further carrying on of their Oppression in the like Nature, all Persons who will engage with them, and vote in their Interest, are admitted to be Inhabitants, and vote in the said Borough, without giving any, or, at least, no sufficient Security to indemnify the Town from their Charge; and by which means some Families are now-, and more like to become, a Charge to this Borough for the Support of them; but, if any Persons who are their Opposites come to live within the said BoFough, they are forced to give undeniable Security; nor will that be accepted but at Will and Pleasure; and also all such, and likewise such other Persons who are their Opposites, living within the said Borough, are loaded with Offices, forced to serve upon unprofitable Juries, irnpoverithed by the Inequality of Taxes, and terrified by the Frowns and Threats of the Magistrates, and governing Part of the Town; and such as are Publick-house Keepers and Voters, if they will not join with the said Magistrates in voting for Members of Parliament as they please, are threatened they shall have no Licences to sell Ale; but such as will comply with them shall be licensed, or have Leave to sell Ale without Licence; by reason w hereof, there are this present time Forty Publick-houses that sell Ale within this final! Borough: Under all which Aggrievances, the oppressed Petitioners have laboured for several Years last past; and therefore have just Reason now to complain; which they would have avoided, had not the ill Prafiiices, unjust and corrupt Proceedings, in the last Elcfilion for Members to serve for the said Borough in this present Parliament, given them just Occasion to represent to this honourable House, That after the aforesaid Caleb Powell Esquire, the present Bailiff of this Borough, had received the Mandate from the Sheriff of the County of Hereford, for the defiling Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for this Borough, by the Advice of his aforesaid Town Clerk, and, as is believed, by the Approbation, if not Direction, of the aforesaid Mr. Harley the Recorder, after Sunset, on Friday the Twenty-eighth Day of January last past, did cause publick Notice to be affixed on several Places in the said Town, That he the said Bailiff intended to proceed to elefil Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, by Nine of the Clock on the Tuef-dayMorning following, being the First Day of February initant; which was but Three Days Notice, and contrary to the Act of Parliament in that same made and provided, which requires Four Days Notice, at least, to be given of such Elefilions: And notwithstanding the said Bailiff1 was then informed, that such Notice was not according to Law; yet the said Bailiff would not alter what he had di-refiled; nor did he take care, that the Town Clerk should publish the Proclamation for difiolving the last Parliament: And the Petitioners further sheweth, That, from the time that the aforesaid publick Notice was given, even to the very Hour of the Elefition, and during the fame, such Bribery, arbitrary and corrupt Proceedings, by Menaces, Threats, Force, and Locking up of Voters the Night before the Elefilion, were used and prafilifed within the said Borough, for and on the behalf of the said Edward Harley, by the said Receivers, Magistrates, their Agents or Accomplices, or some of them, as----- want Words to express,

by forcing Men to vote contrary to their Inclinations and faithful Promises, and by filling them so with Drink, that many of the Voters, when they passed their Votes, did not rightly understand who they voted for; and which had so lamentable an Effefil upon One of the said Voters, formerly a very sober Man, that, as soon as he was led home from voting, he was laid down upon his Bed in his Clothes, and declared he was prevailed with to vote against his

Confidence,

LeomimW

Election.

4$0 2 3°-----2 5* — 2i

LeominAer Conscience, and forthwith died; and, at the said Elec-

®ea‘011* tion, the Bailiff admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Harley, who had no Right of voting, and refilled to allow the Votes, or to poll several Persons there produced, and offered to be polled, on the behalf of Henry Gorges Esquire, and who had a just Right of voting; and which, had they been polled as they ought to have been, would have cast the Majority en Mr. Gorges' Side against Mr. Harley: And moreover, Thomas Bayly Gentleman, Under Sheriff for the County of came into Court

about the Middle of the said Poll, at which time he had nothing to do there, unless, at the Request, and upon the behalf of Mr. Harley, to hinder such Voters as were in Debt from appearing, for fear of being arrested by him; and he being reprimanded for the same by one of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Hereford, who liveth in Leominster aforesaid, and voted at the said Election against the said Mr. Harley, the said Under Sheriff withdrew; and, about two Hours afterwards, came into Court again, and insulted the said Justice of the Peace in a most insolent, rude, and violent manner, threatening to break his’ Head, and calling him very opprobrious Names, and went away with Impunity; and, after the said Bailiff had polled all the Voters he would allow of, he refused to let the Candidates Clerks compare their Poll-book with the Town Clerk’s Poll-book, to lee if any, and what, Mistakes had happened in taking the said Poll; saying, He had nothing to do with any of the Poll-books, but with the Town Clerk’s who took the Poll for him; nor did the Bailiff direct his Town Clerk to read over the Names of the Voters in his own Poll-book, to see that there were no Mistakes in his taking the Poll; but the said Bailiff finding, by feme private Intimations given him, that the said Mr. Harley had, according to the Town Clerk’s Poll-book, and according to the Management of the Proceedings, as aforesaid, feme small Majority of the said Mr. Gorges, he commanded the Town Clerk to cast up the Poll-book; and, according to his Computation only, without any other Inspectors, the said Bailiff declared the Right honourable Thomas Lord and the said

Mr. Harley, to be duly elected Members to serve for the said Borough in the next Parliament; and that he would, and accordingly did, return the fame; and notwithstanding the said Mr. Gorges' Agent did then, on the behalf of the said Mr. Gorges, tender One Indenture to the said Bailiff, ready ingrossed, and required the said Bailiff' to return the said Mr. Gorges, he being a Member, had Justice been done him, duly and legally chosen; but the said Bailiff positively refused to do the fame; and the said Bailiff, the Morning after the said Election, turned One of the Searchers and Sealers of Leather for the said Borough, being a Place of some Profit, out of his Office, for no other Reason as can be known, than that he voted at the - " said Election against the said Mr. Harley: All which Actings and Doings, and many more of the same Nature, are express, contrary to the Rules of Justice, and are arbitrary, illegal, and unjust; and which Practices and Proceedings not only tend to the Ruin and Destruction of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, and this Borough, in choosing their Representatives in Parliament; but also, if pra&iied in other Cities and Boroughs, will end in the Extirpation of our truly happy, if qot abused, Constitution and Government: And praying to be relieved against all these Oppressions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine whether the said Petition be the same in Substance with that which was presented to the House the last Session of Parliament; and whether it is signed by the same Persons. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mornifig, Nine of the Clock.

r° Februarii. 1716.

Luncey 25* die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii’Regis; 1716.

P BAY F. RS.

A PETITION of John Dodd Esquire was presented Well*

to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the Keiftio^ City or Borough of (Veils, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioner, together with Thomas Horner Esquire, flood.

Candidates to serve in Parliament for the said City or Borough, in the place of William Coward Esquire, deceased:

That the said Thomas Horner, by the Assistance of Salmon Mayor, and by other indirect and illegal Practices, procured himself to be returned a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City or Borough; in the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cen-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House according to Order, refblved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Friday last, for a Supply to be granted to his1 Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Prohibiting Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to autho- Commerce rize his Majesty to prohibit, or. restrain, Commerce with with Sweden* Sweden, during such time as, his Majesty shall think it necessary for the Safety and Peace of his Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.,

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 26* die ;.

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Barrington, alias Ef- ShateV

f\. quire, was presented to the House, and read; setting Name,

forth, That Francis Ban'ington, late of Tofts, in the County of Essex, Esquire, did, in his Life-time, by Deeds of Settlement, limit several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County, to the Use of the Petitioner for Life; with Remainder to all his Sons successively in Tail Male; with divers Remaihders over: That in the said Settlement is contained, amongst other things, a Provise, That the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, when they shall respectively be in Possession of the said Premises* take upon them the Surname of BarAnd praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, in order to confirm and settle the Name of Barrington to and upon the Petitioner and his Issue Male.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a . Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Nevill, Sir John Hobart, and Mr. White, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

3 Geo. I.

a6° — 27° Februariu

48!

Marlbo trough Election.

A Petition of Gdbriel Roberts Esquire was presentfed Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right of Out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the electing Members to serve iii Parliament for the Borough Quetiion severally putthereupon, agreed unto by the House.

of Marlborough hath, for Time out of mind, been in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; and that John Fozvlcr, Mayor, did, by Indenture duly executed, return the Petitioner; and delivered the same to the Sheriff, who accepted thereof: But one Roger Wiliam, pretending so aft as Mayor, though not qualified lb to do, got Pofiession of the Precept; and annexed a Return thereto of Sir William Humphreys, and Joshua Ward Esquire, who also stood Candidates, although they were not duly elected: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Supply.

Deficiencies

of Grants.

Army and Navy Efti-taates.

Supply,

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they haddirefited Him-to.report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; -viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time j Rejoiced, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the feud Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; and of the Deficiencies of the Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges for Guards and Garisons, and Land Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of the Navy to Christmas last be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers that are to be in Half-pay for the Y tar One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be laid t Tore this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before House, how the Money granted for extraordinary Repairs of the Navy, in the Tw-o last Years, has been laid ou; and allb an Account of what will be further necessary for extraordinary Repairs of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give- Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said several Accounts, State, Lift, and Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Rejoiced \That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Prohibiting Commerce %ith Sweden.

Mr. Craggs, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize his Majesty to prohibit, or restrain, Commerce with Sweden, during such time as his Majesty shall think it necessary for the Safety and Peace of his Kingdoms, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, ami directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Vo l. 1

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And theh the House adjourned till To-morrovt' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriif 270 die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis', 1716;

Layers.

hr* H E House being informed, That Ibme of the Com- Prohibited JL missioners of the Customs attended; East Iwiia

They Were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Goo<^' &c: House their Return to this House, with the Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval Stores, imported iirom Russia; in pursuance of Clauses in several Acts of Parliament.

And then toe Commissioners withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses in the Port of London at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen; with what have been brought, in since that time, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen: And allb,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses in toe Port of London at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen; with what have been brought in since that time, what exported; as allb what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: And allb;

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remain ing in the respective Warehouses of the Out-ports at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen; what brought in since that time, what exported, as allb what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen: And allb,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out-ports at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen; what brought in since that time, what exported, as allb what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: And allb,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen: And also;

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen: And allb,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

Ordered, That toe said Accounts do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said' Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Necil, according to Ordef, presented to the House a Bill to enable John Barrington, alias Shute, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

6 G An

Shute’s

Name.

Prohibiting Commerce with Sweden.

48 a

170 Februarii.

A. 171

An ingrafted Bill to anthorire his Majesty to probibit, or restraiu, Commerce with Sweden, during such time as his Majesty Hull think it necessary for the Safety and Peace of his Kingdoms, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall incur any Penalty for bringing into Great Britain, or any the Domi-

nions thereunto belonging, any Goods of , which,

on or before a certain Day and Month, shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel in Sweden, or other foreign Parts, to be brought into Great , Ireland,

or any the Dominions thereunto belonging; and due Proof thereof made:

And tile same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to I. made to the Bill; viz.

Prels t. L. 40. After " Parliament," to insert " under " the Penalties herein after mentioned: "

Press 2. L. 27. The same Amendment:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit, or restrain, Commerce with Sweden. '

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Estimates, Accounts, Lift, and State, therein mentioned, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Guards and Garilons, and other his Majestys Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year One thoulaud Seven hundred Seventeen:

Lftimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven bundled and Seventeen:

And the Tides of the said Estimates were read:

And the said Estimates are as followsviz.

horse. /

First Troop of Guards, consisting of 181 Men, Officers included -Second Troop, ditto -

Third Troop, ditto - -

Fourth Troop, ditto -

Firfr Troop of Grenadier Guards, consisting of 176 Men, Officers included ——

Second Troop, ditto - -

Royal Regiment of Guards, consisting of Nine Troops, of Men in each, Officers included -General Lumleys Regiment, consisting of Nine Troops, of 42 Men in each, Officers included -Colonel Pitt’s Regiment, coufifting of Six Troops, of 42 Men in each. Officers included -

Ix>rd Windsor's Regiment - -

r Royal Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of Six Troops, of Men in each, Officers included Colonel Campbell's, ditto -

Lieutenant General Carpenter’s, ditto

Earl of Stair's, ditto -

Colonel Ker's, ditto -Major General Evans's, ditto Major General Peppei s, ditto -Brigadier Dormer’s, ditto -

Sir Robert Rich's, ditto Colonel Stanhope's, ditto -Brigadier Bowles's, ditto -Brigadier Hollywood's, ditto

Major General JVynns, ditto

Brigadier Gore's, ditto Colonel Tyrrell's, ditto Colonel Churchill's, ditto -Brigadier Mundens, ditto -

Colonel Molesworth's, ditto

Colonel Newton's, ditto

1' First Regiment of Guards, consisting of 28 Companies, of 76 ‘ Men iu each, Officers included -

I Second Regiment of Guards, consisting of 18 Companies, of 76 Foot. \ Men each, Officers included -

Third Regiment of Guards, ditto -Colonel Kirks Regiment, consisting of Twelve Companies, of 55 Men in each, Officers included

Dragoons.

Pay of the Troops

and Regiments

for 365 D tvs.

£ s. a

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

10,743 3 4

10,870 18 4

29.339 :8 4

28,518 13 4

19.338 18 4

19.338 18 4

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12.814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12.814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

52,088 10 10

33,8ii 3 4

33,8u 3 4

i3,95* 4 s

Total Charge.

Jj. s. d.

184,337 3 4

243»476

Answer to Addref*.

Army

Estimate*

thereupon, agreed unto by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great,

for the Year 1717.

Lieutenant

Call of the House.

3 Geo. I.

a 7s Februarii.

483

Foot /

Lieutenant General Seymour's, ditto Lord Irwins, ditto -Lord Shannon's, ditto Colonel Harrison's, ditto -

Brigadier Grace's, ditto Colonel Montagu's, ditto -Lieutenant General Macartney's, ditto Major General Sabine's, ditto

Lieutenant General Wills's, ditto Brigadier Preston's, ditto -Colonel Fane's, ditto Brigadier Steam's, ditto Colonel Handafyds, ditto -Colonel Pocock's, ditto Colonel Lucas's, ditto Brigadier Stanwix's, ditto -

Sir Charles Hotham's, ditto Brigadier Grant's, ditto Colonel Dubourgay s,ditto

Colonel Chndleigh's, ditto -Brigadier Morryons Regiment, consisting of Ten Companies,

Fifty-five Men in each, Officers included -Colonel Egerton s, ditto - - - -

Major General Wtghtmans, ditto -

.Colonel Clayton's, ditto - -

of

C General Officers

Garifon8, with Fit_____

( Contingences upon Account

ficersf&c! 1 Garifou8, with Fire and Candle -

Pay of the Regiments,

*c. for 365 Days.

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

.13,958 A 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

13,958 4 2

11,780 1 6

11,780 7 6

11,780 7 6

11,780 7 6

23,929 8 6i

28,245 9 2

20,000 0 0

t -.J i X1

Total £.

TOTAL.

459,954 15

72,174 n 8*

1 10*

Wm. Pulteney.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majestys Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the

.Year 1717,

Pay of the Regiments, knd Companies for 365 Days.

In the PLANTATIONS. Colonel Alexander's Regiment - -

Four Independent Companies at New York -Four ditto at Annapolis Royal Four ditto at Placentia - - " -

One ditto at Bermudas -

Two ditto at Jamaica

GarHons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Royal Regiment of Fuziliers Colonel Phillips' Regiment -Major General Whethamrs -Lieutenant General Officers of the Garison, &;c.

In GIBRALTAR.

Major General Pearce's Regiment Colonel Cotton's

Lieutenant General Meredyth's -

£. s. d.

9,654 5 —

7,093 3 4

5,681 16 8

: 5,681 16 8

99* 11 8

3,628 14 2

1 12,869 5 10

io 10

12,668 10 10

12,668 10 10

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

32,13' 1 6 2,011 6 8

11.147 14 2

11.147 14 2

11.147 14 2

Officers of the Garison, Sic.

Total -Wm: Pulteney.

34,742 14 2

50,874 18 4 6,154 16 3

33,443 2 6 3,749 12 3i

128,965 3 61

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday ti e Fourteenth Day of March next

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Vol. 18.

Jovis, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the making the River Derwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will very much advance tha Trade and Commerce of all Markets, and other Places,

near

Derwent

Navigation

484

27* Febru

A. 1716.

Navy

Estimate,

near the tame; and be highly advantageous not only to all his Majesty’s Subjects trading in the itaple Commodities of Lead, Butter, Cheese, ana other Merchandizes, by a cheap and eaiy Conveyance* much lessening the Rates of Commodities in the said County; but also to the Publick in general: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making the said River navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord James Cavendish, and Colonel Stanhope, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, prdented to the House, pursuant to their. Addrefe to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year One thousand Seveh.hundred Seventeen:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session. t

Mr. Lowndes prefertted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Deficiencies of Deficiencitt all the Lottery Annuities, and other Funds payable at the Exchequer: And also.

An Account of the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read:

And the said Accounts are as follows; vix.

As ACCOUNT of the Deficiencies of all the Lottery Annuities, and other Lunds payable at the Exchequer.

Upon the annual Sum of 135,000l. granted for the Lottery Anno 1710, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1716 -

For the Salaries to Officers, 8$c. -

Upon the annual Sum of 186,670/. granted for the Clals Lottery Anno 1711, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1715 - For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1716 -

For Two Years Salaries to Officers, Sic. -Upon the annual Sum of 168,003/. granted for the 10/. Lottery Anno 1712, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1715 - For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1716 -

For Two Years Salaries to Officers, fife. . - -

For incident Expences paid to Managers, SC al. - -

Upon the annual Sum of 168,003/. granted for the Clals Lottery Amo 1712, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1715 - For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1716 -

For Two Years Salaries to Officers, fife. - -

Upon the annual Sum of 160,000l. to the East India Company, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1714 -

For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1715 For the Year ended at Michaelmas 1716* -Upon the low Wines, granted in the Year 1705, which expired 24 June 1714, Principal -

Interest for One Year -

Upon the Duties on Candles for Loans, which ended lft 1715, Principal -

Interest for One Year - -

Upon the 4th 2 sh. Aid, Principal . - -

Upon the Duties on Hops, besides Interest -

Upon the Duties on Malt Anno 1715 -

For Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1716, as per the Account within written ——

£- s. d.

127,362 10

2,400 —

48,489 13 —

39.995 5 8*

2,000 — —

39.353 19 5

34,243 2 4

2,100 — —

7.047 4 6

45.568 18 91

47.862 15 2f

2,100 — —

27.364 15 4

27,3 >4 16 7

8,764 18 91

61,707 3 2

3.702 8 7

3*4,219 11 2i

18,853 3 6

s.

50,484 18 8

82,744 6

95,531 14

63,444 10 8*

65,409 11 9

333,072 14 8*

4,217 6 2r

8,590 16 8F

143.494 10 1

577,0*4 16

,593,767 15 2*

In Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, to me signified by the Right honourable James Stanhope Esquire, Principal Secretary of State, upon an. Address of the honourable House of Commons, this Account is humbly presented, this 28th of February 171-$-.

By me,

IVm, Lowndes,

Air

D

(Q

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

ft

t

t*

Aw ACCOUNT of the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1716.

Voted.

19 January i7»5. D®

24 March

19 January D®

D#

D®

D®

28

14 February

D*

24 March D®

D®

19 January 3 March

D®

D®

19 January

The Uses.

For Wages, Victual, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Sea Service, for 1 o,ooood Men - For the Ordinary of the Navy, inch Half Pay - For extraordinary Repairs of the Navy performed, and to be performed, in the Year 1716 -

For Ordnance Land Service for the Year 1716 - For Guards, Garisons, $c. for the Year 1716 For Forces in America for the same Year -

For Forces in Minorca for the same Year - For Forces in Gibraltar for the same Year For 6,000 Men from States General for One Year indefinite -

For Land Forces, A* 1715, over and above 132,563/. 95.

6d. saved by the Pay of 13 Regiments of Dragoons, 8gc. from 21 July 1715 to 24th December following - For extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces for the Year 1716 -

To make up Half Pay full Pay to 25 July 1716 - For Half Pay A" 1716 -

For Demolition of Dunkirk....

Cr.

£. d.

520,000-----

233,849 *9 6 230,623-----

993,015 4 5

34,837 17 104

57,917 19 6 37,294 12 9

126,033 4 9

14,352 12 if

66,012 5 5 87,160 11 — 100,146 15 — 3,311 16 lof

For Deficiencies of the Grants, Anno 1715 - For a Year’s Interest; of the Sum remaining unsatisfied on the Regifier for low Wines -

The like on the Regifier of the Candle-duty - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for the 10/. Lottery, Anno 1712, for Two Years ended Michaelmas 1714-For Salaries, and Incidents, to Commissioners of Accounts, to 10th March 1716 ——

Fund/or South Sea Company, 295,202/. iu. id.; but will be satisfied with -

W.Lmndes.

£. s. d.

2,988,579 4 3

t»

o

M

o

984,472 19 6 122,496 18 2£

<1

a

1,520^82 19 8 f

50,886; 11 10|

3,702 8 7 18,853 3 6

42,665 13 6

3,250-----

242,168 9 4$

00

(A

270 Februam. — 40 — 5° A. 1716.

486

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and

Mr. Fellozces:

Mr. Speaker,

Prohibiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commerce to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit, or restrain, with Sweden. Commerce with Sweden, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William to a Bill. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the publick Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty effectUally to prohibit, or restrain. Commerce with Sweden.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then die House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna;, 40 Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 17

Prayers.

Leominster \ PET FT IO N of divert of ftie Inhabitants of the Election. x\. Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right honourable Thomas Lord COningsby has endeavoured, by himself and Agents, by Bribes, Threats, and other illegal Practices, not only procured himself to be elected a Member of this present Parliament; but also, by the same indirect Practices, procured Henry Gorges El-quire to be elected for the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ ]£ . ] «9-

TelUrsforUreNoesf^"^- } 79-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

South Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

Yarmouth of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits Election. Gf the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, upon Monday the Twenty-fifth Day of March instant.

Army Debts. Mr* Plumptre, from tlfc Commissioners appointed to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army, presented to the House a Report from the said Commissioners:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Leominster the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wm* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hertford, in the Room of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Con-ningshy of the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord of the Kingdom of Great Britain, called up to the Ilouie of Peers.

A Petition of Isaac Kuydcvati M of London, Mer- Mierop’*

chant, was presented to the House, and read; setting ^dt-forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but constantly professed the true Protestant Religion: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner's Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

London and Mr. Barrington do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garilbns, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Deficiencies of all the Lottery Annuities, and other Funds payable at the Exchequer; and-also the Account of the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornipg.

Mr, Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Afarf/V, 5* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayer*.

MR. Ash, from the Board of Ordnance, presented lo Ordnance the House, pm fount to their Address to his Ma- Estimate. jesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, for Land Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; r^s.

A

3 Geo. I. 5" Martii.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1717.

For Land Service.

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising f. Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, and other incident Charges 38,835

The Establishments of Ma

Annopolis, Placentia, and North Britain ----- 9,962

For Rebuilding of Landguard Fort - 2,975 Building a grand Powder Magazine at

Tilbury ----- 5,800

Building a Powder Magazine at 1,200

Building a Bras*-foundery at Woolwich 2,700

Building Store-houses at Plymouth 3,000

Building a Barrack for 50 Soldiers at

Upnor Castle - 1,400

Building Barracks for a Regiment of Foot

at Bertcick - - - - 4,937

Half Pay of the Officers, and Chaplain, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions ----- 2,266

s.

1

3

15

10

11

d.

6

9

9

7

8

Memorandum: £. 73,077 9 3

Particulars for which nothing is demanded.

Minorca, Gibraltar,

Annopolis, Placentia. Edw. Ashe,

Tho. Erie, M. RichJohn Armstrong.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Lloufe.

feriftol A Petition of Philip preeke, and Thomas Edwards Election, junior, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read;

letting forth. That the Right of electing Members of Parliament for the City of Bristol is vested in the Freemen and Freeholders of the same City; and that the Petitioners, together with Sir William Dairies, and Joseph Earle Esquire, stood Candidates; and that, after, the Election was ended, an Indenture was made between the said Sheriffs and the Freemen and Freeholders of the said City, importing, That the said Petitioners were duly elected; which Indenture was executed by many of the Freemen and Freeholders, and by Mr. Taylor, One of the said Sheriff's, who attended the whole Poll (but the other Sheriff" was absent during the greatest Part of the Time); the said Indenture wa3, by the said Mr. Taylor, fattened and sealed to the Writ; but the said Sheriffs have unduly and falsly returned the said Sir William Daines, and Joseph Earle, Members for the said City; and, by undue Practice, fevered the Writ from the said Indenture: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Cambridge A Petition of GranadoPigott Esquire was presented to Election, the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Cambridge, the Petitioner, together with John Jenyns and John Bromley Esquires, ltood Candidates: That the said Mr. Bromley, being regularly requested to take the Oath appointed to be taken by an Act of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, he did begin to take the fame; but, when he came to specify where the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lay, he refused to proceed any further in the taking the said Oath: And that the said Mr. Jenyns and Mr. Bromley, by themselves, Friends, or Agents, were guilty of Bribery, Menaces, and other illegal Practices, and procured themselves to be returned to serve for the said County; in Prejudice to your Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Vol. 1*.

t

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

A Petition of William Hearst Esquire was presented to Shafteflmry the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, to E get her with Edward Nicholas Esquire, stood Candidates for the Borough of Shafton, alias Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset: That the said Edward Nicholas, by Bribery, Corruption, and other itidireft Practices, procured /himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough; in Prejudice to your Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the Mayor of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Oley Douglas Esquire was presented to Northumber-the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, land tletUon,' and Francis Delavall Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of Thomas Forster Esquire; and that the said Francis Delavall was returned by the Sheriff of the said County to serve as a Knight of the Shire for the same; although he was not duly qualified to be chosen, according to the late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons; and the Petitioner, being duly qualified, and had a Majority of unexceptionable Votes, ought to have been returned: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Great - Great low, in the County of Bucks, in behalf of themselves, and Marlow several others, who have a Right of Election for Members E'e&‘on-to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right honourable the Lord Shelburne, James Chafe, George Bruere, and Vincent Oakley, Esquires, stood Candidates for the said Borough; and that, after the Precept was opened and read, a Poll was demanded (there being a private Agreement made, without the Consent of the Petitioners, That the said James Chafe and Vincent Oakley should desist; and that the Lord Shelburne and James Bruere should be declared elected); the Petitioners often demanded a Poll; being averse to be represented by the said George Bruere] who, they were allured, was not duly qualified, according to Law, to be a Member: but the Constables of the said Borough returned the said George Bruere, contrary to the Laws of the Land: And praying.

That the Qualification of the said George Bruere may be examined into; and that they may have the Privilege of being represented by Persons of landed Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Joseph Gray, Stephen Gray, Richard Hoi- Ditto. loway, John Martin, and John Webb, Inhabitants, paying

Scotland Lot, within the said Borough of was presented to the House, and read; felting forth.

That the Right honourable the Lord Shelburne of the Kingdom of Ireland, Vincent Oakley, George Bruere, and James Chafe, Esquires, stood Candidates} who being met at the usual Place, the Sheriff’s Precept was read, and a Poll demanded; the Petitioners expectecl a Poll would have been taken; and no Poll was taken: That the said Lord Shelburne, by Menaces, open Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procured himself to be returned One of the Burgesses for the said Borough: And prayingRelief therein.

Ordered,

Miero{»’s

Nat.

Exporting Irish Linen.

488

Ordered, Tljat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Kuyckvau l

And the same was received; and read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being moved, That the Act, 30 and 4*

Anna Regina, Cap. 8. intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Lrish Linen Cloth to the Plantations; and to prohibit the Importation of Linen into Ireland;

and also a Clause in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp, Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread; and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned; might be read;

They were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to

171

the British Plantations: And that Mr. Bladen, Lord

Molesworth, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. JVyld, and Mr.

Broderick, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the \avy

Navy, prefehted to the House, pursuant to their Address Ei'timat*. to his Majesty, an Eftiinate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Itood on the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: And also,

A Scheme, or Estimate, of the Charge of the Works proposed to be carried on at his Majesty’s several Yards, to those Ships that are already in hand, and such as may he taken in hand, this Year; with the Nature of their Repairs, and the Time for beginning and completing each Ship, and their Sea Stores, to an Eight Months Proportion, according to the present View of Affairs, and the best Judgment that can be made of their Condition; as likewise for completing the Stores of those Ships that are already repaired; together with such extra Works at the Yards as are judged necessary to be performed the en-fuingYear:

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Scheme were read:

And the said Estimate and Scheme areas follows; viz.

50 Mart

Navy Office, 1 25th Jamary 1716. J

1

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Nav}% on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on the 31 ft of December 1716.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

PARTICULARS.

Before this Reign.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered on} the Course of the Navy for Stores, $c. supplied for> the Service thereof For the Freight of Tenders; as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills > were made out on the aforesaid 31 ft of December 1716 J To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordi-,) nary and Extraordinary thereof - - - - 3

For Half Pay to the Sea Officers, according to an Establish-,) rnent made by his Majesty in Council, on that behalf J

Seamens Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid} oft’ since the late Resolution; which, per Estimate, £ may require the Sum of - -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the abovesaid 31st of \

17*6.....- -j

To discharge, and payoff, all the Bills entered in Course'} for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to ( V'idows and Orphans of Men llain at Sea, 8$c. on C the Head of Seamens Wages

Victualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for Short-allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - j For Bills on their Course; and also Bills of Exchange from-} foreign Parts; and for necessary and extra-necessary f Money, and Wages, to the Officers, Workmen, and f Labourers, employed at the several Ports, <$c. - -J

Sick and Wounded: The Debt of that Office, as per' an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of lick and wounded} Seamen lent alhore from his Majesty’s Fleet, and the > Contingences relating to the said Service - -)

Total - -

£. s. d.

446 17 8

3,199 9 6

110,760-----

55,827-----

81,810 18 5

7,576

10

1,304 13 2

Since this Reign.

£. s. d. 208,1^9 — — T

260,924 19 7

13,341 9 3

215,278-----

33,480 18 6

16,882 12 6

318,376 — —

7,697-----

TOTAL.

14,340 — 9

120,872 9 5

224,599 9 5

7,271 14 3

955,739 4 8

£. s. d.

) 473,945 14 1*

509,542 12 6

8,576 7 5

1,216,664 4 3

Cha. Wager, James Acworth, Cha. Sergifon, Da. Lyidell, J. Burton, J. Fabler, Thomas Swanton.

Memorandum:

r

O

cq’

« I-

n'

CD

Q-

CT

O

o

C§

FT

<1

o

r

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1716, in Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock, as under mentioned;

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforefind Debt of the Navy; vix.

In what Treasurer's Hands,

InMONlES, TALLIES, a*d SOUTH SEA STOCK;

o

Memorandum: The Balance of Money, Tallies, fyc. in the Hands of the Executors of Sir Thomas Littleton, late Treasurer of the Navy, on the 31st of December 1716, flood in this Office at - 10,897 5 —

But Mr. Francis Hawes, who was Caftuer to the said Treasurer, has.

£ s. d.

4,836 13 11.,

4,068 8 6-

905 2 5

Char. Ccefar, Esquire.

on behalf of his Executory certified to have formerly paid to the Lord Chief Baron, and to the Auditors of the Imprest, 8$c. for Fees and Allowances for passing the Leidgers since the Year 1700, the Sum of

As also, that there has been paid, between the 31st October and 31st

December last, by Warrant from the Right honourable the Lords of the

Treasury, the Sum of - - -J 1,992 2 7

So remains, over and above the Alignments made by the Navy Board,7 the Sum of- - ----- --3

In Money - - - - _ -

In South Sea Stock ——

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

d.

- Right honourable John

Esquire.

tn

O

a

w

g

r In Money - -

In Tallies on Reversions of Annuities.

- - - on the Land Tax, Anno 1715

( - - - on Malt, Anno 1715 -

- - - on Land Tax, Anno 1716 -

In Bank Annuities, of 5/. per Cent.

In Money, towards the Debt for the sick and hurt Seamen

7,830 3 7i 101 18 9i

13,669 6 3f

12

21,613 10 3i

Seamens Wages.

(Jit

Tl

~9U

69,978 1

5i

5.161 17 10

75,149 10 3i

Visuals.

Referred for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall please to dined.

£ * d.

26 7 8

24 16 7 2,129 16 9

1,940 13 10

138 14 i*

4,260 8 114-

£ s- d.

1,965 14 n

TOTAL

s.

1.99 2 10,096

7

9

7,68i 9 3 39,089----- r-

>,379 5f Vti 33$ j-

22,000----- — > 0

188 10 ,3$

72,303 14 lit

*73,327 4 5i

Memorandum: Of the Sum of Money voted by the Heuse of Commons for last Year’s Naval Service, there is £ 334,339- gi. 1 act yet received.

OO

3 Geo. I. 5° Martii.

Chatham

Navy Office, 29th January 1J

Place when-

Deptford

Woohoich -

Chatham -

A SCH E M E and Estimate of the Charge of the Works proposed to be carried on at his Majesty’s several Yards, to those Ships that are already in hand, and such as may be taken in hand this Year; with the Nature of their Repairs, and the time for beginning and completing each Ship, and their Sea Stores, to au Eight Months Propor- VO tion, according to the present View of Affairs, and the bell Judgment, that can be made of their Condition; as likewise for completing the Stores of those Ships O that are already repaired; together with such extra’ Works at the Yards, as are judged necessary to be performed the ensuing Year.

V.

Ships Names. Nature Time when to be Eft imate of the Charge of the

Rate. of their Repairs. Id what Dock. f Taken in hand. Completed. V r " Hulls. ' V Rigging and Stores. TOTAL.

3 Torbay Rebuilding Head of the Double Dock In hand - Uncertain £ 5,000 £ iC- 5,oooo

4 Medway - D* - West Slip - - - D®- - - D® - 5,000 - 5,000

Salisbury - Great, or d® East Slip - - - D® October next - - 3,998 »,537 5,535

5 Dower Middling - Stern of the Double Dock - D® May next . 2,9 >7 1,386 4,303

Gosport Great New Dock - - - D®- October next - - 4,493 1,291 5,7*4

6 Shark Sloop Small Stern of the Double Dock - D® Next Month - - 278 453

Bland ford - D® - - D® ..... May next ... June next - 1 l6 486 602

4 Nottingham Rebuilding East Slip - Uncertain - Uncertain - 1,000 - 1,000

To carry on the rebuilding the old Store-house, with an additional Story, and 80 F. more in Length, beside old Materials, and such as? 1,100 200

are already provided - For completing the Dry Dock in hand -

t . Britannia - Rebuilding Double Dock - - I11 hand - Uncertain - 7,500 - 7,500

3 Revenge - D® - D® ..... D® - D® - - 4,500 - 4,5oo

4 Guernsey - D® - East New Slip D* - November next - 5,500 2,266 7,766

Crown Small Double Dock - D® ..... May next - - - 1,700 1,289 2,980

Warwick - Middling - D® - - D® - May next 3,500 1,207 4,707

Proposed to be carried on this Year Part of the Work for a Mall Dock, for the better Security of Masts in Store, which lie very much' exposed, by inclosing the old Mall Pond; the Whole being estimated at 2,712/. - - - - -J To rebuild the Joiner’s Shop, Ac. at the End of the new Rigging-house; with the Pitch-house, Ocham-house, Forge for the Locksmith,' and Conveniencies for the inferior Officers, besides their old Materials and those of the old Mast-house 1 m " 500 950

To build a Top-house, besides the old Materials 110

To finish the new Rigging-house - 135

.2 Prince Great lit new Dock In hand - - - August next - - 9,000 2,235 u,235

3 Newark - Rebuilding Head of the double Dock - D° ..... May next 4,000 2,833 6,833

Russell Small 2d new Dock - D® ..... Next Month - - 500 1,790 ' 2,290

4 Windsor - Middling - Stern of the double Dock - D® ..... D® ... - 500 919 1,419

Norwich - Rebuilding South Slip - D® - - - Uncertain - 4,050 - 4,050

3 Cumberland Small 2d new Dock - Middle of February next - Beginning of Mar. next - 300 1,812 2,172

4 Swallow - D® - - Stern of the Double Dock - Next Month - - - May next - 800 i>735 2,535

3 Burford - D° - - - 2d new Dock - Beginning of Mar. next Middle of Mar. next - 280 1,783 2,063

Essex D® - D® ..... Middle of Mar. next Beginning of Apr. next 280 1,767 2,047

Cn

Martii. 171

r*"

D

eg'

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

o

oo_

FT

T Place where.

►4

00

Rate.

Chatham - - {

Ships Names.

Plymouth -

Anglesey -Hampton Court Suffolk

D* -D* -Small Great Rebuilding

Union - - Middling -

To complete the new Anchor Wharf To complete the old Angle Dock For a Frick Wall at the End of the Yard

Edinburgh

Nature of their Repairs.

In what Dock.

D* -

Stern of the double Dock 2d new Dock -Head of the double Dock 2d new Dock -i ft new Dock -

Tims when to be

Taken in Hand.

Middle of April next May next

Beginning of May next May next

July next - -

August next -

Completed.

Beginning of May next

September next

July next

Uncertain

IP -

D*-

r 5 Portsmouth Middling - In hand -

) Lark Small - " - - April next -

Sheerness - - ( 4 Tyger Rebuilding The Slip- - - - Uncertain -

This Month June next Uncertain

To make a Tank between the new Store-house, and Rigging-house, to hold fresh Water

Portswuth

A

1 Royal William - Rebuilding- Great Stone - In hand - -

3 Monmouth - D* - - - Slip - D*

4 Kingston - D° - South Dock - D°

Bristol Middling - Old Dock IP- - -

Non such - D* - - D° I)° -

5 Mermaid - D* - D*- D° - - - , - -

Sheerness - D* - D°- ..... Beginning of next Month -

4 Mary Great Old Dock ... Last of March next -

Sutherland D° - - - D°- - - June next -

Uncertain

D*-

D*-

Mar. next D*-

This Month April next Uncertain D*-

in

H

Plymouth

To complete the new Anchor Wharf -

To complete the remaining Part of the i o new Mast-houses -

For building a new Top-house, 100 F long, 21 F in Breadth, and 12 F‘ high to the Plate To complete the Five Houses building for the Officers -

The Slip -The Dock D#-

The Slip -The Dock

Rebuilding Middling -

D* Rebuilding

Middling

s

tv

In hand -D*-

March next September next December next -serviceable Materials sent to Deptford

Winchester Dunkirk -St. Albans -Deptford -Antelope - For taking the Nottingham to Pieces, and her

D° the Tyger to Sheerness ——

Te complete the new dry Dock -

For building Two new Rooms in addition to the Mast-house, to receive the Masts of the Ships in ordinary, . the Weather ——

September next Next Month -October next -Uncertain D°-

and preserving them from

EfUmate of the Charge of the

Hulls.

L

300

1,600

1,560

6.000 800

5.000

180

5to

1,500

10,000

5.000 '2,500

2.000

2,500

400

U56o

7,400

4,000

2,212

341

1,715

2,331

1,000

400

300

Rigging and Stores.

1,517

1,791

1,008

504

885

992

924

727

724

385

497

1,683

v

total.

1,817

3,391

2,56s

6.000 800

5.000

2.000

4,997

213.

684

1,395

1.500 169 366

10,00a

5.000

2.500 2,992 3,424

1,127

2,284

7,400

4,00a

200

20a

200

2,05?

2,597

83a

3,398

2,331

1,00a 400 30a 4,350 j 662

3 Geo. I. g6 Martiu

Supply.

492 50 Martii. A. 1756.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of completing the Rigging, Ground Tackle, and Stores,

for the Ships under mentioned, already repaired.

Place where.

Woolwich -

Chatham - - {

Rate.

Ships Names.

Sum.

Place where.

5

Feverskam -Folkstone -

446 i

a

3

4

Marlborough - 1,9*4

Sandwich - - 1,516

Bredah - 738

Lenox 171

Royal Oak . r . 268

Defyance - - 214

Greenwich - - 1,906

Rupert - 644

Advice - 1,859

Tilbury - 667

£ 10,463

Portsmouth - (

Rate. Ships Names. Sum.

Brought over - £ 10,463

5 Southampton 418

Looe 180

2 Blenheim - 2,060

Neptune - 516

Rami lies - . - 1,709

St. George - 3,247

3 Boyn 1,312

Humber 1,287

Grafton - 854

Kent 1,500

4 Montague - 81S

Rippon 778

Total - - £ 25,142

ABSTRACT.

For carrying on the Works of Ships - -- 126,278-----

Completing the Rigging, Ground Tackle, and Stores, to an Eight Months Proportion, for such

as are proposed to be finished this Year - - 36,251 — - —

Extra Buildings, judged necessary, as before recited - - - - - 18,411-----

Completing the Rigging, Ground Tackle, and Stores, for Part of the Ships as are already

repaired .....- 25,142 — — ,

Cha. Wager, - Ja. Ackworth, Cha. Total - - £ 206,082 — —

A. Burton, D. Lyddell, J. Fowler. lft March 1716.

Memorandum: The Ships under mentioned having been ordered for Sea Service finoe this Scheme was prepared, the Sums against them may be deducted from this Estimate, and left to the Head of Wear and Tear; vis.

Cumberland -Burford Royal Oak -.

Montague -

Which Sum of 5,321 /. being deducted as abovesaid, there will remain for extra Repairs the Sum of £200,761.

- 2,172

- - - 2,063

- - - 268

- - - 818

Total - - £ 5,321

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Scheme do lie upon the Table,_ to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where they were read and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be allowed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, beginning from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred twenty-six thousand Seven hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Five Shillings Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, including Half Pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred fifty-nine thousand Nine hundred Forty-three Pounds One Shilling 19 r

Ten Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty for maintaining Guards, Garilbns, and other his Majesty s I^ind Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That wholocver shall

advance or lend any Sum, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Services of the Publick by Sea or Land, shall be repaid the same with interest at Four Pounds per Cent, out of the First Aid to be granted this Session of Parliament.

A Question being proposed, That this House will, on all Occasions, maintain, in the most strict and inviolable manner, all Parliamentary Engagements;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " on all Occasions maintain, in the mott strict " and inviolable njanner," and to insert " effectually make " good the Deficiencies of

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out do stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " efe " fectually make good the Deficiencies of," be inserted, instead thereof;

The same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will effectually make good the Deficiencies of all Parliamentary Engagements.

Resolved,

National

Debt.

fciJhop’ts

Cattle

fclediou.

New Radnor Eiedion.

Naval

Rebuildings and Repairs.

?nni(his>g Mutiny and Desertion.

SuppTy.

3 Geo. I.- 5" — 6° —

Jlefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con fid er of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pray ers.

ISAAC Kuyckvan Mierop took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of Edward Harley Esquire, commonly called Lord Harley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop; and had a Majority of legal Votes; but that Charles Mafonand Richard Harneage Esquires,

.by themselves and Agents, and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured themselves to be returned; and that the find Charles Mason was not qualified as the Law requires; his Estate being under Extent to the Crown for a great Sum of Money appropriated by Act of Parliament: And praying Relief therein.

A Petition of the said Edward Harley Esquire, commonly called Lord Harley, w-as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election for the Borough of New Radnor, and the other Boroughs in that County; and that a very great Majority of the legal Voters did appear, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; but Mr. Samuel Bur-Ion, Builiflf of the said Borough, refused to admit them, and returned Thomas Leans Esquire, junior, who is not qualified as the Law requires; and the said Thomas Lewis, and others, by Menaces, Bribes, and other illegal Practices, endeavoured to influence the Electors to give their Votes against the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with their Opinion^ thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the.House, purl'uant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Rebuildings, and extra’ Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra’ Works, performed at his Majesty’s several Yards in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen; with the belt Computations of the Charge of the said Works, that could be made by the Officers of the said Yards: And also.

An Account of the Rebuildings, and extra Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra’ Works, performed at his Majesty’s several Yards in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; with the best Computations of the Charge of the find Works, that could be made by the Officers of the said Yards:

A nd the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Horatio Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^onfider further of the Supply granted-to his Majesty; Ordered, That the Scheme, and Estimate of the Charge, Vot. 18.

f Martii. 493

of the Works proposed to be carried on at his Majesty’s several Yards to those Ships that are already in Hand, and such as may be taken in Hand this Year; with the Nature of their Repairs, and the time for beginning and completing each Ship, and their Sea Stores, to an Eight Months Proportion, according to the present View of Affairs, and the best Judgment that can be made of their Condition; as likewise for completing the Stores of those Ships that are already repaired; together with such extra* Works at the Yards as are judged necessary to be performed the ensuing Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, for Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of die Rebuildings, and extra’ Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra’ Works, performed at his Majesty’s several Yards in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen; with the best Computations of the Charge of the said Works, that could be made by the Officers of the said Yards; be referred Ip the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Rebuildings, and extra’ Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra* Works, performed at his Majesty’s several Yards in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; with the best Computations of the Charge of the said Works, that could be made by the Officers of the said Yards; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-re6ted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the Hqufe, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army: And that Mr. Comptroller and Mr. Craggs do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Wells, upon Friday the Twenty-ninth Day of

instant.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 70 Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716. -P p A Y e r s.

A PETITION of Thomas Johnes Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cardigan, the Petitioner, and Lewis Price Esquire, stood Candidates: That several Persons, qualified to vote . would have polled for the Petitioner, were, by Threats, and other undue Means, hindered so to do; but admitted

6 £ others

Commissioners for Army Debts*

Wells

Ele&iom

Cardigan

Election*

494

8° Mar

A. 17 id.

others to poll for the said Lewis Price, who refused to take the Oaths; by which illegal Practices, the said Lewis Price procured himself to be returned for the said County; in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lidoration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-

Sirt the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the ouie.

Lode* by Mr. L&tttides presented to the House an Account of foe

Bebellioa. J/jlfes and Damages which his Majesty’s Subjects sustained by reason of the tumultuous and rebellious Proceedings in federal Counties, as found by Commissioners, upon a Commission out of the Exchequer; touching which Loflfes and Damages, an Addrefc of this House, in the last Session of Parliament, was'presented' to his Majesty: And foe Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That foe said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of foe whole House, Who are so consider for ther of foe Supply granted to his Majesty.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Supply.

Saltufh

Elation.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider for ther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in jit the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Seven hundred Party-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings Two Pence, bp granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in the Plantations in America for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Refohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sutn, not exceeding Fifty-fevep thousand Twenty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in Minorca for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand One hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings Nine Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garison in Gibraltar for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Seventy-seven Pounds Nine shillings Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Lana Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Seven hundred Sixty-one Pounds, be granted to his Majesty for extraordinary Works and Repairs of his Majesty’s Navy, and fomishing such Sea Stores as are necessary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

The laid Resolutions were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Gtaieftion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Treoor Hill and Martin Bladen Esquires,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Election of Members for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and William Shippeft and Shilstan Calmady Esquires, flood Candidates:

The Petitioners wete duly chosen for the said Borough by a Majority of legal Voters; and ought to have been returned; but, by the reason of the great Irregularities and Partialities of the Mayor of the said Borough, and several 18

others, ’and by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, the said Mr. Shippen and Mr. Calmady procured themselves to be

returned for the said Borough; in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 8° die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

MR. Lcncndes presented to the House, pursuant to Deficiency of

their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Sooth Sea Deficiency of Annuities of Six hundred thousand, and Annuity. Eight thousand, Pounds per Annum, for the South Sea Company, for foe Year to end at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz*

8th March 1714.

An Estimate of the Deficiency of the Annuities of 600,000l. and 8,000l. per Annum, for the South Sea Company, for the Year to end at Christmas 1717.

The Net Produce of the several Duties £. s. d. settled for Payment of the said Annuities, according to a Medium of their Produce in the Year ended at Christmas 1716, will amount to -535,247 13 2

Whereof the proportional Part, to be applied towards Principal and Interest retting on the General Mortgage of 1710, and not subscribed into South Sea Stock, will, by Efti-mation, amount unto - 93,749 18 9-f

441,497 14

So the Deficiency to be issued to the Treat urer of the Navy, to make good the Money which -will be demanded of him for the said Company, will, by Efthnation, amount unto ----- 166,502 5

4i

72

£. 608,000-----

This, in Obedience to lib Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of this honourable House, is humbly presented by me, Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways next, relblve Hself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Iloufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, Morning.

Mr.

Supply

3 Geo. I. 8° — 90 — -i i° Martii. 495

Mr. Fdrrer al so acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this IlOulb will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 90 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

IlieTop’# A RILL for naturalizing Isaac Nat/ X was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lyddall’, Sir Wm. Mr. Bell, Sir

Norris, Lord Molesworth, Lord Colonel

Bladen, Mr. Treby, Sir Isaac Mr. Shepheard,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Orl. Bridgtnan, Mr. Sir Wm.

Lowlher, Mr. Travers, Mr. Halden, Sir Geo.

der. Lord Carbury, Mr. Bond, Mr. Henley, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Jefbp, Mr. Covetitry, Mr. Chetwynd, S'nlVm. Whitlock, Colonel Chandler, M r. Papillon, Mr. Brodrick,

Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr- Hopkins, Mr. Norris, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Morice, Mr. Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Cart-

wright, Sir Tho. Seamen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hern, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Britiffe, Lord Cajllecomer, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Romney, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Lomther, Mr. Lade, Mr. Powkt: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wear A Petition of several Merchants, Fitters, Mailers of Navigation. Ship, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, in the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, ,on behalf of themselves, and of several other Inhabitants of the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Sunderland is situate on the River Wear, and is a Town of great Trade, and very populous; and that a great Quantity of Coals, Salt, ana other Merchandizes, are yearly shipped from thence, and sent to divers Places; to the great Increase of the publick Revenue: But the said River and Harbour has been of late much prejudiced, and choked in its Chanels, and the Depth of Water exceedingly lessened by Sands thrown up by the Sea; and other gross Matters waihed or brought down by Land Floods, is a Lessening of the Trade on the said River, and in the said Port: That the amending the Abuses and Inconveniences aforesaid, and making the said Chanel deep, and more navigable, will be a Means of keeping low the Price of Coals j and much tend to the Preservtion of the said Port, and Increase of Trade: And praying, Thatlfeave may be given to bring in a Rill for the amending the Abuses and Inconveniences; and for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr^ Hedworth and Mr. Conyers do prepre, and bring in, the fame.

Soj>p!y. Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-six thousand Five hundred Two Pounds Five Shillings Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to

Vo 1.. 18.

enable the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Payments, which, in the Year ending at next, may

be demanded of him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament for completing the Funds of Six hundred Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, payable to the South Sea Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Three Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Losses and Damages which his Majesty’s Subjects sustained by reason of the tumultuous and rebellious Proceedings in several Counties; which Losses and Damages are found, by Inquisitions taken upon Commissions iflfued out of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

The said Resolutions were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay ii° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, That a Person at- Dagenham.

tended from the Trustees for the repairing the Breach. Breach in the River of Thames, at Havering and Dagenham;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the speedyand effectual prefer ving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for ascertaining the Coal-measure; the Account of the said Trustees; and a Copy of Captain John Perry'%

Contraft for the Stopping of the said Breach.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, and of the said Copy of the Contraft, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and the said Copy of the Contraft, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, and Copy of the Contraft, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Public House an Account of the publick Debts at the Exchequer, as they now stand; distinguishing what the Funds are, when granted, how long since granted, what Term remains; how much the original Principal Money was, how much has been since paid off, and how much remains; and what the annual Inlereft is, that is paid, or payable, for the Principal Sums advanced.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and "d Mean* Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morninj.

Mr. farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House^ to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr.

L

49<S ii" — 12* — 13* Martii. A. 1716.

tSmiiiiing Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Mutiny and Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and IMertion. for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj 12* Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Liverpoole A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Dock. Jl\ and Common Council, of the Borough of

in the County Palatine of Lancaster', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being appointed Trustees in and by an Act of Parliament, pttfTed in the Eighth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Ba-son, at Liverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from thence, have, as far as in them lay, carried on the said Work, and laid out the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, and upwards, and made it capable of taking in Ships; but the said Dock is not yet perfected; and there being only a Clause reserved, in the said Act, for the borrowing the Sum of Six thousand Pounds on Credit of the Duty by the said Act granted; and the Term for which the same is so granted being only One-and-twenty Years; which is not sufficient for the perfefling such Dock; and that the Petitioners have already advanced, and taken up at Interest, several great Sums, over and above the said Six thousand Pounds: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Johnson, and Mr. Norris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Ma-Petition. jesty’s Gaol at Winton, in the County of in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses and Miffortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement; and are daily perishing for Want, and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying, That Leave may be give not bring in a Bill for their Relief:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Punishing ’ A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the Mutiny and better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was, Desertion. according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wear Mr. Hedworth presented to the House, according to Navigation. Order, a Bill for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the Firlltime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

teen, upon alt Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty for the Union, be laid Upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty for the Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Farr eMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Horatio Walpole, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 130 die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AB IL L for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and Pun>niinR for the better Payment of the Army, and their Mutiny and Quarters; was read a Second time. . Defeitkm. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom Mierop’* the Bill for naturalizing Isaac Kuyckvan Mierop, was Nat. committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he

w */

delivered the Bill in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Land Tax. Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Johnson presented to the House, according Liverpool* to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Dock. Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Bason, at Liverpoole, for Security of all

Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followed);

’Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, fee raised, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seven-

Resolved, That no Bill be ordered to be brought in on Order re-any Petition for repairing or amending any Highway; or speeting Bill* for making or cleansing any Port or Harbour; or for

making any River navigable; or for any other Work and (janajs< proposed to be carried on by Tolls or Duties to be levied on the Subject, in particular Places; till such Petition has been referred to a Committee, anil they have examined the Matter thereof, and reported the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Time granted Liverpoole by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her Dock.

' late

Supply.

Supply Bill uuidTu.

3 <560.1, 14* Martii. 497

lata Majesty Queen A imp, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or fiaion, at for Security

of all Ships trading to apd from the said Port of pole, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved,"That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the IJoufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 1die;

Anno 3" Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prat ees.

j A BI L L for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a f\Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, was read a Second time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

llefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for exequting the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and rlaces, for which there have been used to be Comnpiftioners j and that tho -Christian and Surnames of the said ComnoffiionerB be written at Length.

The House being informed, That a Period from the Public Debts, Earl of Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt at the Exchequer, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Publick Debts at the Exchequer, as they now stand; distinguishing what the Funds are, when granted, how long since granted, iwhat Term remains; how much the original Principal Money was, how much has been since paid off, and hovy much remains; and what the apnual Sums are that are paid, or payable, for the principal Sums advanced; with the Rate of interest, exclusive of the Deficiencies of Pafliamedtaty Grants.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 18.

6 L

Ax

Av ACCOUNT of the Publick Debts at the Exchequer, as they now stand; distinguishing what the Funds are, when granted, how long since granted, what Term remains; how much the original Principal Money was, how much has been since paid off, and how much remains; and what the annual Sums are that are paid, or payable, for the principal Sums advanced, with the Rate of Interest, exclusive of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Grants.

A&sof Parliament, and Rates of Interest. LOTTERIES. When granted. How long since granted. What Term remains. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been since paid off. How much remains unpaid. What the annual Sums are.

10/. Lottery, Anno 1710, by way of Annuity. £. s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

The Act of the Eighth of Queen Anne, Charges a Duty of Three Shillings per Chaldron ► on Coals, and an additional Duty on Windows,1 \ for the Term of 32 Years - - - -! 1 Michaelmas; 1710. 6 Years and a Quarter. 25 Years and 3 Quarters. 1,000,000 — — m !,500, OOOO — - — 135,000

9/. perCent. 10/. Lottery, Anno 1711.

The Act of the j Ninth of Queen Anne, 61, per Cent, and the Principal to be repaid. Charges a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage^1 > upon exported Goods, from the 8th of 1 1710; a Duty of Two Shillings a Chaldron on Coals, from the 8th of 1710; an additional Duty of \ da Pound on Tallow Candles, and Four Pence a Pound on Wax Candles, from 25th March 1711, for the Term of 32 Years ----- Michaelmas ' 1711. 5 Years and a Quarter. 26 Years and 3 Quarters. L928,570 262,500 — . — 1,666,070 135,000 — —

Clafe Lottery, Anno 1711.

Another Act of ' the Ninth of Queen Anne, ' 61, per Cent, and the Principal to be repaid. > ff 1 1 Charges 700l. a Week out of the Post Office, from Michaelmas 1711; the Duty on Lea- ther, 8$c. One Peny a Pound, from 24th June 17115 new Stamp-duty on Bills of Lading, Almanacks, Licences, and Certificates, from the ift of August 1711; Duty of Five Shillings a Week on Eight hundred Hackney Coaches, from the 24th 1715; and Ten Shillings per Annum on Two hundred Hackney Chairs, from the 24th June 1711; and a Duty of Six Pence a Pack on Cards, and Five Shillings a Pair on Dice, from the 11th June 1711; all for the Term of 32 Years ----- J Michaelmas ' 1711. D* - - D* - - - . 2,602,200 — — - ► 76,230 — ~ 2»525,97o 186,670 — —

14® Martii. A. 1716.

r

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

Act of Parliament, O and p* Rates of Interest. When granted. How long since granted.

— oo 10/. Lottery, Amo 1712;

The Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne, 61. per Cent, and the Principal to be repaid. Charges the Duty of One Peny a Pound on Soap,' } from the 1 oth of June 1712; Fifteen Pounds per Centum, ad valorem, on foreign printed, painted, or stained. Linen; Six Pence a Yard on Silks; Three Pence a Yard on Callicoes; and Two Pence a Yard on Linens and Stuffs printed, painted, and stained, in Britain, from the 20th of July 1712; several Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, and Books, from the 24th of June 17125a new Stamp-duty on Surrenders; Two Shillings and Three Pence on every Transfer of Stock in any Company; and the Stamp-duty on Newspapers, $c. from the lft of August 1712; all for the Term of 3 2 Years , Christmas ' 1712. . 1 1 4 Years. k

N Another Act of v the Tenth of Queen Anne, J 61. per Cent. and the Principal to be repaid Class Lottery, Anno 1712.

Charges the additional Duty of a Ifalfpeny a' } Pound on Leather, from the iftof August 1712; Twelve Pence a Pound on Coffee; Two Shillings a Pound on Tea; and Twenty Pounds per Centum, ad valorem, on Drugs, from the lft August 1712; Duty of Eight Pence an Ounce onGiltWire, and Six Pence an Ounce on Silver Wire, imported from the lit July 1712; and a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence upon Policies of Insurance, Ac.; all for the Term of 32 Years - yMiehaelmas 1712. 4 Years and a Quarter.

By Letters Pa- tenjs of the 13th of October 1713; and by an Act of the Eleventh of Queen Anne, 4 1.per. Cent. and the Principal to be repaid. Civil List Lottery, Anno 1713. Charges die Civil List Revenues with the an- "I \ nuaf Sum of 35,000l. for the Term of 32 ' Years - - Michaelmas > 1713. 3 Years and a Quarter.

I I What the annual Sums are.

What Term Remains. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been since paid off. How much remains unpaid.

£. d. £. f. d. ' £. t. d. £* s. d.

28 Years. 2,341,740 83,220 2,258,520 168,003

27 Years and 3 Quarters. 2,34i»990 — — 9 29r9 25 2,312,065 168,003

28 Years and 3 Quarters. 633,010 33,820 — — ... 599,190 35i°oo

3 Geo. I. 140 Mar tit. 499

g

(Q

t — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

oo

FT

A tfs of Parliament,' 'and

Rates of Interest.

LOTTERIES.

The Act of the^ i "tli of Queen Anne, and lft of King George,

ill

O O

ss

ifeS ->

tj i*

E I

9$ t t

1*

19

C*

Is

£ t

V

*3

Lottery Act, Anno 1714.

Charges a Duty of One Pony a Pound on foreign Soap, and a Halfpeny a Pound on Soap ’ made in Great Britain, from the 2d of August 1714; additional Duty on Paper, Ac. from the same time; Coals exported on foreign Bottoms, Five Shillings a Chaldron, and, on British Bottoms, Three Shillings a Chaldron; and the Deficiency to be yearly computed at Michaelmas, and to be made good out of any unappropriated Money; for the Term of 32 Years -

When granted!

Michaelmas

1714.

The Act of the^ Fifth and Sixth I of King William and Queen Mary,

And by an Act of the Seventh,) of Queen Anne,

61.per Cent.

For the Bank, upon their Annuities.

Charges Five Seventh-parts of the Second additional Nine Pence per Barrel Excite, for railing 1,200,000l.; granting to all Persons Liberty to subscribe any Sum not exceeding 20,000l. in One Name; for which an Annuity of 100,000l. shall be paid, and the Subscribers be incorporated by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the lft of August 1694 to the lft of August 1705; when upon a Year’s Notice, and Re-payment of the Capital, the Corporation to cease -The Bank lent 400,000l. more, without any additional Interest; that is to say, they reduced the Interest of their primitive Stock from Eight to Six per Centum; which, with 4,000l. per Annum, for Management, fills up the original 100,000l. Annuity: This 400,000l. and the J,200,000l. to be repaid before the Corporation be difl’olved -

How long ' since granted.

2 Years and a Quarter.

3>

What Term , remains. j

2g Years and 3 Quarters.

flfow much the original! Principal Money was.

£. s. d.

1,876,400 —

How much has been since paid off.

£. s. d.

64,300 —

How much remains t unpaid. I

£. ». d.!

1,812,100-----

What the annual Suras are.

3m dm

tn

,fO

Q

116,573 12 —

1,600,000-----

1,600,000-----

100,000-----

J

4<

wi

0\

r

Acts of Parliament, and Rates of Interest. F When granted. How long fines granted, What Term Remains. How mtieh the original Principal Money was. How much has h«M» Cnee paid o(f. How much remains unpaid. What the annual Sums are.

*- The Act of the Fifth of Queen Anne. Charge of the Duty upon Houses, or Windows,' from the i ft of Augtift 1710, for ever, for raising 1,500,000l. by issuing Exchequer Bills to that Value: By this Act the Bank undertook to circulate these Bills, upon the Consideration of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; and Exchequer Bills to be issued for the Interest, till the Fund commences: The Bank to remain a Corporation till the Bilb be £. s. d. £ s* d. $ £. d. £. d.

And by another Act of the Seventh of Queen Anne 61.per Cent. S Several Acts of the ' 7th, 8th, and 12th of Queen *. redeemed -It was Enacted, That the Bank should pay off, ’ and cancel, all the Exchequer Bills before extant; which amounted to 1,775,027/. 17*. io*rf.; upon allowing Six Pounds per Centum Interest for that Sum; to which Purpose, an Annuity was established of 106,501/. 17 6d. to be paid to the Bauk out of the Duty aforesaid, until the Principal be paid off, upon a Year’s Notice - - - - The Bank for Exchequer Bills. Grants 4,676,812/. 10s. 0 by issuing Exche- 1,775,027 17 lot a 0 . * wm »,775,027 17 ioi 106,501 17 6

By the Act of the First of King George, 7 /« 43. o per Cent. quer Bills . The Fund for thele Exchequer Bills is the General or Aggregate Fund m m <» 4,670,81210 — 115,787 IO — 4,561,02 5 328,561 18 6f

Us>

o

w

o

o

5

Cn '

O

V

Acts of Parliament, and

Rates oi interest.

East India Company.

When granted-

Two Acts of the Ninth of King William,

J

By one Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne,

5/. per Cent.

By the Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne,

Two Acts of the Ninth and Tenth of Queen Anne , and One Act of the First of King George,

61. per Cent.

Grants additional Duties on Stamp Paper and^ Parchment, from the iftof August 1698; and a Duty of 28 d.a Bushel on Salt, from 1698 and 1669, for ever: Both thele Duties are given for 160,000l. per Annum; to raise by Subscriptions, 2,000,000l. at Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum; the Subscribers to have the lble Liberty of trading to the East Indies', redeemable upon Payment of the Principal, and Three Years Notice after Michaelmas 1711.

It is Enacted, That the East India Company shall pay into the Exchequer 1,200,000l.; to have their Eight per Centum, granted them in the

Ninth of King William, reduced to Five per

Cent, per Amum; and to have the Trade to India continued to them solely to Lady-day 1726: This, together with the former Sum advanced, with all Arrears of the 160,000l. to be repaid, before the Company should be

I determined.

[The Corporation of the East India Company, and their foie Trade, made perpetual; but the Fund may be redeemed, upon Three Years Notice after the 25th March 1733, upon Repayment by Parliament what is due to such Companies as shall be then entitled thereunto

South Sea Company.

600,000l. per Annum is charged upon feveraK Duties, Impositions, §c. to the South Sea Com-J panyi and 8,000l. per Annum, for Management for paying the Interest of 10,000,000l. at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum: The Company to continue for ever; but the annua! Sum of 608,000l. to cease, upon a Year’s Notice after the 2.5th of December, 1716 repaying what shall then be due to the Company —

o

g

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

A)

Acts of Parliament,

C v and

t* Rates of Interest.

oo 7

When granted.

Years Purchase.

The Act of the" 4th of King William and Queen Mary, and of the 7th, \ 9th, 10th, and 11 th of King William, and lft of Queen Anne, j ll Years and a Half,

12 Years,

11 Yeats, and 15 Years.

Annuities, 14I. per Cent, afterwards turned into a certain Term of 99 Years.

Grants gd. per Barrel Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Term of 99 Years - -

Survivors.

\25th January,) 1692.

The Act of the j Fourth of King I William and / Queen Mary,

7/. per Cent.

The Act of the '; Fifth df King William and Queen Mary, and of the 7th, 9th, 10th, and 11th, of King William, and First of Queen Anne, '

The same Nine Pence is charged, with a further " Sum, on the Benefit of Survivorship, till the Number of Survivors be reduced to Seven;

and then the Share, or Seventh-part, of each of thepn, as they die, to revert to the Crown

Annuities on -fths Excise.

Grants Two Seventh-parts of a Nine Pence per Barrel Excise to Subscribers, for raising 300,000l. in Annuities, from the 29th September 1694, at the Rate of 14/. person One Life, 12 I. per Cent, upon Two Lives, or 10/. per Cent, on Three Lives; which was thus advanced:

s

How long fmce granted.

24 Years.

1

What Term remains. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been since paid off. Iiow much remains unpaid. 1 What the Annual Sums are.

' £. s. d. £. d. jJO d» 1 1 £. <L i ! i

75 Years. i V491,639 6 10 1 m m I i hA9h^39 6 10 i ! 1 1 124,866 ——

m m 108,100 m 1 i I 1 108,100 i t 1 i 7,567 —

1 I ( i 1 i

7.wm I oao.

g

cq!

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Acts of Parliament, and Rates of Interest. When granted.

' Principal Money. Upon One Life - - 107,847 13 9 Two Lives - 170,917 2 3 Three Lives - 2 1,235 4 — Annual Interest. 15»98 13 20,510 1 — 2,123 10 4

11 Years and a, Half, 12 Years, »i Years. 15 Years. 1 £. 300,000 — — Afterwards, by subse-] quest Acts, the full Term for Ninety-six Years is given to the Purchasers; and ac-I - cordingly thellever- / 01,229 9 fions of One Life was made up to that Term; for which there was paid - J The Contributors oP the Two and Three Lives did not purchase the Remainder; and^nthe Year 1702, it appeared there was fallen in to the Crown of the 8,475 — — -Two and Three Lives, 565/. per Annum; which, by an Act then passed, were fold for Fifteen Years Purchase j which produced - — 37.73* 4 I 29th September 1O94

' £ 369,704 8 — There is so many of the Contributors 7 dead of the Two and Three Lives, > which abates the annual Charge -,) 37.73* 4 10 1,66a a 7

So the present annual Charge for all 7 these Annuities is - - - 3 36,070 a 3. 1

The Act of the ' Second of Queen Anne, Annuities on 3,700l. per Week Excise. Charges the 3,700l. a Week, issuing out of the^ 1 Hereditary and Temporary Excile, for the Term of 99 Years - - - -j 1 I Lady-day j 1704.

15 Years. 1

S>

How long since granted. What Tefm remains. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been since paid off. How much remains unpaid.

89 d* £. d. £. a. d.

22 Years ant a Quarter. 13 Years and 3 Quarters. 369,704 8 — + 369,704 8 —

12 Years ant 3 Quarters. 86 Years and a Quarter. 1,569,664 18 6 m + + 1,569,664 18 6

1 1

What the annual Sums are.

j6- </.

36,070 a 3

104,745 10 6*

140 Martii. A* 1716.

o

r

A6s of Parliament, and

Years Purchase.

C>

The Act of the Third of Queen Anne,

15 Years.

The Act of the

Twelfth of King W

61. per Cent.

The Act of the Fourth of Queen Ann 15 Years and a Half.

The Act of the Fifth of Queen Anne,

16 Years.

When granted.

(Charges the same 3,700l. a Week Excise, for I Lady-day 99 Years. f 1704.

I Charges the same 3,700l. a Week Excise, with Bankers Annuities T' ' ‘

700l. a Week Lxciie, with 1 1, redeemable by Parliament, I on Payment of a Moiety of the said Principal; which is -

I Annuities, Amo 1706.

(Grants One-third additional Customs of Tonage and Poundage, and the Third additional Nine Pence per Barrel Excise upon Beer, Ale, / for 99 Years. - - - \

1706.

D

cq‘

r+

N'

CD

Q_

CT.

O

o

FT

v

Annuities, Anno 1707.

} Grants Duties on low Wines, from the 23d June' 1710, for 96 Years; additional Duty on stamped Paper and Vellum, from the last of July 17to, for 96 Years; Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, from the ‘23d June 1710, for 96 Years; Duty on Sweets for 99Years, from the 24th March 1707; and the additional Customs of Tonage and Poundage, granted in the Fourth of the Queen for 98 Years, continued One Year more after that Time* the Overplus of the Annuity Fund, granted in the Fourth of the Queen, computed at Lady-day yearly, or within Six Days after, for 99 Years.

1707.

Mow long since granted. What Term remains. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been, linoe paid off. How much remains unpaid. What the annual Sums are.

12 Years and 3 Quarters. 86 Years and a Quarter. £ * 690,000 £ d. £ 3‘ d. 690,000 £ s‘ d. 46,000

— — - 664,263 . * f 664,263 — — 39,855 16 — i

10 Years and 3 Quarters. 88 Years and a Quarter. 2,855,761 m a 2,855,761 184,242 14

1.9 Years and 3 Quarters. 89 Years and a Quarter. M55,»oo mm* 1,155,000 — — ’ 72,187 10 —

P

Ol

O

tA

Geo. I. IMbaffas.

ABSTRACT

Acts of Parliament, and Years Purchase. ' When granted. How long since granted What Term llein tins. How much the original Principal Money was. How much has been since paid off. How much remains unpaid. What the annual Sums are.

The Act of the) Sixth of Queen* Anne, j i 6Years. 40,000l. per Annum Annuities, Anno 1708. , Charges the Overplus of the Annuity Funds before mentioned, grunted in the Fourth and Fifth of the Queen, to be. computed at Lady-day yearly; as also the Overplus of the First Nine Pence Excile, granted fi-oin 25 th January 1 692, after 29th September 1710, to be computed at Midjiimmer yearly, for 99 Years - J '25th March, 1708. 8 Years and 3 Quarters. 1 90 Ye as and a Quarter. £ s. d.: 640,000 £. g. d. \ m mt £ * d. 640,000 £. s. d. 40,000

Another Act of} the Sixth of j Queen Anne,) 16 Years. 8o,oeo/. per Annum Annuities, Anno 1708. Charges One Moiety, or Half-part, of the 01ds Sublidyof Tonageand Poundage, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandize, for 96 Years, from the 31st July 1712: The intermediate Interest was supplied out of the Purchas^-money; and also, by an Act of the Tenth of the Queen, , 24th June 1708- $ Years and a Half. 90 Years and a Half 1,280,000 i m m m,) I . 1,280,000 \ i 80,000 — —

Acts of Parliament, and Rates of Interest. . out of several unappropriated Branches of the Revenue, for 99 Years -

The Act of the) Eighth . Queen j 9/. per Cent.,) i i Annuities at 9/. per Cent. Charges Three Pence a Barrel upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; Eighteen-Pence a Pound upon Pepper; Five Shillings per Hundred Weight on Radius; a double Duty on Nutmegs, and other S|)ices; Three Shillings a Pound on Snuff, from the 6th February 1709; and if there be a Deficiency, to be supplied out of the Duty on Coals, and Window Tax, for 32 Years - -> 35 tli March ' 1710. 6 Years and 3 Quarters. 25 Years and a Quarter. 900,000 % < s 900,000 — — 81,000

' . Two Acts of,) the First of King* George, J 5/. per Cent. Bank Annuities. Charges the General or Aggregate Fund,' after the Interest and Allowances to Exchequer Bills, and after 120,000l. for his Majesty’s Civil Government, with these Annuities, payable aftheBank of England, at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament - 1,069,000 — — i f 1,069,000 — - — 54,600

47,268,883 1 21 665,782 10 — 46,603,100 11 3,118,448 — 10*

L

Or

O

Ov

14; Martii. A. 171$,

r . A B ! 5 T R A C T. \

How much ths original How ranch has been since How much remains What the annual

Principal Money was. paid off. unpaid. Sums are.

£. s. d. £ *- d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

By Lotteries - . 13,223,910 — — 549,995 12,673,915 944,249 12 —

/By Annuities ----- T) 11* 3,375,027 17 10 { - 3,375,027 17 101 206,501 17 6

811 By Exchequer Bills - 4,676,812 10 — 115,787 10 — 4,561,025 328,561 18 6 §

East India Company ----- 3,200,000 - 3,200,000 — — 160,000

South Sea Company - - - 10,000,000 m m 10,000,000 608,000

Annuities - - - - 12,793,132 13 4 - 12,793,132 13 4 871,134 12 10

47,268,883 1 2 f 665,782 10 — 46,603,100 11 2| 3,118,448 — 10 {

Exchequer, 14th March 1716. Jof. Fox.

D

(Q

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Cn

o

3 Geo. I. 14* Martii.

S°8 14-15"

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Allowance A Petition of Thomas James John

to Receivers Turner, Thomas Clifford, George Samuel Clark,

of 1 axes. Lawrence Ambrose, Thomas Richers, John

Dee, and Thomas Lloyd, on behalf of themselves, and several other Receivers, and late Receivers, the publick Taxes, and their Sureties, and of the Executors and Ad -ministrators of others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners many times bring tip v'ery considerable Sums of Money in Specie, and afe at very great Charges in having Persons to guard the lame, for which the Government thought it reasonable to make them Allowances; and, in Expectation of having such Allowances upon subsequent Accounts, they gave Credit to the Government in subsequent Disbursements upon the like Occasions; and, in order thereunto, the Treasury, conceiving the same reasonable to be done, referred tliel'e Matters to be adjusted by the Agents and Commissioners of Taxes; who made Reports of the lame;' and thereupon the Petitioners were in hopes of having such Allowances; in which Cafes, they, were ready to make up their Accounts, and pay their Balances into the Exchequer, and thereby to have freed themselves, and their Sureties, from the great Securities they had given the Government; but they were informed, That the publick Money, out of which they used to have such Allowances, was appropriated; and that there were not Money applicable to their Satisfaction: And praying, That theii* hard Cafes may be taken into Consideration, to prevent the utter Ruin of them, and their Families; and to afford them Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fa6t; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Laxvfon, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Lord JVm. Rowlett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lowtlicr, Mr. Travers, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lexcis, Lord Cajllccomer, Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Herne, Mr. Drake, Lord Dozcne, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jujlinian Sir John

Brownlozv, Sir John Norris, Sir John Bland, Sir Robert . Dovers, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Mr. Hed-worth, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Banks, Mr. Williams, Sir Comcay, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Powlett-, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Lyddall, Slrl'ho. Cross'e, Mr Vernon, Mr. Snell, Mr. Drake, Mr. Yonge, Sir JVm. Whitlockc, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. DiJto'n, Mr. Wild, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hutcheson,

M r. Butler, Mr. Rowney, Sir Th Mr

Sir EdzoardJVilliams, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr.,

Attorney General, Mr. MMr. Johnson, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Heath, Sir llichard How, Sir Willoughby Hick-ham, Mr. Erie, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Chetwynd,' Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. London, Mr. Lade, Mr. Hill, Sir Wm.

St. Quin tin, Mr. Bond, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Tufnell,

Air. Jessop, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Denton, Afr. Haldane, Mr. Gibbon, Sir Arico. Carezo, Mr. Onjlozo, Mr. Shippen, Air., Chulmley: And they are i© meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they havfe Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to lit de die in diem.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, House. being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii. A. 1716.

Vi tneris, 150 die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Highgate, men, and other Inhabitants, of *c- Roac».

I/lingtotir St. James, Clerkenwell, St. Giles, Cripple-gatk, and St. Pancrafs, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and others, was prefepted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading through the said Parishes, from London to Highgate, are become so very ruinous, that the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is not sufficient for the effectual amending the same; it being out of the Power of the said Parishes, without the Aid of Parliament, to repair and keep up the said Roads; by reason the Gravel, and other Materials, within the said Parishes, are exhauded, and they are obliged to fetch their Materials at a great Distance, and pay great Prices for them: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the] House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sir

Witio. Hickman, Afr. Wyld, Afr. London, Afr. Bond,

Mr. Briftozc, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Robert Davers, Afr.

Wynn, Afr. Pigott, Mr. Mickletkwaite, Sir John Norris,

Air. Chulmley, Sir Edward Tumor, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr.

Shippen, Sir IVm. Pole, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Eyles, Air.

Clark, Sir JVm.Humphrys, Mr. llcrne. Sir

Air. Burridge, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bramston, Mr.

Longueville, Af t. Papillon, Mr. PiDr. , Lord

JVm. Powlett, Sir JVm. Daines, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Ward, Afr. Bigg, Mr. Rowney, Sir Thomas Cave, Thomas Hamner, Mr. Pierfe, Mr. Williams, Afr. Hampden,

Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Foley, Afr. Moriceand all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Isaac KuycJcvan Mierop’s Mierop, was read the Third time. 1*t-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Isaac KuycJcvan Mierop.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Ways House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for railing and Msnathe Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Afr. Farter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Ilefblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejhbe&s That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, punishing refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mutiny and the BUI for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the Defer-tion-better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

3 Geo. I. i — 18

Sabbatiy 16° Mar tit;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

Wear A KILL for the Preservation and Improvement of Navigation. jT\. the River Wear, and Port and Haven of

land, in the County of w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the hill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Farter, Lord IVm. Mr. Mr.

ney, Sir Thomas Johnson, Sir Jujilnian Isham, Mr.

Mr. Lem foil, Mr: Bell, Sir Win. Daines, Mr. Erie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. White, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Ncvill, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mr. Heme, Colonel

Houghton, General Lumley, Lord Stanhope, Sir Samuel Leonard, Mr. llungerj'ord, Mr. llmney. Sir Win. Hum-phrys, Mr. Earl, Mr. Norris, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Strict, land, Mr Mr Sir

John Norris, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Sir Wrn. Strickland, Sir Robert Chaplain, Sir ther, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Mr. Williams, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lee, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Thomas Cross'c, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sheppard. Mr. Lade, Mr. Monro, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Sir Richard

Hcrw, Sir Willo.Hiclman, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thapias Read, Mr. Diston, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hacks, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Treby, Mr. Blackiston, Mr. Bond, Brigadier Grant, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Stuart; and all that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, York, Durham,

Jolk, and Middlesex; and the City of London; and the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refokved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be further continued, and charged, upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be further continued, and charged, upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Punishing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-' Muuny and folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ixTeruon. the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters;

Vol. 18.

Mar tit. 509

Ordered, That it be an fnfttfuftion tb the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Expence of Fire and Candle, provided by any Person or Persons for Soldiers keeping Guard, be repaid out of the Contingencies.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to oblige such Persons, in whose Hands the Money, called Whitecoat Money, in the County of Dorset, now is, to pay the same into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made fume Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Mar tit;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

ABI L L for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, Liverpool* passed in the Eighth 'N ear of the Reign of her late Dock*

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Bason, at Liverpoole, for Security of all Ships trading to and from tire feid Port of Liverpoole, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, lhat the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Morice, Mr. Norris, Lord Molesworth,

Mr. Booth, Mr. Bond, Mr. Treby, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Grahrn,

Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Stephens, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Lade, Mr. Lawjon, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Wrn. Gordon, Mr. Earl, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Haldane, Lord Barrimore, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Heath, Sir Lord Wm. Powlet t, and all the Members that serve for

(be Counties of Lancaster and Chesteand the City of London; and for the Sea Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine the Matter of the Petition, upon which the said Bill was ordered to be brought in; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mu- DeUk"J0"‘ tiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w’hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole LandTa^ House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty,

6 0 by

Supply Bill*; Malt Duties.

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

Orders against Strangers being in the House.

National

Debt.

510 . 18° — 190 — $0 A- 1716.

by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 190;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716. Pratibs.

MR. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a. Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment made by the Committee, I’ol. 27. L. 12.; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Twenty-first of February last were read, for the Serjeant at Anns taking into his Custody Strangers which lie shall fee, or be informed to be, in the House; and against Members bringing Strangers into the House while the House is fitting; and for clearing the Speaker’s Chamber, and locking up the Back-doors;

And the Serjeant cleared the House, and the Speaker’s Chamber, of Strangers, and locked the Chamber-doors, according to the said Orders.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt, was read.

Ordered, That the Account of the publick Debts at the Exchequer, as they now stand; distinguishing what the Funds are; when granted; how long since granted; what Term remains; how much the original Principal Money was; how much has since been paid off, and how much remains; and what the annual Sums are that are paid, or payable, for the principal "Sums advanced; with the Rate of Interest, exclusive of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Grants; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had made lbme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20 die Matt it;

Anno 3® Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Punishing journed Consideration of the Report from the Cora- Mutiny and mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Uefertion* Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

A Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Supply Bill; Malt* Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Malt Duties Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an InstruHion to the said Commit- . tee. That they have Power to receive a Clause for transferring to the Register to be kept by this Act the Principal and Interest deficient on the Register for the Malt AH, which ended at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

Ordered, That it be an InltruHion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

A Petition of the ReHor, Churchwardens, and other Rotherbith Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in Church, the County of Surry, and Diocese of Winchester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said \ Parish Church was become lb very ruinous, that the Inhabitants could not assemble to Divine Service, without Danger of their Lives; and was so small, as not to contain the Fourth part of the Inhabitants: The Petitioners -did, in vain, solicit for Relief out of the Fund appointed for building Fifty new Churches; and were therefore forced, upon the Stock raised from her late Majesty’s Brief for this Purpose, with the Help of private Contributions, to undertake the rebuilding and enlarging the said

Church; the Money arising from these Branches not answering the Ends they had in View, were forced to make use of their Credit to finish this Work; and are not able to discharge the great Debts they contraHed to the several Workmen employed in the fame: The Petitioners have agreed on an Expedient, of which a Scheme is annexed to the Petition; And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to appropriate the several Sums expressed in the said Scheme for the Payment of the several Creditors and Workmen employed in rebuilding the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lozvndes,. Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Neville, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Morice, Mr.

Godfrey, Mr. Banks, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Heath, Mr.

Travers, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Guidot,

Mr. Cater, Mr. Heme, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Arthur Key, Sir John Ward, Mr. Sir

Jof Jekyll, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cmper, Mr. Lade, Sir Thomas CroJJ'e, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Flumptre, General Rosse,

Sir Justin. Isham, Sir Robert Fumesse, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Mr. Strickland, Sir James Bateman, Sir Wm. Whitlock,

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. London, Mr.

Mr. Clayton Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tujfnell,

Mr.

Geo. I. 20* — 2t - — ii° Mdrtii. gif

Mr. Btvdefick $ and all that Terre for the Counties " ci Surry, Kent; and for the City of London: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker* Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de in diem.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Land Tax. the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an'Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for authorizing the Commissioners to be named in the Bill to call the Collectors of the Land Taxes to account for such Monies as they have detained in their Hands; to the end the same may be applied in Ease to such Parishes, or Divisions, where Deficiencies have been occasioned thereby.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for transferring to the said Act the Deficiency of the Loans, and Interest, upon the Fourth Two Shillings Aid.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made Tome Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,2 die Martii\

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1716.

Pbatirs.

Limeheufe A PETITIONof several Inhabitants and Landlords Land Tax. of Limehouse, in the County of in behalf

of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a dreadful Fire happened in the Hamlet, which burnt and confirmed the principal Part of the Town; which L06 will occasion a Deficiency io make good their Quota for the Year 1717: The Collefitors of the Land Tax had received, before the Fire, the First Half-year’s Land Tax for the Year 1716; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners are affelFed One Shilling in the Pound for the last Half-year, over and above the Four Shillings in the Pound; and, if not relieved by the honourable House, the Town will never be rebuilt: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Morice, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heme, Sir Thomas Crosse, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pelham, Sir Harry Ashurst, Mr. Gould, Mr. Distort, Lord TVm.Pow-

lett, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Bridgman, Mr. Travers,

Sir tVm. Pole, Mr. Ducane, Mr. London, Mr. Earle, Sir JVm. Daines, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Smithjim, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Randyll, Mr. Hom/wood, Mr. Bell, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Gosse, Mr. Mr. Lade,

Vol. 18.

Mr. Fremem, Mr. Longuevi/let Mr. Shepheai'd, Mr. wynd, Sir Richard Grofoenov, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr.

Troverse, Mr. Stephens, Sir Sam. Leonard, Mr.

Mr. HBouverie. Colonel Delaun, Mr. Heath: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker*

Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the.Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ventris, 22° die Martii \

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1716.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Lowthe Mr. London, Sir Liverpoole Wm. Johnson, Mr. Cunningham, be added to the Com- Dock. mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Baton, at L, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; PoniQring and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar- Mutiny and ters; was read the Third time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quartet s.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Micklcthwait reported from the Committee, to Highgate, whose ConsideratioB was referred the Petition of the Juf- &c. Koada. tices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of Highgate, St. Afary, Islington, St. James,

St. Gyles, Cripplegate, and St. Paner in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and others; whereby it was prayed, That a Bill might be brought in for rapturing and amending the Road from the Stones End, through the respective Parishes aforesaid, to; That the said Committee hud examined the Allegations of the Petition; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioners, in order to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, called,

Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Peter Meyers, Sir Jeremy Sambrooke, Mr. Jennings, and Mr. Toumfend: Who laid, from their own Knowledge, and daily Experience, That the Roads leading through the Parishes in the Petition to Highgate are become very ruinous, and almost impadable; to the gread Hazard and Danger of the Lives of those that pals through die same:

And, particularly, Sir Peter Meyers said, He was lately coining home through Part of the aforesaid Road; which

was

National

Debt.

limehouse Land Tax.

51a 220 — 2$

was so bad, that his Coachman was thrown out of his Coach-box, and broke his Leg; to the Hazard of the said Sir Peter*s Life.

And Mr. George Sayer, who lives at Canbury-hotife, near Islington, laid. That, in going home from London, he has frequently seen Carriages overturned by the Bad-ness of the said Roads.

Mr. John Fuller said, That it was out of the Power of the said Parishes to repair, and keep up, the said Roads, without the Aid of Parliament; for that he, as a Justice of the Peace, had narrowly examined the Account of the Money arising by the several Rates for repairing the Highways, and found the same had been justly applied; but fell far short of what was necessary to repair the said Roads, which are near Fourteen Miles.

Mr. Edwards said, That he knows the Gravel, and other Materials, within the said Parishes, for repairing the said Roads, are exhausted and he, as Surveyor of the Highways, was obliged last Year to fetch 2,000 Load of Gravel for that Purpose as far as Newington; for which was paid 2 s.per Load, and 3 s.for Carriage.

That, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Roads, according to the Prayer of foe said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways from the Stones End to in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Micklethwait, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Bertie, and Mr. Herne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from foe Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That foe Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 230 Mar tit;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis,. 1716.

Prayers.

MR. Morice reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants and Landlords of Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That foe Petitioners, iu order to prove the Allegations of their Petition, produced a List of Houses burnt in the principal Part of the said Town, amounting to 132 Houses; the Rents whereof amounted 938/. io$. od. which Lift was signed by the Assessors and Collectors then present:

That the Petitioners also laid before the Committee a Book of Assessment for the Year 1716, signed by the Commissioners of foe Land Tax; whereby it appeared, that the Collectors had received, before the Fire, the First Half-year’s Tax; as also a Book of Re-assessment, signed by the Commissioners, of One Shilling in the Pound, over and above the Four Shilling^; which Rc-assessment

amounted to 236/. js. gd. to make good the Quota of 1,072/,; which Deficiency was occasioned by the said Fire:

And, froih that Calamity, the Petitioners are appre-hensive; that, if not relieved by this honourable House, the said Town will not be rebuilt; the Poors Rate being thereby become so very burthensome and chargeable, has already made many of the belt Inhabitants quit foe same; which was proved by Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Dau, and Mr, Cook, ancient Inhabitants of foe Place: Who further said, That there are about 1,100 Families in the Town, whereof not above 300 pay to foe Poor.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom foe Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of foe Year One fooufand Seven hundred Seventeen, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of foe Owners and Tenants of the Houses at Limehouse, lately destroyed by Fire, with respect to the Land Tax for foe Year One fooufand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of foe whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of foe Nation, in relation to the National Debt, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Resolutions in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all foe Publick Funds, redeemable by Law, that do now exceed Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, be redeemed according to the ref|x:Ctive Provisoes, or Clauses of Redemption, contained in the Acts of Parliament for that Purpose; or, with Consent of foe Proprietors, be converted into an Interest or Annuity, not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That his Majesty be enabled to borrow of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite to redeem the said redeemable Funds at ai*y Rate, not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum;and to secure the same upon the Funds so to be redeemed.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That foe Annuity of 106,501/. 135. per Annum payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of House-money, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament in that behalf, for foe principal Sum of L775,027 /. 17*. 1 of d. by them advanced, be redeemed; or, by Consent of the said Governor and Company, converted into an Interest or Annuity, not to exceed Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum redeemable by Parliament.'

Refblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, settled by an Act of Parliament in foe First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as is applicable to the Interest, Circulation, Exchanging, or Cancelling, the present Exchequer Bills, be also redeemed

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That lus Majesty be enabled to authorize the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to treat and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for circulating such a Number of Exchequer Bills, at a Rate not exceeding Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent, per Annum, for Interest, Exchanging, and Circulation, as may be charged and secured upon that Part of the said Aggregate Fund so to be redeemed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuities of 600,000l. and 8,000 /. per Annum, payable to foe Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, be also redeemed

National

Debt.

3 Geo. I.

23® — 25° Martii.

5i3

Resolved, That the Annuities payable by an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Wil-liarrij of glorious Memory, to certain Patentees therein named, their* Heirs and Assigns, out of the weekly Sum of 3,700l. charged on the Excise, be also redeemed.

Resolved, That the several Terms of Years remaining in the Duties appropriated by the Two Lottery Acts made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late

Exporting Irish Linen.

Mr. Bladen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon supply Bill;

Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, and by Two Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Malt Dutie».

Lottery Acts made and palfed in the Tenth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties, comprehended in the said Four Lottery Acts, be made One general Fund for the future

whole House, upon the Bill for charging,- ana continuing, ihe Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Supply Bill; L ‘ r>" r Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid That the Proprietors of the Orders grounded on the said to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Lottery Acts do, within a limited Time, make their Elec- Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seven-tions, either to accept Annuities after the Rate of Five teen, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Pounds per Centum per Ann. redeemable by Parliament Clause to transfer to the Register, appointed to be kept out of such general Fund , or be paid lb much as remains by the said A9;, all the Loans which have been made

due to them on their Orders respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Cases where the Proprietors shall choose to have their Principal, the Five per Cent, per Annum, saved thereby, be made another Fund, towards answering such Sums of Money as shall be advanced, towards discharging the said Principal, by Loans, or other Securities, as shall be thought proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That his Majesty be enabled to give Power for receiving

upon the Resolution of the House of the Fifth of this instant March, to be repaid, with Interest, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed

voluntary Subscriptions from any Person or Persons eu- him to move, That they may have Leave to (it again

titled to any of the Annuities issuing out of the publick Funds, for the Residue of the respective Terms of Ninety-nine Years, Ninety-six Years, Eighty-nine Years, or Thirty-two Years, formerly purchased therein, not being subject to Redemption, who shall be willing to accept, in lieu thereof, perpetual Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and to allow, for the remaining Terms in the said Annuities, which were purchased for Ninety-nine Years, Ninety-six Years, or Eighty-nine Years, at the Election of the respective Subscribers, either so much as the same Annuities shall amount to at Nineteen Years Purchase, to be made good by new Annuities of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, or Seventeen Years Purchase and an Half, to be made good by new Annuities of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be redeemable in like manner; and to allow, for the remaining Terms in the said Annuities, which were purchased for Thirty-two Years, at the Election of the respective Subscribers, either lo much as the same Annuities shall amount to at Fourteen Years Purchase and an Half, to be made good by

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That John Elwill Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 250 die Martii',

Georgii Regis, 1717.

Honiton

Election.

Anno 30 Prayers.

new Annuities of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, r I 'H E House being informed, That Mr. Merrill, from Army redeemable by Parliament, or Thirteen Years Purchase A the Secretary at War’s Office, attended; Services ua-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the provided,&c. House an Account of several Services relating to his Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred, and to be incurred, for the Years One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, and One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, not provided for:

And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Half Pay for the re*

and an Half, to be made good by Annuities of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable in like manner; and that the said new Annuities shall be settled and secured accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Savings, that shall arise upon any of the present Funds by the proposed Redemptions, or Reductions, be

reserved, and applied, after all Deficiencies, that may duced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines,

happen upon any of the said Funds, are made good, towards discharging and reducing the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the said Duties now in being, or to be continued, shall immediately cease and determine after the said National Debt, and all Interest due thereupon, is discharged, and paid off.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Smith, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Aislabie, Mr.

Horatio Walpole, and bring in, the fame. Vol. 18.

Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of divers of His Majesty’s Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and other the Commissioners and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, pursuant to a Clause in the Malt Act,

6 P summoned

St. Albans Land Tax*

5*4

as° — 26° Martii.

summoned before them the respective Collectors within the said Borough from the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; which laid Collectors have paid to the Commissioners Order all such Monies as remained in their Hands unaccounted for upon their several Duplicates; except John J Vint our, and junior, who were

joint Collectors for the whole Borough from the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen} whole Duplicates for those Four Years, being produced, and examined, amounted to 2,755/. 5; out of which they pro-

duced Receipts from the Receiver General for 2,220/. 1 is.5 d.; and, since the passing the said Clause, they have paid into the Exchequer 390/. 8s. so that

there now remains unaccounted for 144 5 Sid.;

besides upwards of Five Pounds they have received of former Collectors: The said Wintour and refuse

to give any Account for the said 144/. 5s. 3 pretending, that they have discharged the Debt due to the Crown from the said Borough; and that the Petitioners had no Authority to call them to an Account: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grimston, Mr. Freman, Mr. White, Mr. Conyers, Sir Mr. Lawson, Sir

Thomas Lee, Mr. Heme, Sir Wm. Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lade, Mr. Wylde, Sir Wm. Mr,

ley, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Harvey, Sir Geo. Beamont, Mr. Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shep-

pard, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Edward Williams; and all that serve for the County of Hertford; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Meflugje from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Punching The Lords have agreed to the Bill for punishing Mu-Mutiny and tiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Desertion. Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment.

And then the Mell’engers withdrew.

Mart is, 26° Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Johnson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Bason, at for Security of

all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpole, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and that they had, according to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition on which the said Bill was ordered to be brought in; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards reported the Bill, with the Amendments; and delivered the said Reports in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read:

And the Report, upon the Examination of the Matter of the said Petition, is as followeth;

That Mr. Ralph Peters, Town Clerk of Liverpole, produced to the Committee an Account, ligned by him, of what Money had been laid out in and about the said Dock; and what the Duties, arising by the said Act of the Eighth of Queen Anne, to the 25th of December 1716, amounted to; whereby it appeared, that the Charges, including the Interest of Six thousand Pounds borrow ed upon the Credit of the said Act, and Two thousand Pounds more advanced and borrowed upon the Petitioners owm

£- J. d.

Credit, amounts to ... 12,700 9 6

That the Duties, arising by the said7

A a, amounts to - - -J 14 2*

So that the Debt now due is - - 8,263 15 3i

And, by an Eftiinate of Mr. Steers,

Engineer of the Dock and Works, there will be wanting, to complete the same, the Sum of

So that the whole Debt, and to finish) the Work, will amount to - -f

",350 15 3i

Mr. Pool, Merchant, and John Lyon, Mariner, also said, That the Dock is capable of receiving Vessels that draw Eighteen Foot Water at Spring-tides, and Thirteen Foot Water at Neap-tides: That they have seen Sixty Sail at a time in the said Dock; and the same is not finished, which they humbly conceive, is very necessary to be done, not only for the Safety of Merchant Ships, but also for his Majesty’s Men of War, w ho may have occasion to harbour there.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Liverpole

Dock.

Royal Affirm A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, to a Bill. Gentienian U(hCr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, we ntp to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty bad been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Right honourable Christopher Lord Viscount Morpeth Castlecomer, in the Kingdom of Ireland, being chosen a Writ. Burgess for the Borough of Rippon, in the County of York; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Rippon.

Ordered [That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new WTrit, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Morpeth, in the room of the said Lord Castlecomer, who hath made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Rippon.

A Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Exporting Linen Cloth to the British Plantations, was read a Se- Linen-cond time.

3 Geo. I. 26°^ — -270 Martii 515

Registering

Papists

Imitates.

Munster and Saxa Gotha Troops.

Sipply Bill; Land Tax.

Refolded, That the Bill be commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotise will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for securing to Great Britain the Liberty of importing their Linen Manufactures into Ireland Duty free.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That Irish Linen, imported into Great may be again exported Duty-free.

A Petition of Thomas Duke of Norfolk, Francis Viscount Montague, Henry Lord Hugh Lord Clif-

ford, Charles Lord Dormer, James Lord I Valter Lord Aston, Sir fVitliam Goring, Sir H Gage, Baronets, William Stafford

Henry Charles Howard, Edward Blount, and Ed-

ward Gage, Esquires, for and on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the late Act, which obliges Papilts to register their Names, and real Estates, the Petitioners are, upon Default of taking the Oaths before the Twentieth of January, bound to register their Names within Six Months after: That the Time being lb very short, and several having (mail Estates very remote, and in different Counties, cannot be furnished with such exact Particulars thereof as are necessary; nor can they command their Deeds, or Settlements, out of the Trustees or Mortgagees Hands, in order to let forth their Estates and Interests, which the said Act requires: That several of the Petitioners Estates conlilt of many Farms, and finall Tenements, and those again divided, and subdivided, in the Hands of Undertenants, and their Assigns; whereby the Possessors cannot be so soon ascertained as the Act requires; so that the Want of Time will render the Registry not only imper-fest, but impracticable: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Act; and inlarging the Time for Papilts to register their Names, and real Estates.

And the said Act was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Act; and for enlarging the Time for Papilts to register their Names, and real Estates: And that Mr. Ward, Mr. Guidott, and Sir Joseph , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Treaties made with the Bishop of Munster, and the Duke of Saxa , for putting Six

Battalions of their Troops into his Majesty’s Pay, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717. Prayers.

MR. Fairer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the w'hole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, wras committed, the Amendments they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once Vol. 18.

read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for putting the Act in Execution for the University and Town of Cambridge:

And the said Amendments w’ere, with several Amendments to l’ome of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the List of Commissioners Names for the University and Town of Cambridge was read a Second time:

And several were proposed to be added thereto:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Francis Wichcot Esquire, be a Commissioner for putting in Execution the said Act for the Town of Cambridge;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,^; }

Tellers for the Noes|^; j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Gerrard Herring be a Commissioner for the said Town;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

1 *3-

58.

Tellers for the Yea J Charles Turner,

l Mr. G rims ton:

Tellers for the Noes fufl

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

95-

54-

Other Lists of Commissioners Names, as far as the Lift for the Borough of St. Albans, were, with Addition of feme Names to several of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for St. Albans being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Name of John Gape Esquire, be added as a Commissioner for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

’^Mr. Drake;

Tellers for the Noes £ Lord William Powlett,

letters for the Woes,£Mr Shephear

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the other Lists of Commissioners Names to and for the County of Norfolk were read; and, with Addition of feme Names to several of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Tellers for the Yeas>M-r'

»9

52.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Supply Bill; Mult Duties.

Ordered, That Colonel Churchill, Mr. West, and Lord Harvey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Preservation and Improvement of the River , and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wear

Navigation

O J

5 i6 28 0 MartiA. 1717.

28° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Wear A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff Navigation. and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town

and County of Nervcastle Tyne, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor People inhabiting in and about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town is a very ancient Corporation, principally supportedby Navigation; and is the chief Nursery^or Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Service; and that, over and above all other common Duties laid upon Coals, Salt, and other Merchandizes, there is a Duty of Twelve Pence Chalder, payable for ever to the Crown for every Chalder of Coals exported out of the River Tyne to the City of London, or Coastwise; which is not payable for any Coals exported out of the Port at Sunderland; and the Petitioners perceiving the re is a Bill brought in for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, they humbly conceive, that, if the said Bill should pals into an Act, it will not only be very prejudicial to his Majesty’s Revenue, and the publick Good, but also to the said ancient Corporation, and will ruin many Hundreds of poor Families: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Stone’s a Petition of John Stone, Merchant and

Estate> beth his Wife, and James Ede, on behalf of John Ede, his Son, an Infant, Son of Mary Ede (the said Elizabeth, and Mary, and Katharine Stone, since deceased, being Sifters and Co-heirs of John Stone the younger, deceased), was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner John Stone, and John his Son, by Conveyance, dated 30 May 1707, and a Recovery suffered in pursuance thereof, settled Ibme of their Messuages and Lands in Rufper and Horsham, in the County of Suffer, to the Use of the Petitioner John, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and, after his Decease, to the Use of his said Son John, and his Heirs; and other Part thereof to the Use of the said Petitioner and his Heirs; who afterwards settled the same upon the said John his Son, and his Heirs; the Petitioner John, and his Son, borrowed the Sum of 1,500l. and mortgaged Part of the said Premises, for a Thousand Years, for securing the said Repayment, and Interest; and also a further Sum of Two hundred Pounds; after which John the Son died, leaving the Petitioners Elizabeth, and the said Mary, late Wife of the Petitioner James Ede, and Mother of the Petitioner John Ede the Infant, and the said Catharine Stone Spinster, his Three Sifters, and Co-heirs; and the Petitioners borrowed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and made a further Mortgage for the Term of a Thousand Years: That the Petitioner John Stone is willing to relinquish his Power of committing Waste; and he and his Wife, for the Benefit of his said Daughter Elizabeth, and Grandchild Ede to join in a Sale of the said Premises, in order to pay off the said Incumbrances: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the Estate and Interest of the said John Ede the Infant in Trustees; to the end the same may be fold, for discharging the said Mortgages; and for settling the said Infant’s Share of the Surplus-money to be raised thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ingram and Mr. Butler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Broderick reported from the Commeitte, lb whom Rotherhith the Petition of the Refitor, Churchwardens, and other In- Cturch-habitants, of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; winch he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That if appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts delivered in, and Witnesses who proved the same, That the Building of the Parish Church of St. Mary, Rotherhith aforesaid, amounts to the Sum of 3,792/. 14 1 d.

and that there has been received, by her late Majesty’s Brief, the Sum of 920/. 19 s. 8 d.;also received from the several Inhabitants, and others, by voluntary Contributions, the Sum of 1,829/. 145. both which

Sums were duly applied towards rebuilding the said Church; and there still remains due to the several Workmen the Sum of 1,041/. 19 s. 11 d.

That it also appeared to the Committee, That the Scheme annexed to the Petition was unanimously agreed to in a full Vestry, legally summoned, on the Twentieth Day of January last, and met the Twenty-fourth following.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Rettor and Parishioners of the Parish of St.

Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates, and levy Money, within the said Parish, for finishing the said Parish Church: And that Mr. Broderick,

Mr. Lowther, and Mr. Onslozv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Minehead Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ electing Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, and Sir Trevelyan Baronet; whose Election was declared void.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Commis-who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing for the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, Anny De u‘ the Debts of the Army, That Power be given to the Commissioners to make out Certificates for the Debts of the Army, in order to the making out Debentures for the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being Call of the read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this day Fortnight.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn- Supply Bill; ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee of Land Tax. the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the said Borough of Dunwich was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House:

And another List of Commissioners Names for the said Borough was offered to the House; and read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the rest of the Amendments, as far as Clause E, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause E being read a Second time, That the Commissioners for the County of Middlefe.v, or any Three of them-upon Complaint to them made by the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Limehouse, That they-' are chargeable with more than Three Shillings in the Pound, in respect of 23 personal

UtwfteT and Saxe Gotha Troops*

3 Geo. I. 28° Martti; 517

personal and real Estates being decreased by the late Fire.' there, might certify the same to the Barons of the Exchequer; who are to be impowered to relieve the Sufferers of the said Fire.

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the' Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring how, and in what Proportions, the Three thousand Pound, appropriated by an Act, 120 Anna; Regina, for the Use of the Chaplains of the Fleet in the late War, should be distributed among those Chaplains:

The said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the - Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Treaties with the Bishop of Munster, and the Duke of Saxe Gotha, for Six Battalions of their Troops taken into his Majesty’s Pay; with Translations of them:

And the Titles of the Translations of the said Treaties were read:

And the Translations are as followeth; viz.

FRANCIS Arnold, by the Grace of God, Bishop of Munster and Paderborn, Burggraff of Stromberg, Prince of the Holy Roman Empire, Count of Lord of Borkeloh and Werth: We hereby declare, and make known, That whereas a Treaty between the most Serene and most Potent Prince George Lewis King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, 8gc. Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg, Arch Treasurer and

Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, and ourselves, relating to our furnishing of Four Battalions of Foot, has been concluded by the Ministers authorized for that Purpose on each Side, dated at Munster the 23d of December last. Word for Word, as follows:

The Treaty.

Whereas his Royal Majesty of Great Britain, out of the particular Confidence he has in his Highness the Bishop of Paderborn and Munster, has caused Overtures to be made to him for furnishing some of his Infantry to replace those Troops, which, during the present Troubles in Great Britain, may be drawn out of the Garisons of the States of the United Provinces, to be lent thither; and whereas his Highness has readily taken this Opportunity of shewing his particular Regard for his Majesty, and how willing he is to serve him; the following Agreement has been made, and concluded, in order to its being ratified:

I.

His Highness engages himself to furnish Four Battalions of Foot, of 525 Men each, exclusive of the Staff Officers, consisting of Seven Companies, of 73 Men each, with prime Plan, according to the annexed Lift, marked Lit. A; and his Highness agrees to fend with these Four Battalions no Officers of a higher Rank than such as receive Colonels Pay.

II.

And whereas the said Four Battalions are to be employed in the Dutch Garisons, in the room of those which the States General may yet send to his Royal Majesty, into Great Britain; it is agreed, That during the time of their Service there they are to take an Oath of Fidelity to the States General.

III.

The Troops are to be received in this Country by the King’s Commissary; and are to enjoy their full Pay and Subsistence, according to the Dutch Establishment,

Vol. 18.

B; by which the Regiments have been paid during th last War: They shall be provided with Carriages, and other Necessaries, in their March to the Netherlands, as well as their Return; and his Majesty, or his Electoral Regency at Hanover, shall fend requilitorial Letters for that Purpose.

IV.

The said Pay and Subsistence is to begin the 15th of January, N. S. 1716; and to be continued as long as his Royal Majesty shall make use of the Troops to the above-mentioned Purpose: When his Majesty shall stand in no further Need of them, or in case there should be no Need of them at all, Three Months Notice shall be given of it to his Highness the Bishop of Paderborn and;

after which Term the Pay and Subsistence of these Troops shall cease: But it having been represented, That his Highness would be at nofmall Expence by the complete-ing the said Battalions, and the clothing and furnishing them with all Necessaries for their March, his Royal Majesty, upon this Consideration, pursuant to the annexed Establishment, Lit. B, consents to pay One long Dutch Month, of Six Weeks, more, after the Three Months that Notice has been given are expired; and this in any Case, whether the Troops serve a long, or a short, time, or if they should not serve at all.

V.

As to the ordinary Recruits, each Company shall be allowed the same Douceurs the States of the United Provinces allow their own Troops: But if the Troops shall happen to diminish very sensibly by any contagious Distemper, or other Accident; in that same due and sufficient Satisfaction shall be given, according to what the States have observed hitherto in the like Cafes, and what other Troops have enjoyed.

VI.

His Highness expects the Payment of the monthly Subsistence from his Majesty only, without being obliged to solicit, or to put himself to any other Expence, for it; and his Royal Majesty does accordingly engage for the punctual and prompt Payment of the fame.

VII.

The Troops may either furnish themselves with Provisions in the Garisons; or, if they choose to have it out of the Magazines, they are to pay for it out of their own Pay, as the Dutch Troops themselves do; and, as to what

relates to Physick, and Hospital Expences, they shall be allowed what the Troops of the States enjoy, and what the Troops of Paderborn and Minister have formerly enjoyed in the States Service.

VIII.

If, in the said Battalions, any should be found that have been formerly in the Service of his Royal Majesty, or the States General, or any other Prince, and have deserted, they shall be pardoned, and not be delivered up.

IX.

The Naming and appointing of all the Officers, as likewise the Military Jurisdiction over the said Four Battalions, are reserved to his Highness.

X.

As these several Articles have been agreed upon, in order to their being ratified; and as the Ratification of his Royal Majesty of Great Britain has been promised to be exchanged here, with all possible Speed, for that of his Highness the Bishop of Paderborn and Munster; fb the Electoral Regency at Hanover engages, in the meantime, for the procuring the fame. In Witness whereof, Two Instruments, of the same Tenor, have been drawn of this Treaty, signed and sealed by his Royal Majesty, and his Royal Highness’s Ministers, authorized for this Purpose; One of which has been delivered to each Party.

Given at Munster the 23d of December 1715.

(L. S.) Marquis of Numis. (L. S.) B. B. of Mengo^fen.

6 Q Lift

518 IB® Mar17*7.

Lift A, and B.

The Monthly Pay-of Four Battalions of Foot, each of 518 Men, calculated upon the Foot of the TroopB of the States.

The Staff. FI. Stiv.

Colonel -..... 300 — — -

Lieutenant Colonel - -- 100 11 —

Major - - - 80- — —

1 Quarter-master ----- - 38 76

1 Adjutant - - - 34 15 —

1 Auditor - - - 34 15 —

: Chaplain - - - 32 11 —

1 Surgeon-Major - - - - 1828

1 Drum-major - - - 14 92

6 Hautbois ----- - 53 39

1 Provost - -- 14 98

l Servant to the Provost ----- - 983

14:- For an ordinary Month - -- -- - 73© 2 —

For a long Month, of 42 Days ——

For One Company of Foot for 42 Days. Fl. Stiv.

1 Captain - - - - 150-----

1 Lieutenant - -- - 45 — —

1 Enfigu - - - - 40-----

1 Serjeant - -- 24-----

2 Inferior Officers, at 22 Fl. - - -; - - - 44-----

3 Corporals, at 20 Fl. - - 60 — —

8 Exempts, at 14 Fl. - 112-----

1 Solicitor - - - 12 — —

2 Drummers - - - 24-----

20 511-----

52 Common Soldiers, at 1 a pi. 5 Stiv. ----- 637-----

1,008 2 9

72: Total of One Company -

432 Six other Companies -

Additional Allowance for the Captain-Lieutenant in the Colonel’s Company - -

Allowance for Physick, at 13 Fl. per Company, comes to, for Seven Companies ——

- 518 Total of One Battalion ——

1,554 Three such Battalions more -

1,148-----

6,888 -

25-----

8,152-----

91 —

- 9,160 2 9

- 27,480 8 3

2,072 Total of Four Battalions for a long Month, of 42 Days

For Eight lone Months, comes to For a wort Month of 30 Days, comes to -

Total of the Pay of Four Battalions for; One Year -

- 36,640 11 — -293,124 8 4

- 26,171 16 4

-319,296 4 4

We therefore hereby promise to execute this Treaty, concluded by our Order, according to the full Tenor of it j as likewise his Royal Majesty of Great Britain promises the Execution of the fame, together with the Exchange of his Ratification. In Witness whereof, we have subscribed it with our own Hand, and caused our Seal to be affixed to it Neuhaus, the 14th of January 1716.

Frauds Arnold (L. S.)

FREDERICK, by the Grace of God, Duke of Saxony, Juliers, Cleoe, and Berg, also of Engria and Westphalia, Landgrave in Thuringia, Margrave of Mif-nia, Prince and Count of Henneberg, Count of the Marck and Ravensberg, Lord of Ravenstein and Sonna We

hereby make known, and declare, That whereas we have caused a Negociation to be carried on with his Royal Majesty of Great Britain for Two Battalions; which we are to furnish his Majesty with: And whereas a Treaty has been signed by the Plenipotentiaries on each Side, Word for Word, of the following Tenor:

"Whereas his Royal Majesty of Great Britain, out of the particular Confidence he has in his Serene Highnefe the Duke of Saxe Gotha, has caused Overtures to be made to him for furnishiag feme of his Infantry, to replace those Troops, which, during the present Troubles in England, may be drawn out of the Garisons of the States of the United Provinces, to be sent thither; and whereas his Serene Hig'nness has readily taken this Opportunity of 22

shewing his particular Regard for his Majesty, and how willing he is to serve him; the following Agreement has been made, and concluded, in order to its being ratified:

I.

His Serene Highnefe engages himself to fornish unto his Majesty Two Battalions of Foot, consisting of 500 Men only at present; but his Highnefe will augment them, by the 15th of January 1716, to the Number of 640 Men each, exclusive of the Staff, that they may con-fist of Eight Companies each, with the prime Plan of 80 Men, according to the annexed Lift, A; and no Officers of higher Rank shall be sent with these Battalions than Colonels.

n. /

And whereas the said Two Battalions are to be employed in the Dutch Garisons, in the room of those which the States General may yet send to his Royal Majesty into Great Britain, they are, for the Time of their Service there, to take an Oath of Fidelity to the States General.

III.

The Troops are to be received in this Country by the King’s Commissary; and are to enjoy their full Pay and Subsistence, according to the Dutch Establishment, Lit. B; by which, during the last War, the Regiments of Saxe Gotha have been paid: They shall be provided with Carriages, and other Necessaries, in their March, as well as

their

3 Geo. I. 18 ° Mar

their Return; and his Majesty, or his Electoral Regency at Hanover, shall fend requisitorial Letters for that Purpose.

IV.

The said Pay and Subsistence is to begin the 15th of January 1716, N. S. and to be continued as long as his Royal Majesty shall make use of these Troops to the above-mentioned Purpose: When his Majesty shall stand in no further need of them, or in case there should be no Need of them at all, Three Months Notice shall be given of it to his Serene Highness the Duke of Saxe;

after which Term, the Payment and Subsistence of the said Tloops shall cease: But it having been represented, That his Serene Highness would he at no small Expence by increasing the said Battalions to the number speciti Art. I. and by the clothing and furnilliing them with all Necessaries for their March; and that the said Troops, upon their Return out of the Dutch Garisons to the Territories of his Highness the Duke of Saxe Gotha, must needs be obliged to a long, uneasy, and expensive, March; his Royal Majesty, upon Consideration of this, pursuant to the annexed Establishment, Lit. B. contents to pay Two short marching Months more, after the Three Months that Notice has been given are expired; and this in any case, whether the Troops are kept in Service a long, or a short, time, or if they should not serve at all.

V.

As to the ordinary Recruits, each Company shall be allow ed the same Money which the States of the United Provinces allowed their own Troops: But if, by any contagious Distemper, or other Accident, the Troops should happen to diminish very lenfibly; in that Cafe, due and sufficient Satisfaction shall be given, according to what the States have observed hitherto in the like Cafes, and what other Troops have enjoyed.

VL

His Serene Highness expects the Payment of the monthly Subsistence from his Majesty only, without being obliged to solicit, or to put himself to any other Expence, for it; and his Royal Majesty accordingly answers for the prompt Payment of the fame.

VII.

The Troops in the Garisons may either furnifti themselves with Provisions; or, if they choose to have it out of the Magazines, they are to pay for it out of their own Pay, as Dutch Troops themselves do; and, as to what relates to Physic, and Hospital Expences, they shall enjoy what other Troops are allowed by the States, and what the Troops of Saxe Gotha have formerly enjoyed in that Service.

vm.

If, in the said Battalions, any should be found that have been formerly in the Service of his Royal Majesty, or the States General, or any other Prince, and have deserted, they shall be pardoned, and not delivered up.

IX.

The appointing the several Officers, as likewise the Military Jurisdiction over the Two Battalions, are reserved to his Serene Highness, in the same manner as has been observed of late by the Regiments of Saxe Gotha lish or Dutch Pay.

X.

And whereas his Royal Majesty has likewise desired the Liberty of transporting the said Troops into England, in case he should find it necessary to employ them there; his Serene Highness, out of his particular Affection to his Majesty, and several other Considerations, willingly con-fents to it: And, in this Cafe, the said Battalions shall take an Oath of Fidelity to his Majesty during that time: They are then to receive English Pay from the Day of their being embarked to the Day of their landing again on this Side; from which time, and till they reach the Territories of Saxe Gotha, they are to be paid upon the Dutch Foot again: His Serene Highness, in the mean time, expects, that in case, as aforesaid, his Royal Majesty ntends to employ these Battalions in Great Britain, y ol.is.

Copies Of the English Establishment shall be delivered to him, that he may know what Allowances are to oe made for extraordinary Recruits, and Lolfes either in the Field, or by contagious Distempers, or in any other Cafe, that so his Serene Highness may agree with his Royal Majesty about these Articles: His Highness, however, promises not to flop the March of the Troops out of his Dominions upon this Account,

XL

In case his Majesty should farther1 want any moreTroops, his Serene High&efs, to shew his particular Affection, promises to serve his Majesty in it as much as possible; being persuaded, that his Royal Majesty, on his Side, will continue the good Correspondence which has always been between their most Serene Predecessors.

XII.

As these several Articles have been agreed upon, in order to their being ratified; and as the Ratification of his Royal Majesty of Great Britain is to be exchanged, with all possible Speed, here at Gotha, for that of his Serene Highness; lb the Electoral Regency of Brunswick Luncnberg engages, in the mean while, for the procuring the fame. In Witness whereof, Two Instruments, of the same Tenor, have been drawn of this Treaty, signed and sealed by the Ministers authorized for that Purpose; One of which has been delivered to each Party.

Friendenstein, the 31st of December 1717.

(L. S.) Otto Christopher Schultze. (L. SI) Johan Frederic Baron de Bachof.

Lit. A.

A Regiment of Foot.

The Staff*.

Colonel:

Lieutenant Colonel:

Major:

Quarter-mailer:

Auditor:

Chaplain:

Adjutant:

Surgeon-Major, and Four Servants. Drum-major:

4 Hautbois:

Provost, and his Servant.

----- A Company.

2 Captains, and a Servant;

2 Lieutenants, and a Servant:

2 Ensigns, and a Servant:

2 Serjeants:

3 Inferior Officers:

3 Corporals:

2 Drummers:

8 Exempts:

55 Common Soldiers:

1 Clerk.

~8o

8 Companies make 640 Men:

With the Staff, 659.

Lit. B.

The Pay for One Regiment of Foot.

For the Staff. FI. Stiv.

Colonel - 393 15

Lieutenant-Colonel 131 5

Major - 105 —

Quarter-master - 85 —

Auditor - 50 —

Chaplain - 80 —

Adjutant - 56 —

Surgeon-Major - - - 50 —

4 Servants, 17^ FI. - 70 —

Drummer - 21 —

4 Hautbois, at 12 FI. 5 Stiv. 49 — Provost,

Companies

Men - 9>736

The Staff - - - 1,130

And so per Month - - 10,866 FI.

We therefore hereby approve of, and ratify, the present Treaty, and all the several Articles of it; and promise, by the Word of a Prince, to execute whatever we are engaged to by the fame. Given in our Residence at Friendenstein, the -rv of January 1716.

Frederick (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Treaties, and TranOations, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The original Treaties are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A. 1717.

which remains unsatisfied, by reason all the Money in the Exchequer is appropriated.

2d, It appears, That although Mr. Howell, late Receiver of South Wales, hath not passed his Accounts, yet, when the Allowances reported due are made good to him, his Balance will be overpaid; and that Mr. Brougham, the Receiver for the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, and Mr. Farran, formerly Receiver for the County of Oxford, have not passed their Accounts; but their Allowances already reported, and the further Claims they have to make, will very near balance the fame.

3d, That the Three Receivers hereafter mentioned; viz. Mr. Thomas Lloyd, late Receiver for Chester and North Wales, Mr. Bradgate for Leicestershire, and Mr. Broom for Part of Norfolk', appear to be indebted to the Government, over and above the Allowances reported to be due to them; and that Mr. Dixon, Receiver for Somer-fetshire, who has absconded for some Years, is indebted a great Sum, which the Government is in Danger of losing, through the Insolvency of him, and his Securities.

The Committee do further represent, That there are several of the Petitioners, and others, Receivers General, who have not petitioned, or had any Reports for Allowances for several Years in which they have been employed; so the Committee could not examine their Claims; But, upon Inquiry, do find, they have cleared their Accounts to the End of the Year 1714, except as before excepted; and many of them ought, in Justice, to have proper Allowances, when they shall make Application for the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the Receivers General of the Publick Taxes.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee.

28° — 290 Martiu

Provost, and his Servant

FI. Stiv. 39 ~ 1,130 FI.

For One Company.

Captains, and a Servant Lieutenants, and a Servant -Ensigns, and a Servant -Serjeants, at 24 FI.

Inferior Officers, at 20 FI. at 17!, at 16 Corporals, at 14 FI.

Drummers, at 12 FI. 5. Stiv. -Exempts, at 13 FI.

Common Soldiers, at 12 FI. 5 Stiv. 'Clerk -

FI. Stiv.

158 —

53 —

48 —

48 —

53 10

42 —

24 10

104

673 15

12 5

1,217 FI. 8

520

21

2

2

2

2

3

3

2

8

55

1

80

640

J9

659

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

-rf.

Veneris, 290 Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regi6, 1717.

Prayers.

Allowance TV /I R- Lawson reported from the Committee, to whom

of Tax*$fer* the Petition of Thomas Nezifiam, James Philips,

' John Turner, and others, on behalf of themselves, and other Receivers, and late Receivers, of the publick Taxes, and their Sureties, and of the Executors and Administrators of others, was referred. That they had considered the said Petition; and had directed him to report to the House the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having examined the several Allegations mentioned in the Petition of the Receivers Genera of the Taxes, relating to their Allowances, do find, That they have made good the Allegations in their feid Petition; and the Matters of Fa6t do appear as ltated by the Petitioners, from several Reports of the Agents for Taxes, and by other Papers laid before the Committee: Upon Consideration whereof, the Committee have thought proper to date the same of the Receivers under the following Heads:

iff, They find, That all the Receivers General, except Seven, hereafter particularly mentioned, have cleared their Accounts to the End of the Year 1714; and though they then owed nothing to the Government, yet have Allowances reported by the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes to be due to them, amounting to a considerable Sum;

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of Kenfingti the Peace, of the County of Middlesex, and other Gentle- Road*’ men, Inhabitant of the said County, living in or near the several Towns and Parishes lying in the Highways leading from the Town of Kensington, in the said County, towards Colnebrook and Staines; and also of several Grafiers,

Fanners, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, and others, who frequent and pals the said Highways; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Highways contain the greatest Part of the Road which leads to his Majesty’s several Royal Palaces; and, being the great Western Road to and from London, they are, by reason of many heavy Carriages, become very ruinous, and in many Parts thereof so bad, that, in the Winter-season, the same are dangerous to his Majesty, and the Royal Family, and such who are obliged to attend them, and also to all others who have Occasion to travel through the said Highways; and the Inhabitants of the said Towns and Parishes, in which the same lie, have, from time to time, been at great Expences in repairing the said Highways; yet they are so very bad, they cannot, by the Laws now in Force, be kept in good Repair: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Highways.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smithson, Sir Thomas Crojfe,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Yonge,

Sir James Bateman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Herne, Mr. ney. Lord Win.Pozvlett, Mr. Vernon, Sir Bunbury,

Mr. Morice, Sir Wm. Dairies, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Bell, Mr.

Earl, Mr. Travers, Sir Thomas , Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Micklethwaite, Lord Milton, Mr. Cowper, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Mason, Mr. Pozvlett, Mr. Secretary Stanhope, Sir Jof.Jekyll, Colonel GrahmSir -

fys,

Ilighgate, Ate. Roads.

Llverpoole

Dock.

Royston Road Tolls,

Munster and Saxe Gotha Troops,

3 Geo. I.

freys, Mr. Ward, Mr. Distcm, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir Nico.Mariee, M Sir John Hynde Cotton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Broderick,

Mr. Bellamy, Sir Roger Mil, Mr. Lade, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Jessop, Sir Wm. Johnfott, Mr. Sir Willo.

Hickman, SuJoknBrounlozc, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Mr. Lawson, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Colonel

Long, Sir fVm. Pole, Mr. Longuex ille; and all thatferve for the Counties of Middte/e.v, Hertford, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Clva-mber: And tltey have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. MkMethwaite presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Goswell-street, in the Parish of St.Gyles's, Cripple-

gate; from tho Stones End at Saint John's-street, in the rarish of Saint James, Clerkenwell; from the Stones End at Gray's-iim-lane, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Hal-

born; and from the Stones End at Pound, in

the Parish of Saint Pancrafs, in the County of Midtllejex; to Ilighgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of in the

laid County: And the same was received; and read the Fu ll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5*i

Tl« Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supp'.v. fctve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his M a jetty;

Ordered, That tike Estimabe ofi the Charge of Half-pay for the Reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Laud Forces and Marines for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account offeveral Services relating to his Majesty’s Land Forces incurred1, and to be incurred, for the Years One thou fend Seven hundred Sixteen, and One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, not provided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Treaties with the Riflhopof Munster for Four Battalions of his Troops, and with the Duke of Save Gotha far Tvto Battalions of his Troops, to betaken into his Majesty’s Pay; and the Translation. of the said Treaties; be referred to the Ibid.Committee,

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

290 — 3 o° Martik — 10

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Balbn, at Llverpoole, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of was

read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That, for the better Guidance of Ships and Vessels trading into, and out of, the Port of Liverpool, the Trustees appointed, and their Successors, should place Buoys and Land-marks, and keep up the same:

And the said Rider was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the famd was read a Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of lier late Majesty Queen Atme, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Balbn, at Llverpoole, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port at Llverpoole.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Johnson do carry Ihe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Receivers of the several Turnpikes erected in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways between Royston, in the County of Hertford, and Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntington, do lay before this House an Account of what Monies they have received; and how the same has been applied.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Direct ions, That the Instructions given to his Majesty’s Ministers, who transacted the Treaties for taking Four Battalions of the Bishop of Munster’s Troops, and Two Battalions of the Duke of Sa.re Gotha's Troops, into his Majesty’s Pay, to supply the Place of such as, during the late Rebellion, should be drawn from the Garisons of the States General of the UnitedPravinces, to assist his Majesty, may be laid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for lheYeas,g£} 38.

Tellers for the Noes, } >65-

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 18.

Sabbati, 30° Mart it j

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue lift Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Woodstock, in the County of in the room of Sir Thomas Wheat Baronet; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hatli accepted the Office of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores, belonging to the Office of Ordnance.

Woodstock

Writ,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Exporting solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Linen, the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Lrish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations;

It was moved, That several Sections in the Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of and

England into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England; might be read;

And the same -were read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- , tee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, or Woollen Manufactures, from Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuejlay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

tr

Luna, l° die Jiprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Earl of Hertjordbe added to Keofmgtoa the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Deputy Ro»d*. Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, of the County of Middlesex, and other Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the said County, living in or near the several low ns and Parishes lying in the Highways leading from the Town of KenJngton,

6 R in

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

Supply.

Duties on Linen exported.

Committees.

Church Judicatures in Scotland.

512 i° — 2° — 3 0 Ap . 1717.

in the said County, towards Colnebrook and Staines; OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

and also of several Graders, Fanners, Gardeners, Stage the further explaining and amending several Matters re-Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higglers, and others, lating to the Church Judicatures and Patronages in that who frequent and pase the said Highways; is referred. Part of G called And that Sir

Campbell, Sir Mr Mr.

The Orders of the Day being read; Haldane, Mr. Bailey, and Mr. Pringle, do prepare, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMom- bring in, the fame,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the A Petition of Richard Gorges Esquire, was presented Leominfur Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Lleflum.

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen. tioner, together with Henry Gorges, of , in the County of Herejord, Esquire, and George Cafwall, of the City of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee London, Banker, flood Candidates for the Borough of of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Leominster, in the said County of Hereford, in the room Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Conningsby, who that Part of the Act 12 Car. II. for Tonage and Pound- has been created a Peer of Great Britain: That the said age, and Merchandizes exported, which relates to the George Cafvall did, by himself, and others, who acted as laying the Duty of Six-pence per Piece of Forty Ells on his Agent, both before and after the Tejle of the Writ,

British Linen exported; and also of the Act of the Ninth openly and notoriously treat, and bribe, great Numbers Year of the late Queen, by which the said Duty is further of the Electors; by means w hereof, and of other indirect continued. and corrupt Practices, he procured himself to be returned

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- a Burgess for the said Borough; in Prejudice of your Remittee of the whole House. titioner; and the.feid George Cafwall's Qualification be-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ing objected to, although he refused to declare in what

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee. particular Parishes his Estate lay, by which he should

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. havq, made out his Qualification; yet the Bailiff of the

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they laid Borough admitted him to poll: And praying Relief had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- therein.

rested him to report, when the House will please to receive Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-the fame. sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Morning next. the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Farrer allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; they may have Leave to fit again. by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Laud Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, was read ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole the Third time.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Majesty. be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do thousand Seven hundred Seventeen! lay before this House an Account of the Produce of Six Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Pence per Piece upon all British Linen exported from Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exporting

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon IriO» Linen, lay before this House an Account what the Duties, ad va- the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish lorem, of Irish Linen exported, have produced for the Linen Cloth to the British Plantations; same time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lay before this House an Account of what Hamborough House, upon the said Bill.

Linens have been re-exported for the same time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 20 d; Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House being moved. That feme Clauses in the Act, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturb ing those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worstiip, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, A ft against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; and also in the Act, of the same Year, intituled, An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called j

mi^ht be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Mercuriiy 3* die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

f\RD E RE D, That Richard Fleming Esquire, have Leave of Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon Absence. extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Granado Pigott, Esquire have Leave to Cambridge withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election Eledioa. and Return for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Bill for repairing the Highways from the Stones End Highgate, at Goswell-street,-in the Parish of Saint &c. Boa)?, from the Stones End at Saint Johns-street, in the Parish of Saint James's, Clerkenwell; from the Stones End at Gray's-inn-lane, in the Parish of Sai Andrew's Holborn;

20 and

Fegiftering

Papists

Liiates.

P<?ace of the Highlands.

National

Debt.

Simply.

3 Geo. I. 3* Apritis. 523

and from the Stones End at Saint Gyles’s Pound, in the Parish of Saint Pancrafs, in the county of ; to

Highgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of in the said

County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mirkle-tlncaite, Mr. Herne, Mr. FLord Win.

Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Mr.

Heyjhant, Mr. Bond, Sir Ori. Bridgman, Mr. Mr. White, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Conyers, Sir Thomas Crosse, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Ward, Lord Car bury, Ixird Milton. Mr. Godfrey, Sir Thomas John-J'oh, Mr. Morice, Sir Thomas Haunter, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Nico. Morice, Mr. Gold, Sir Win. Lout her, Sir Richard FaringtonMr. Wyld, Lord Paget t, Sir Just. Isham, Mr. GybbonMr.

Cope, Mr. Colemore, Sir Roger Mr. Wind for. Sir

John Norris, Mr. Clark, Mr. Treby, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Humfrycs, Mr. Bigg; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Northampton, York, and Durham; and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to provide, by the said Bill, for the repairing the Highway from Islington to Kingsland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That- they have Power to provide, by the said Bill, for the repairing the Highway from the Halfway-house, mentioned in the Bill, to the Town's End of Hampstead.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Eliates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering: And the same was received i and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being moved. That a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland, relating to the erecting Schools, for Education of Youth, in proper Places there, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-rettions, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, pursuant to the said Act, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the gross and net Produce of the several Funds applicable to the sinking the Principal, or Payment of the Interest, of the National Debt; distinguishing each of the said Funds, and the annual Exceeding or Deficiency of them, respectively, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Ten to Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen; and allb an Account how much of the said Deficiencies have been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relo-lut ons they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at Vox.. 18.

the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz,

ift, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Half-pay, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, to the Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, disbanded, being his Majesty s natural-born Subjects, or naturalized.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred Ninety-four Pounds Eight Shillings Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of Twenty-eight Companies of Invalids, from the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Five hundred Fifty-one Pounds Nine Shillings Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Provisions fqr the Garison of Gibraltar for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Tw-enty-four thousand One hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Three Shillings Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty to complete the Pay of Six Battalions of Foot hired from the Bishop of Munster, and Duke of Saxe Gotha, to supply the Place of such Troops as, during the late Rebellion, fiionld be drawn from the Garrisonsof the States General of the United Provinces, to assist his Majesty, pursuant to the Treaties in that behalf made with the said Princes.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Thirty-one Pounds Three Shillings Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make up the full Pay of the General Officers, with their Aids-de-Camp, and Majors of Brigade, during the time they served in North Britain.

6th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, on Account, for extraordinary Forage, Provisions, Carriages, and several extraordinary Expences of the Forces in their March from Sterling, and Pursuit of the Rebels, into the Highlands, and the neighbouring Islands.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace the like Sum issued out of the appropriated Revenues of North Britain to his Grace the Duke of Argyle, General and Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces there, by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the Eighth of September One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen.

8th, Resolved, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred Seventy-five Pounds Twelve Shillings Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the Three independent Companies in North Britain, from the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen to the Thirty-first of March following, with the Bounty Money upon their Dilbartding.

9th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two-hundred Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Fay of One Lieutenant, One Ensign, Five Non-commissioned Officers, and Forty private Men, taken to reinforce the Castle of Edinburgh, from the Twenty-fifth of July One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen to the Fifteenth of March One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, with the Bounty-money upon their Diibanding.

10th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Nine Shillings Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Subsistence of the

5*4

3°- — 4* Aprilts. A. 17x7.

the Rebel Prisoners taken at t» the Thirty-first

of December One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen', over and above the Sum o# Three thousand Nineteen Pounds Ten ShilRngs Eight Pewee given for that Service.

>vth, fiejofced. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five handled Poundis, be granted to'his Majesty, on account of the Rebel Prrfeners, for their Subliftetree, and contingent Expences, for the Year One thousand Severn hundred Seventeen.

12th, RejhPeed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Eight Shillings Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Subsistence of Three hundred Fifty-three Rebel Prrfoners, fiibfifted by the Magift rates of Glafcene to the Twenty-fifth oi June One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, when they were set at Liberty.

The First, Second, and Third Refointions, being feve-rafty read a Second time, were, upon the Quteftion fere-tally pnt thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And1 a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the find Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thonfend One hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Three Shillings Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to complete the Pay of Six Battalions of Foot, hired from the Bishop of Munster, and the Duke of Saxe Gotha, to supply the Place of such Troops as, during the late Rebellion, should be drawn from the Garilbns of the States General of the United Provinces, to assist his Majesty pursuant to the Treaties in that behalf made with the said Princes;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

[Lord JVm. Powlett,

1 Mr. Micklethwaite:

Tellers for the Yeas,^j

rji 1, r u. xt fSir

lessen, for IkeNoe^ Thmm Co

71-

'/i y t / d j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Jovir, 4* die;

Anno 5* Georgii Regis, *717.

P ft A Y E R s.

/\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker doifiue his Warrant to die Clerk of the Crown, to make out a. new Writ, for the eleSing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this, present Parliament for the' County of Cambridge, in the room of John Jetty ns. Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of several Merchants, trading to, and redding in, New York and New England* in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, their Agents, Factors, and other Pterions, redding in New York and New England, did furnish the Government with several Sums of Money for the Expedition to Canada; and received SHls of Exchange for the fame, drawn by C-olooel Hunter and Colonel Dudley, Governors of New York and New England, pursuant to lier late Majesty's lnstructions to them for that Purpose; yet the Petitioners have not been

able to get more.....of some of the said Bills, and of others no Part at all, after long and tedious Solicitation to the late Lord Treasurer, and several References to the Auditors of the Imprest, and other Offices, without And praying. That, pursuant to ber late Majesty's Instructions, they may be repaid, with Interest, for the dune.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratkm of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John JVard, Mr. Smith, Mr. Morrice, Me. Lozether, Mr. Lord tVm. Powlett,

Mr. Earl, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dock-mnuqxte, Sir Thomas Crosse, Mr. Pudge, Mr. Lade, Mr. Plumtree, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Heysham, Mr. son, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bond, Sir Jufiin. , Mr. Di/ivn, Mr. Chifcell, Mr. Laxcfon, Mr. , Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Liddell, Mr. Wallop, Sir John Cope, Mr. London, Mr. Leads, Mr. Cadogan, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Brace,

Mr. Norris: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cambi id,;# Writ.

Elxpeditioi to Canach.

Message from Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That

efK,n8~ he had a Message to this House, signed by his Majesty: vafiorTby *" And presented the same to the House; and it was Sweden/ read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

HIS Majesty, being desirous, above all Things, not only to secure his Kingdoms against the present Danger with which they are threatened from Sweden, but likewise to prevent, as far as is possible, the like Apprehensions for the foture, thinks it necessary, that such Meafores should be early concerted with other Princes and States, as may conduce xnoft effectually to this End:

And, as this may require some Expence, his Majesty hopes, that his Commons will, by their Assistance at this Juncture, enable him to make good such Engagements, as may ease his People of all future Charge, and Apprehensions, upon this Account.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take his Majesty’s said gracious Message into Consideration.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Malt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exporting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ,nftl Linen, the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Designed in-into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Message Yes- valion by terday: , Sweden-

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes, and States, as may prevent any Charge, or Apprehensions from the Designs of Sweden, for the future:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Treaty with Majesty, That his Majesty will he graciously pleated to Sweden in

give Directions, That the Treaty made between his late |699-»7®o Majesty King William, of glorious Memory, with the present King of Sweden, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the liiid Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 Geo. I.

Supply

5* — g° Jprilis. 525

V eneris, 5®;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Stone’* IV IK R. Ingram presented to the House, according to 1V1 Order, a Bill for Sale of the Estate of John Stone the elder, and John Stone the younger, in the County of Sussex, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of One of the Coheirs o Stone the younger; and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein is mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ltcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grauted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6° Aprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717. Prayers.

Exporting A Petition of several Merchants trading to Hamburgh, lnih Linen. Bremen, an(] other Parts of Germany, in behalf of them-

selves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Third and Fourth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it was enacted, for the Support of the Protestant Interest in Ireland, and for the Encouragement of the I.inen Manufacture of that Kingdom, That it should be lawful to export from Ireland, directly to the Plantations,

all Sorts of brown and white Linen Cloths, being the proper Manufacture of the said Kingdom; and, by an Act of the First of his present Majesty, the said Liberty of exporting Irish Linen was continued to them: That, unless some Provision be made, that the Merchants of Great Britain be put upon an equal Foot with the Traders of Ireland, it is much feared a great Part of the Trade will centre in that Kingdom, by the many Advantages they have already gained: And praying, That the Rnglish Merchants may be put upon the same Foot with the Inhabitants of Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Floufe, to whom the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Linen

Cloth to the British Plantations, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Linen-drapers of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, was prefcnied to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now depending before the House, for continuing the like Advantage to Ireland as they had by former Laws: Unless some Provision be made for the Linen-drapers, and other Dealers in Linen, so that they may lend their Goods to the Plantations Duty-free as well as the Irish, the Trade of the City of London will, in a great meat'ure, be transplanted to Ireland: That the Petitioners have been considerable Traders, and laboured under many Difficulties in a declining State of their Trade: And praying, That the Bill to give I^eave to the Inhabitants of Ireland to export their Lines Duty-free to the British Plantations may not pass into a Law; but that the Trade of the Plantations may be carried on as much for the Advantage of Great Britain as Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations, is committed.

Indemnity for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiTl for not taking indemnifying such Persons as have incurred Penalties, by Oath*. not taking the Oaths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for further explaining the Oath of Abjuration; and for inlarging the Time for taking the Oaths; and making the Penalties effectual: And that Mr. Baillie, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Haldane, and Sir William Gordon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A PETITION of several of the Inhabitants and Bur- Leominffer

geffes of the Borough of Leominster, in the County El*&wiw of Hereford, who have a Right of voting for electing Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough is a Borough by Prescription; and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, being about Three hundred, have sent Members to Parliament Time out of Mind; but that George Cafwall, being a Banker in London, came down to the said Borough; and, on the Election of a Bailiff and Magistrates, did interest himself lb much in the said Election, that he procured one to be

cholen Bailiff; John Cafwall, Brother of the said George, and one Whittington, Two Justices of the Peace; for the said Borough: That there has been a Vacancy in the said Borough, by the Right honourable the Lord Coningsby being created a Peer of Great Britain; the said George Caf-wall, and many his Agents, being Electors, and Inhabitants of the said Borough, by Bribery, Corruption, and other indirect Practices and Proceedings, procured the said George Cafwall to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Lord William Powlett reported, from the Com- Wear mittee, to whom the Bill for the Preservation and Im- Navigation, provement of the River Wear, and the Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was committed;

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards acquainted the House, That the Committee did appoint a Time to bear the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, upon their Petition on behalf of themselve^, apd many Thousands of poor People inhabiting in and about the said Town; but that neither the Petitioners, nor their Counsel, did attend to be heard thereupon at the Time appointed by the Committee; and then he delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the said Amendments were once read throughout:

And the First Amendment being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, with Amendments to some of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; except One of them, which was disagreed

South

Yarmouth

JUc&ion.

with.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That in Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the case the Captain, or Master, of a Ship or Vessel, or Per-Borough of South Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, be Ions offending, Ilia 11 withdraw out of the County, the received upon Tuesday Morning next. Commissioners, at their publick Meetings, may com-

VoL.au. ‘ 6S men<*

6* dprilis-

A. 1717:

mence and prosecute an Act)ion at Law in any Court of Record, in the Name of the Chairman, against such Captain, Mailer, or Persons offending, for the Recovery of Forfeitures: ,

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of ,be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, on their Petition against the said Bill, if they think fit, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That Addresses. their Addresses of the Third Instant had been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, pursuant to an Act, of the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland; and also an Account of the gross and net Produce of the several Funds applicable to the linking the Principal, or Payment of the Interest, of the National Debt; distin-guishing each of the said Funds, and the annual Exceeding or Deficiency of them respectively, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred Ten to Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen; antj also an Account how much of the said Deficiencies have been made good by Parliament; might be laid before the House; and that his Majesty had given Directions for the said Report and Accounts to be laid before this House.

Treaty with Mr. Secretary Stanhope also acquainted the House, Sweden in That, pursuant to their Addressof the Fourth Instant, his 1 99-1700- Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House, a Copy of the Treaty with of the T‘gth of January

: And he presented the same accordingly:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy of the Treaty with Sweden do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Menlbers of the House.

The said Copy is as followctli; viz.

Quandoquidem ferenelfimus et potentiflimus Princeps et Domiuus, Dominus Carolus duodecimus, Suecoruni, Gothorum, Vandalorumque, Rex; magnus Princeps Finland®; Dux Scania*, Efthoni®, Livonia:, Careli®, Brom®, Verd®, Stettini, Pomerani®, Calliibi®, et Vandalise; Princeps Rugite; Dominus Ingri® et Wifmari®; necnon Comes Palatinus Rheni; Bavari®, Juliaci, C'livi®, et Montium, Dux; necnon lereniffimus et potentiffimus Princeps et Dominus, Dominus Gulielmus tertius, Magn® Britanni®, Fraud®, et Hiberni®, Rex, fidei defenfor; pro intimioris muture amiciti®, et lincer® necellitudinis adlertione et majoi i confirmatione, atque pro adaugenda et promovenda altc meinoratormn Regmu, eortimque regnorum et fubditorum, l'alute et securitate, consultutn fore existimarnnt, ut anteriora inter inclyta Sueci® et Mqgn® Britanni® regna, adeoque altememoralorum Re-gum pr®deceflores Reges, inita foedcra readliimerentur, reuoverentur, et cmendareutur; Sacra Regia Majestas Sueci® itaque perficiendo huic falutari operi legitime eonltitucre, atque liifficienti mandato instruere voluit iilul-triflimum et excellentiliimuin dominum, dominum Nico-laum liberum baronem de Lillieroot, ejufdcm Regi® Ma-jeltatis legatum extraordinarium ct plenipotentiarum apod cellos et prepotentes dominos ordines generales Foederati Belgii; Sacra Regia Majestas Magn® Britanni® autem illultriliimum et excellentilfimum dominum, dominum Jose|>hum \V illiamlbn equilem auratmn, pr®dist® Sacr® -Regi® Majellati a conliliis intimis, ejufdemque legatum extraordinariimi et plenipoteutiarium; qni congrelfi hie Hag® 1 omitum, exhibitis utrinque et commutatis man-

datorum formulis, variifque*ea de causa mftitutis collo-quiis, poll accuratam, pro negotii gravitate, rerum cog-nitionen et difquisitionem, convenerunt et conlenferunt pro bali et fundamento recipere lbedus Holmi®, anno 1665, die prima Martii, conclufum; ita tamen ut de iis, qu® utriufque regnorum et fubditorum commercia con-cemunt, atque pr®.ati foederis de anno 1665 parteincon-fieiunt, quamprimum, et absque ullo temporis dispendio, Holmi® ab utriufque partis commissariis negotiatio inlli-tui debeat: Quod autem coticernit rnutuam amicitiam, bonam correspondentiam, et securitatem, pr®distum sue-dus anni 166,5 hoc pr®fenti foedere omnino confirmatur et corroboratur, adhibitis additionibus vel immutationi-bus quibuldam, prout sequentibus articulis fufius cautuia et llatutum eft.

I.

Sit inter Sacram Regiam Majestatem Sueci®, ejulque . hffiredes et succesibres Reges, ab uua, et Sacram Regiam Majestatem Magu® Britanni®, ejulque h®redes et luc-ceffores Reges, ab altera parte, atque universa et lingula utriulque regna, ditiones, provincias, infulas, terras, co-lonias, urbes, oppida, populos, cives, et incolas, atque adeo omnes oinuino fubditos et vafallos, tam qui nunc sunt, quam qui in pollerum erunt, tam in Europa, quarn extra earn, ubivis locoru.n, tam terra, quam mari, et aquis dulcibus, lincera et conllans in perpetuumamicitia, foedus, et bona correl’pondentia; it a ut neque ipli sibi invicem, vel alter alterius regnis, provinciis, coloniis, ubicunque litis, et fubditis, ullum incommodum interant, neque hoc ab aliis fieri permittant et conleutiant; led fe invicem fin-cero affeftujOmni bcnevolentia, et amore, compleftantur.

IL

Tenebitur proinde uterque confoederatorum, eornmque h®rede3 et fuccelfores, mutuum commodurn et honoretu omni studio curare et proinovere; irnminentia in alterum confoederatorum pericula, conspirationes, et niachina-tiones hol’tiles, mature, quamprimum, feilicet, innotuerint, indicare et detegere; iilquc, quantum in iliis fiierit, ob-stare; ac illas conliliis ac viribus avertere et impedire: Ac propterea alicui confoederatorum non licebit, vel per fe, vel per alios quofeunque, agere, traftare, aut conuri, quicquam alterius incoinmodo vel damno, terrarum aut dominiorum alterius qualiuincunquc, ubivis loci, five mari, five terra; hostes ejus, five rebelles, et iniinicos, in con-fiederati damnum, nullatenus fovebit; nef|ue rebellitmt ct proditorum quemquam in ditiones fuas recipiet aut ad-mittet; multo minus conlinum, auxiiium, et favorem, iliis pr®ltabit, vel talc quid per fubditos, populum, aut incolas iuos, prieltaii linet ant promittet.

IH.

Ac quo majori cum fruftu pr®dista amicitia, et bona correspondentia, in utriufque altiffnne memoratorum regum, eorumqne regnorum et fubditorum utilitatem indies melius excoli, ac eorundem securitati magis profpici ac caveri pofiit; utrinque convenit, ut lerenilfimi ac poten-tifliini Reges, regnaque Sueci®, et IVIagn® Britanni®, speciali foedere defenfivo quam arftillime nefterentur; quemadmodum hilce prmfentibus arctillimo foede re con-llringuntur, ac invicem obligantnr, ad mntuam defen-lionetn pr®llandam, turn luorutn regnorum, ditionuin, provinciarum, statuuui fubditorum possessionum, turn juriian et libertatis navigationis et commerciorum, taiu in mari Baltico, freto Oreliindico, finu Codano, quam mari Septentiionali, Deucalidonico, Occidental!, Britan-nico, freto vulgo Canali dicto, turn etiam privilegionun et prerogativarum alterutri confoederatorum, tam ex paftis et receptis confuetudinibus, quam gentium, ct h®reditario jure, competentium, contra quofeunque invalbres, aggrel-fores, et terra, vel mari, lurbatores in Europa; prout iuferius hoc specialius declaratum ell.

IV.

Si itaque conlingat Sacram Regiam Majestatem,. ejuf* que.b®redes et successores Reges, regnumque Sut:ci«, ab aliquo Rege, Principe, Statu, Republicu, rebelle uno, vel pluribus. aut quibulvis personis malevolis, uno vel

pluribus

Googh

3 Geo. I. 6° Jprills.

527

pluribus in Europa, invadi, infeftari, et turbari, in reg-nis, ditionibus, provinciis, infulis, et dominiis, tarn intra quam extra regna, ut et in Germania, ad Reges regnaque Suecia? spe&antibus, necnon in possessionibus et praeroga-tivis, privilegiis, et jnribus fuis inde pendentibus, vel also quocunque modo, in libertate navigationis et commtrcio-rum in praedi6tis maribus et fretis impediri, et molestia affici, tenebitur Sacra -Regia Majestas Magnae Britanniae, ejufque haeredes et successores Reges, previa legitima re-quisitione, fereniflimo Regi, ejufque heredibus et successoribus Regibus, regnii’que Sueciae, contra ejuftnodi aggressores, turbatores, et rebelles, exercitu sex mille pe-ditibus constante auxilio esse, ea conditione et modo, ut infra specialius determinabitur.

Similiter, fi contingat Sacram Regiam Majestatem, ejufque haeredes et successores Reges, regnaque Magnae Britanniae, ab aliquo Rege, Principe, Statu, Republics, rebelle uno vel pluribus, aut quibufvis personis malevo-lis, uno vel pluribus, in Europa, invadi, infeftari, et turbari, in regnis, ditionibus, provinciis, infulis, et dominiis, ad 'Regnes regnaque Magnae Britanniae pertinenli-bus, ut et juribus inde dependentibus, vel also quocunque modo, in libertate navigationis et commerciorum in prae-distis maribus et fretis impediri, et molestia affici, tenebitur Sacra Reg’ Majestas, ejufque haeredes et successores Reges, regnaque Sueciae, contra tales aggressores, turbatores, et rebelles, fereniflimo Regi Magnae Britanniae, ejufque haeredibus et successoribus Regibus, post legiti-mam requisitionem et denunciationem, auxilio esse exercitu sex mille peditibus constante, ea conditione et modo, ut infra determinabitur.

VI.

Cum autem articulo 2do mentio fafla fit rebellis vel rebellium, visum eft e re utriufque confcederati futurum, terminum iftum pluribus his explicare; videlicet, Quod quicunque per literas alterutrius confcederatorum confe-derato fuo miffas pro rebelle et perduelle declarabitur, mox confoederatorum ille, cui literae miflbe erunt, decla-ratum rebellem pro tali reputabit; omniaque, quae per hoc foedus contra alterius rebelles fancita sunt, effectum fortiantur.

VII.

Antequam tamen auxiliares copias miltantur, vim et in-juriam passus cum altero foederatorum communicabit; et tunc quidem uterque confcederatorum operam impendet, ut invafor, feu turbator, amicabili ratione inducatur a vi et injuria abftinere, ne ad arma venire necessum fit: Quod fi vero ea ltcdentcm occupavcrit pertinacia, ut nullis ami-cabilibus rationibus ad a?qua prafftanda defeendere velit, atque ita injuriatusac laefus confoederatus violationem sibi illatem vi et armis propulfare, ac ulteriorem turbationem impedire, coastus fuerit; tunc demum copiae praefatae fine procraftinatione miltantur; nec prius defiftatur quam parti laelse per omnia satisfactum fuerit; quiaetiam ih tali casu injuriis extorquens justam defenfionutn pro aggrciLre habendus venit.

vnr.

p.Iittentur autem illae copiae auxiliares post menfem quartum a die primo nofificationis infinuaUe, feu fa6tar> re-quisitionis, nmneranduin; vel citius etiam, fi fieri poflit, et requirens id defidcravit, non obftantibus officiis confe-derati requisiti ad amicabilem compositionem, vigore foederis, praeftandis; in locum portu commodum, et ac-ccffu facilem, quem auxilium requirens denominabit; et alentur ibi, et luftentabr.ntur, lumptibus mittentis, donee pax obtenta fuerit, vel quoulque ea? necessariac requirenti vidtbuntur; ita tamen, ut requirens interim in fuis ditionibus providcat, ut auxiliares copiae, non lecus ac propria?, justo pretio commeatum, et caetera ad viCtum et amictum necessaiia, habere poffint.

IX.

Utrique tamen foederatorum, et imprimis auxilium re-quiienti, liberum fit eligere, utrum supra nominatum ex-crciturn, vel totum, vel partem tant.ummodo, ejuldem, in militibus, vel apparatu bellico, munitione, coimneatu, navibus, et illis rebus, quae ad carem instructioncm requi-

Vol. IS.

runtur, habere velit; ea tamen seftimatione inita, tit pro singulis mille peditibus quolibet menle usque ad fintm belli quatuor millia imperialium thalerorum computen-tur; de qua aeftimatione utriufque partis commisfarii, fine cunftatione, bona fide convenient.

X.

Quod fi periculum aliquod obstiterit, quominus copiae auxiliares ablque impedimento ad ilium locum, in quo requirenti necessuria? fuerint, perveniant; operam fuam confoederati simul impendere tenebuntur, ut transitus illis et tutior et facilior fiat; necnon requisito licitum fit, pro-prium aliquem ducem copiis fuis praeficere; eaedemque, quatenus ratio belli tulerit, in uno eodemque agminejunc-tae permaneanl: Quod ita intelligendum, ne ad loco pro-cul inter fe remota distrahantur: designatus autem auxili-arium copiarum dux, vel generalis, requirentis Imperio militari, aut ejus pra?fe<5lo generali, in operntionibus bel-licis fubfit; omniaque ea, quae dufitum militfe, modurn agendi, et alios quofeunque eventus, concernunt, itacon-ftituantur, quemadmodum in hello, et auxiliorum praefta-tione, plerumque ufu venire folet: Quod etiam in illo casu locum habebit, fi forte naves loco et vice militias ter-restris subminiftrari contigerit, quae, tanquam auxiliares, vexilla requirentis gerere tenebuntur.

XI.

Si vero acciderit, ut pro magnitudine perreuli copiae de-terminatae non futfecerint; utpote fi aggressor forte alterius cujultlam fui confoederati ouxiiiis adjutus fuerit; tunc, uterque quidem confcederatorum, prsevia requisitione de-bita, majoribus viribus, quas tuto et commode, qua terra, qua mari, contrahere poifit, parti laefae lubvenire tenebitur; ita tamen, ut, cxiftente illo casu, de modo peculia-riter secundum naturam et exigentiam rei inter confederates quantocius transigatur.

xn.

Licitum quoque erit utrique confoederatorum, eorum-que fubditis, naves luas bcllicas in alterutrius portuslub-ducere, ibique hibernare, morari, illorumque immunitati-bus et privilegiis frui et gaudere; modo in ipfis portribi s, vel eorum ingressu, illi, qui communes hostes nen sunt, non infeftentur; ac per hoc cum iis omnis commerciorum usus ad di&os portos interturbetur et tollatur: Cum-que Reges foederati mutuo confenlerint de navigationc et eommerciis . Holmia? peculiarem negotiationem instituere, negotiatio ista ibi quamprimum, et fine ulla mora, pertrac-tabitur et perficietur: Intcrea temporis, et ufqiu dum ilia effectum iiium fortiatur, illi articuli foederis Ixmdini anno 1661 conclufi, qui navigationem et cotnmercia spec-tant, in integro vigore fuo permancant, non secus ac fi de verbo act verbum hie inlerti effect.

XIII.

Quae autem initio praecedentis articuli reccnfentur, al-tcrutrius holtibus nullatenus indulgcbuntur; quemadmodum nec permittetur, ut fubdiii alterutrius confcederatorum hoftibus alterius, in conferdcrati incommodum et de-trimentum, operam fuam addicant, illifque quoqno modo, qua terra, qua mari, ut milites, vel nautte, inferviant; ideoque id iis feveriliime interdicetur.

XIV.

Praffens fedus, inter fercniffiinos Sueciae et Magnae Britanniae Reges initum, neutri foederatorum in fuis rega-libus juribus,. et dominio raarium (nempe Sacra; Begins Majestati Sueciae in maris Baltici, et Sacra? Regia? Maje-Itati Magnae Britanniae in marium, quae vulgo Britaunica dicuntur, domipio), quicquam derogabit; fed uterque llegum foederatorum fupraditla omnia, cum omnibus, quae inde dependent, sicut nunc, ita in posterum, reline-bit; iil'que lihere, et fine ulla contradittione, fruetur; quae quidem fupradifitorum omnium fruitio utrinque in-telligi debet, lklvo praslcnti hoc federe.

XV.

Postquam dicto modo requisitus auxilia miferit, vel ex foederis lege obligalioni fuse faiisfecerit, necefic eft, ut ei-dem, ejufque securilati, viciffim profpiciatur; ac proinde utrinque convenit, ut fiquidem contederato, suppetias auspicio requisiti militaturas ferenti, interminis auxiliato-ris permanfiffe detur, nec ob praeftitum auxilium hello

ipfeinet

Treaty

Sweden

1699 —

A. 1717.

Treaty with Sweden in 1609 — 1700,

ipfemet involute fuerit, fine inclufione et securitate ejuf-dem nullus traciatus pads, vel induciarum, iniri, imo ne suspenfio quidem annorum dfiiturna, et alteri foederat,o-rum noxia, fieri poffit: Quod fi vero ob latas suppetius cum aggressore, vel also quocunque, apeito bello impli-cetur, tunc neuter, fine alterius confenfu et consilio, ne que ad prteliminares neque ad principales, cum hoste vel hoftibus tradatus descendat; fed omnia mutua opera, comuiunicatione, et consilio, agantur et tradentur, donee utrique confoederato de sufficiente securitate, et satisfac-tjone debita, ex communi confenfu plenifiime cautum fit; praeprimis ei confoederatorum, qui prius bello im-mixtus salt, neutiquam licebit bellum pace mutare, an-tequam alter cenfaw&ratorum, qui vi foederis confoederato fuo auxilium tulit, per omnia ab hoste indemrtis prsefte-tur; ac, ad minimum, priftino fuo statui, quo ante bellum inchoatum gavifus eft, aut jure gaudere debuit, modo status et conditio ejus per hoitem, et inde per infe-cutum bellum, diminutionem aliquam acceperit, plenrffi-me reftituatur.

XVI.

Supra didis de auxilio ad requisittonem cofifoederafi fe-rendo haec conditio per expressum appolita eft; ut fi contingat alturutrum confoederatorum Regnum, requisitum, vel ipfummet bello contra communem hoftem implicari, vel ab also vicino Rege, Principe, vel Statu, in propriis regnis ac prorinpiis inteftari, ita ut requisitus illam infe-stationem pro vero bello haheat; cui avertendo rCqttirens ipse alias, vigore hujus foederis, ad auxilia ferenda obliga-retur; tunc after confoederatorum taliter infcftatus, non tantum durante ilia invafione, qua premitur, promifla auxilia prseftare non tenebitur; verunrt eti&m, fiqufe co-pise auxiliares ad requisitionem alterius cotiftedCfati ante invafionem mifiae lunt, prsevia trium menfiuro significa-tionc, eafdem ad propriam fui, regnorumque fuorum, defeofionum revocare poterit

XVII.

£t quamvis foederati auxilia sibi invicein mittere modo fiiperius dido teneantur; ista obligatio tanien nentiquam eo extendi debet, ut propterea omnis protinus amicitia, et mutuus commerciorum usus, cum alterius feed era ti hoftibus, eorumque fubditis, omnino tollendus et interdi-cendus veniat; nam, existente tali casu, quod unus con-feederatorum, etiamfi auxilia requisitus tulerit, bello im-mixtus ipfc non fuerit, ejus fubditis ac incolis cum hoftibus illlus foederati, qui ill bello vfcrfatur, commercia et tiavigationes liberae erunt; et iifdem jquafcunque merces, non expresse vetitas, et contrabande difitas, etiam immediate ad hostes tuto advehere licebit; prout in speciali tradatu commerciorum fufius hac de re itatuetur.

xviii.

Quandoquidem ad conservando navigationis commer-ciique libertatem in mari Baltico utile videtur, ut firma exadaque amicitia et concordia inter fereniflimos et poten-tifliinos Reges Suecise et Daniae existat; et summe me-morati Suecise et Danse Reges, glorioiiffimse memorise, tunc temporis regnantes, non tantum per ipsa publica pacta pacificatoria in castris ad Hafniam die 27* Mali 1660 ereda, et per commutatas utrinque padorum ratifie'actiones, fe invicem oblig&runt ad omnium et singulorum in didis padis comprehenforum articulorum, et claulu-larum, facrofandam et inviolabilem observationem; fed etiam paulo ante conclufus foedus Sueco Anglicum anni 1665 erga fercnifiimum et potentifiimum Principem Ca-rolum lecundura Magnae Britanniae Regem, gloriofiflimae memorise, tunc temporis regnantem, pariter declarlrunt fe saepe didaepacificationis legibus et articulis omnibus et fiftgulis sincere, et bona fide, vella stare, nec ab padorum tenore vM latum unguem recedere; unde accidit, ut alte-mcmoratus Magnse Britanniae Rex Carolus fecundus utri-usque altememorati Regis Suecise et Daniae voluntate et confenfu iupradida, et die 27 Maii anno t66o in castris ad Hafniam inita pada, quoad omnes et Angulos eorundem padorum articulos, partes, etclauliilas, peculiar! guarantiee diplomare paulo post conclufomdie i* Martii 1665 foedus Sueco Anglicum, nimirum, die 9" Odobris anni ejusdem, complederetur; et eo ipso eorundem padorum, et fingu-

lorunrt in iis comprehertfdrum, articulorum, fideijufihrfetn et vindicem fe profiteri vellet; quibusf omnibus1 cum1 post-modum acceflerit instrutnentum pads inter fereniflimos et poteritiffimos Suecise et Daniae Reges novifllmum Lon-dini in Scania anno 1679 eonclufum; quod expressam transactionum Rofchildenfis, Hafnienfis, et Westphalfae; repetitionem et confinuationem continet; ideo fereniffi-ihus et potentiffimus Magnae Britattrtife Rex, vigOFe hujus foedteris, fe obstrirtgit, et verbo regio promittit, ut fi; prae-ter spem; alter utter Regum, in praejudicium five universo-rum padorum, five unius vel plorium in iis comprehenforum articulorum; atque adeo ft Regum alteruter in praejudicium personaruin, provinciarum, territoriorurti, irtfula-rum, bonorum, dominiorum, et jurium (qua? vigore pac-torum tarn saepe didorum, et in castris ad Hafniam die 27* Maii, anno 1060, quam postea Stockholmise, die 3* JTulii ejusdem Anni1, de inful as Bornholmenfis permutatione, ut et subsequutse praefetae pacts Londinenfis in Saania deair-no 1679, initorum, cuique intprefiatorum, didis padis comprehenforum, attributa font); aliquid five perse, five per alios, prafumat vesselancultrm machinari et molirr, vel palam molestiis, injuriave aliqua, vel vi, etarmata ma-nu, attentare; turn fereniffimus et potentiffimus Magna Britannia Hex, pro mutua et constanti amborum Regum Suecia et Dania, feu principalium pacifcentium, amicitia porro conservanda, primum interventu fuo omnia amice et foederati Regis oflicia, qua ad fapiffime nomiiurtorum padorum, et singulorum in iis comprehenforum articulorum, integritatem, atque adeo ad pads inter ambos Reges tuitionem, facere poterunt, sese prteftiturum; delude, fi Regum is, qui prajudiciorum taliurn, vel molestia irrju-riacquc alicujus contra fapiffime memorata pada, et contra aliquem in iis comprehenl'utn articulum, fadae author eft, a moliminibus praejudiciofis, et padorum lffefione, mo-nitus defiftere nolit; turn fereniffimus et potentiffimus Magnae Britannia* Rex, feu pacificatoriorum padorum, et Omnium et singulorum in iis comprehenforum articulorum, fideijuffor et vindex, vigore hujus foederis et promisfi, laefo, et injuriis laceffito, eoufqne, et eo modo, sup-petias feret, quatenus praefentibus padis filter Reges Sue-cite et Magnae Britanniae in tali casu definition et conven-tum eft.

XIX.

Sit praeterea inter summe memoratos Succiae et Magnae Britanniae Reges, in pesterum adhuc ftridior confoedera-tio et unio pro defenfione et conservationc Religionis Pro-testantium Evangelicae et Reformatae, quam iub Divina Providentia fe asserturos, et proteduro^,1 d conservaturos, lit et omnia, quae ad earn spedaut, promiltunt, et praefen-tibus fe ad id obligant.

X X.

Quemadmodum ambo summe memorati Reges hoc. ipso profitentur fe equidem quibuftlain padis et foederibus, quae antehac cum ali'is inita sunt, adhuc obstringi, eaqua etiam ex praeferipto eorundem padorum velle debito mode fervare; fed tamen nullus omnino padis. et inibi com* prehenfis claufulis, hoc tempore teneri, qua? hoc foedus ullo modo infirmare et impedire valeant aut debeant; ita, quo magis reciproca foederatorum tides et perseverantia in hac societate appareat, animique fubditorum et amicorum confirinentur, utrique summe memorati Reges fe invicem obligant, et declarant le omnibus et singulis htijus foederis articulis sincere, et bona fide, staturos; neque de genuitioet communi praedidotum articulorum fenfn, fub ullo corn-modi, amicitia?, prioris foederis, padi et promiffi, preetex-tu, vel also quOvis colore, vel latum unguem difeefluros; fed omnia, qua? in hoc foedere promiserunt, prout res et negotia postulabunt, per fe, vel per ministros et fubditos fuos, executioni proinptiffime et plenifiime, adeoque cum effedu, mandaturos; idque fine ulla limitatione, excep-tione, vel excusatione; exceptis iis, qua? in prrecedentibus hujus foederis articulis exprimuntur.

XXI.

Duret hoc foedus defenfivum in ododecim annos; ante quorum lapfinn confoederati Reges de ejus plenaria continuatione denuo tradare poterunt, li eorum utrique ita visum fuerit.

XXII,

*5

3 Geo. I.

529

Mierop’s

Nat.

Leominster

Election.

Throwing at Cocks, &cq.

lercford

*y

e6tio».

xxii.

Quemadmodum base pafta, vi accepts pofceftatis et

mandatorum utrinque, conclufa sunt $ ita eadem ab utraque Sacra Regia Majestate Sueci®, et Magnae Bri-tannis, in debita et folenni forma approbari, et rata baberi, eorumque ratificationis instrumenta, Anglicum, uimirum, Sacr® Rep® Majestatis Sueci® ministro Lon-dini, Suedicum vero Sacrae Regi® Majestatis Magn® Bri-tanni® ministro Holmiac, intra duorum vel trium men-fium spatium a tempore hujus subscriptionis numerando-rum, vel citius, ft ita fieri potent, exhiberi debent.

In majorem omnium lupradiftorum certitudinem, et robur hujus traftatus, bina exemplaria confefta sunt; quorum unum fupradiftus Sacr® Regi® Majestatis Sueci® lega-tus extraordinarius Hag® Comitum subseripfit, ac sigilli fui impressione munivit; alterum vero fupradiftus Sacr® Regi* Majestatis Magn® Britanni* legatus extraordinarius Londoni subseripfit, et sigillo fuo firmavit; idque uno eodemquedie; nimirum Januarii, anno 1700.

(L. S.) N. Lillieroot.

(L. S.)

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Bennet .*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords Ijave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Kuyckvawithout any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Henry Gorges Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Richard Gorges Esquire, and George Esquire,

l’tood Candidates for and at the last Election for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Hertford: That the Petitioner had a Majority of good and legal Votes above the said Richard Gorges and George Caszvall; the Votes of such Persons being let aside, who had received Monies for their said Votes; and that, by very great Bribery and Corruption of the said Richard Gorges and George Casu al/, and their Agents, and by Expences, Threats, Menaces, by several Persons, and other indirect Practices, the said Richard Gorges and George Casrxall had the Majority above the Petitioner, lo gained and procured as aforesaid; and the said George Caswall was returned; in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief and Consideration of this honourable House of and in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

f \ R D E R E D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which frequently happen by throwing at Cocks, and kicking Foot-balls, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Bills of Mortality: And that Mr. Godfrey and Mr. London, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Timothy Geers Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That on the Death of the late Lord Scudamore, a Writ issued for the Election-of a Citizen for the City of Hereford; the Petitioner and Herbert Rudhall Wtffaling Esquire, ltood Candidates:

That the Petitioner had as many legal Votes for the said City as amounted to above the N umber of Four hundred; but the said Mr. Westfaling, by Bribery, Corrupt V01, 1$.

lion and other undue Praftioes, prevailed upon a Majority of the Electors to vote for him; lo that the said Mr.

Westfaling has got himself unduly elected and returned a Member for the said City: Whereas, if the Votes of those Electors, who were influenced by Bribery, had not been received, the Petitioner had had a very great Majority:

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Kildare, Earl of Thomas Lord Coningsby, in behalf of his Two Infant Ranelagh's Daughters by the Lady Frances his late Wife, and the Estate.

Lady Katharine Jones; which said Elizabeth Countels of Kildare, the late Lady Frances Coningsby, and the Lady Katharine Jones, were the Daughters and Co-heirs of Richard late Earl of Ranelagh, deceased; and also John Barnes, Abraham Harrison, and Robert Pet re, in behalf of themselves, and others, Creditors of the said late Lord Ranelagh; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Richard late^Earl of Ranelagh, in his Life-time, did, for several Year? in the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and her late Majesty Queen Anne, execute the Office of Paymaster General of the Forces of this Kingdom; but died before his final Accounts of that Office were passed, considerably indebted to the Petitioners, and several other Persons, his Creditors, in several Sums of Money: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said late Earl’s Two Houses at Chelsea and

Cranbourn, together with the Lands and Goods thereunto belonging; and that the Money arising by. such Sale or Sales may be placed out on some of the Publick Funds, to abide and answer the Event of the said late Earl’s publick Accounts; and the Produce and Improvement of the Monies, arising by such Sale, may be, in the First place, applied in Payment of all such Sums of Money as already have been, or hereafter shall be, expended in prosecuting the said Bill, and the said Accounts to a final Determination; and the Surplus of the Interest that shall be made of the Purchase-money, beyond such Disbursements, from the time of such Sale to the discharging the Debt that shall be due to the Crown, may be laid out and improved, at Interest, in Augmentation of the Fund that shall be raised by the said Sale, to be applied, together with the said Fund, in Payment of the Crown Debt; and, after Payment thereof, then to be applied to the several Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jessop, Mr. Smith, and the Lord Molesivdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Highgate, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from the &c. Roads. Stones End at Goswell-street, in the Parish of St. Gyles's,

Cripplegate; from the Stones End at St. John's-street, in the Parish of St. James's, Clerkenwell; from the Stones End at Grays-inn-lane, in the Parish of St. Andrews,

Holborn; and from the Stones End at Gyles’s Pound, in the Parish of St. Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; to Highgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of Hornsey, in the said County; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Trustees appointed in the Act, of the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford, to elect a Trustee or Trustees, for the better putting the said Act in Execution, in the room of any such of the said TruT-tees as shall happen to die, or remove.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Regiftenng Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to reaifter P»pict«

6 T ‘ their Estates-

530

8° — 9" Aprilis. A. 1717-

their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Ho :fe.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Malt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ttie Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the . Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.,

Wells Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-Election. vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Wells, in the county of ; and for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply- The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ' of the Motion on Thursday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge, or Apprehensions from the Designs of Sweden, for the future;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message, of Wednesday lait, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cmnaittoe*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Isle of Man, between Christinas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

A Bill for Sale of the Estate of John Stone the elder, stone'f and John Stone the younger, in the County of Suffer, for Eft»u. discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of One of the Co-heirs of John Stone the younger; and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein is mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Butler, Lord Sonds, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. White,

Mr. Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Treby, Sir Richard Farrington, Nix. Cunningham, Sir Ar-

thur Kay, Mr. Coventry, Sir Nico. Carew, Mr. Nooil,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Offiey, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. worth., Colonel Morgan, Mr. Farrer, Mr. London, Mr.

York, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lade, Mr. Morice, Mr. Heme,

Mr. Diston, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Inge, Sir Wm. Humphreys, Sir Tho. Crosse, Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Colemore, Mr. Smith, Lord Sir

Robert Daoers, Mr. Tracers, Mr. H Mr. Smelt, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Broadrick, Mr. Booth, Sir Hen.

Houghton; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Freemen of the City of Hereford Hereford, on behalf of themselves, and several other un- City bribed Freemen of the said City, was presented to the Election. House, and read; setting forth. That, on the Death of the late Lord Scudamore,a Writ issued for the Election of a Citizen for the said City; whereupon Timothy Geers and Herbert RudhalWestfaling Esquires, stood Candidates:

That the Petitioners, and so many more of the legal Voters, voted for the said Mr Geers;but the said Mr. Westfaling, by Bribery, Corruption, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned for the said City: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Martts, 90 die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Duties on ^TPH E House being informed. That Mr. Martyn, In- ex~ A spe&or General of the Customs attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of the First Instant; with an Account shewing the Produce of the Six Pence per Piece upon all Bri-tijn Linens exported from England between Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; also what the Duties, ad valorem, of Irish linen exported, have produced; and what Hamborough Linens have been re-exported, for the same time.

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

'Die laid Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Exporting Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Iri& Line*, jjg whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to encourage the linen Manufactures of the Isle of Man.

Dntiee on Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do "* lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the pMtea Duties upon Linens imported into Great Britain, from the

Mr Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Designed

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider InvaGon by of the Motion, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, Sweden- j to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge, or Apprehensions from the' Designs of Sweden for the future, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; 1

and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his I

Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes '

and States, as may prevent any Charge, or Apprehensions 1

from the Designs of Sweden, for the future.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in

the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Ma-' I

jetty, to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with 1

foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge, I

or Apprehensions from the Designs of Sweden, for the

future;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas '«

Tellers for the Noes,| ^fbefrumeje i 149

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s gracious Message, of the Third of April instant, be referred to the Committee

of

Exporting Irish Linen.

South Yarmouth, &c. Elections.

Highgate, Ice. Roads.

Supply Bill; Duties on Uoufes.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Liverpole

Dock.

East India Company.

3 Geo. I.

90 — to0 Apr ills.

S3i

of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of South YarmouthCity of Wells, and Borough of Steyning, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That General Pepper, Mr. Lade, Sir Wm. Dairies, Mr. Offley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Goswell-street, in the Parish of Saint Gyles's, Cripple-

gate; from the Stones End at Saint in the

Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwel from the Stones End

at Gray's-inn-lane, in the Parish of Saint Andrews,

boum; and from the Stones End at Saint s Pound, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; to Highgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of in the said County; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till 'so-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i o°;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a lesser Incumbrance; and for redeeming lb much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption contained in former Acts of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

at any such time, shall be and remain to such Society, Company, or Corporation, undivided: And that in case any such Society, Company, or Corporation, by any Dividend or Dividends whatsoever to be made amongst themselves, or in their private or personal Capacities, shall reduce or lessen their Joint Stock, Principal, or Capital, without limiting, paying off, or proportionably reducing, the total Sum of the said Debts, which they shall owe to others, as aforesaid, so that the Value of their Joint Stock, Principal, or Capital, undivided, shall not be sufficient to answer their just Debts then remaining unpaid; in every such Case, the particular Members, and every of them respectively, who in their private or personal Capacities, shall receive any Share of such Dividend, shall be severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as the respective Shares so by them respectively received upon such Dividend or Dividends shall extend, to pay and satisfy the Debts which shall remain due and unpaid by such Society, Company, or Corporation, respectively, to any other Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as aforesaid; who, by virtue of the said Act, shall and may sue for, and recover, the fame, besides Cost of Suit, by Action of Debt, or of the Cafe, as is before mentioned; any thing in the said Act, or any other Act, Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: That this Clause may be of very fatal Consequence, not only to the present, but former, Adventures of the Company; and the Adventurers, and their Heirs, being ever liable to a Prosecution for Dividends they have received: That, during the time the Company was limited to a short Term of Years, the Dangers from this Clause were not great; but now the Fears are most justly grounded, since the Company is made perpetual by the Act of Parliament of the Tenth of Queen Anne: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and so explain and qualify the Clause aforesaid, that the private Adventurers, and their Heirs, may not be exposed to chargeable and vexatious Lau’-suits.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Supply.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Fellmes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand

Seven hundred Seventeen, without any Amendment: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Bason, at Liverpole, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpole, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Adventurers, and Creditors of the united Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the East Indies, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That, by a Clause in the Act of Parliament, of the Ninth and Tenth of King William, for establishing the East India Trade, it is enacted, That every Society, Company, or Corporation, whatsoever, which shall be erected or established in pursuance of the said Act, and their Successors, respectively, shall take care, that the Sum Total of all the Debts w’hich such Society, Company, or Corporation, respectively shall owe at any one time to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, do not exceed the Value of the Principal or Capital Stock or Stocks, which, Vol. 18.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Royal Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to Two publick Bills, and to One private Bili; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen;

An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Arme, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock, or Bason at Liverpoole, for Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Kuyckvan Mierop.

Ordered, That'Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Brittiffe, Sir Expedition

Eyles, Sir Cha. Wager, Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Little- to Canada ton, Mr. Barington Shute, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Thomas Scawen, Mr. Gould, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bere, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and residing in, New York and New England, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

And

5J3 10° — ii‘

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Jwiiy 11° Afrllti

Anno 3* Geoqpi Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

imports from \ PETITION of the Deputies of Jersey and Jersey and ' f\ Guernsey, in behalf of the Inhabitants of the said

juem ey. jflan(jSj and Qf the Inhabitants of the Islands of Sarke and Alderney, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of the said Islands have always had the Privilege of importing into England, Custom fl ee, any Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of those Islands, upon Certificates from their respective Governors, and Oaths before their Magistrates, that the same were of the said Growth, Produce, or Manufacture: The said Inhabitants, being lately questioned for the Payment of Duties on their Goods imported into Great Britain, have been obliged to give Bonds, with Securities for answering the said Duties; which Duties should they be obliged to pay, would be their utter Ruin, and oblige them to leave their native Country, and feck their Livelihoods elsewhere: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the Petitioners.

Highgate, A Petition of several Citizens, Gentlemen, Innholders, ttc. Roads. anc[ other Inhabitants, within London, and other

Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others who use and frequent Smith/eild Market, and live in or near London, SmithJ'eild, and Places adjacent, and that pass and repass the several Roads leading from the Stones End, adjoining to Tunmull-street, to Highgate, Hampstead, Hendon, and Waterford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of Saint Mary Islington, St. James's, Clerkemoell, Saint Gyles's, Cripplegate, and Saint Pancras, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Roads from the Stones End through the respective Parishes aforesaid to Highgate, the said Bill has been Twice read, and now stands referred to a Committee: That there is omitted out of the said Bill the said Road adjoining to Tummll-street, in the said Parish of Saint James, Clerkemoell, to Pancraslant, near Battle-bridge; and the said Committee cannot provide in the said Bill for the same without a particular Instruction: And praying, That the said Road may like-wife be included in the said intended Act.

And the said Petition was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Totnes Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, in the room of Arthur Champemorwn Esquire, deceased.

Call of th< The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the House. House;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Thursday the Second Day of May next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriff and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of the House on the said Second Day of May; And that this House will proceed with the utinofl Severity againl't such Members, whose Excuses shall not be allowed of, as shall not then attend the Service of the House.

Aprilis. A. 1717.

Ordered, That no Member do profane to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of One and Two of the Clock.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Registering into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Papists explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, Estates> intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering j

And a Motion being made, nod the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for tire Noes. j'Jj/ } 123-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the South Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Yarmouth appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough Ele<a‘on‘ of Yarmouth, in the Hie of Wight, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Theodore Janssen Knight, and Anthony Morgan Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Henry Holmes Esquire, and Sir Robert Raymond Knight, to serve for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight:

That the Committee have examined the Merits of this Election:

That it was agreed by the Counsel on both Sides, That South Yarmouth is a Borough by Prescription; has, Time out of Mind, sent Members to Parliament; and that the Right of Election is in the Mayor and Burgesses.

The Poll was,

For the Sitting )Henry Holmes Esquire - - 39:

Members, jSir Robert Raymond - - 38:

For the Anthony Morgan Esquire - 20:

tioners, jSir Theodore Jan/fen - - 18.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to 27 of the Sitting Members Voters, as not qualified; Three of them, as chief Burgesses; the rest, as free Burgesses: And they produced,

Teste 18 Sept. 7 Jac. I. The Charter; which recites this to be an ancient Borough; and that the Mayor and Burgesses had, Time out of Mind, divers Privileges and Customs by Prescription, and which had been confirmed to them by several former Kings:

This Charter incorporates them by the Name of Mayor and Burgesses; and appoints a Common Council, which is to consist of Twelve chief Burgesses; and constitutes and requires, Quod major, et capitales bur-

genfes, burgi pro tempore existentes, vel major pars eorirn, whereof the Mayor to be One, shall have the Power of making By-laws: And,

The Mayor, et undecim capitales burgesses, burgi pro tempore existentes, vel major pars whereof the

Mayor to be One, are annually, upon Saint Matthews Day, to assemble in the Guildhall; and they, or the major Part of them, there then assembled, are to elect unum de Jcipsis to be Mayor, to continue in Office for One Year next ensuing, and until another is duly elected and sworn Mayor:

Which Swearing of the Mayor is required to be, upon

the Monday after Election, coram ultimo majori cessori fuo ad tunc pro tempore eristente; aut, in absentia ejufdemmqjoris, coram the Burgesses who shall be then present, or the major Part of them, for the Time being:

24 And

5 Geo. I. ti* Aprilis. 533

And, upon the Death, or Amoval, of any of the chief Burgesses, the Mayor, and the rest of the chief Burgesses, qui udtunc supervixerint, vel or the major

Part of them, are to elect other chief Burgesses Jibusburgi, in convenient time after such Death or Amoval; anti the chief Burgesses, so elected, are to be sworn coram majoriburgi prccdiRi pro tempore et

majori parti capitalium burgenfiuburgi.

It was insisted on by the Petitioners Counsel, That the Election of free Burgesses, or Burgesses at large, was entirely governed by the By-laws made pursuant to the Charter; the Charter being silent as to such free Burgesses: And,

The Petitioners Counsel, in order to disqualify upon their Objections, produced,

Dat. 21 September 1680, a By-law, signed by the Mayor, and eight chief Burgesses, assembled in Common Council, That no chief or free Burgess should be elected, or sworn, without the Mayor, and major Part, were then present of the chief Burgesses; that is to say, Six chief Burgesses, besides the Mayor; under a Penalty of Ten Pounds upon the Mayor: And,

Dat. 21 September 1698, another By-law’, signed by the Mayor, and Ten chief Burgesses, assembled in Common Council, That no chief or free Burgess shall be chosen without the Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses be present, and contenting; and, if any be chol'en by a less Number, such Election to be ipso faRo void; and the Mayor to forfeit Fifty Pounds for every such Offence.

Which By-laws were vacated, and declared void, at a Common Council holden the Fifth Day of by the Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses present: But,

The Petitioners Counsel insisted, That, until they were so repealed, these By-laws governed the Elections of the Burgesses:

And, on this Head, they objected to Colonel Henry Holmes, and William Bowrcman Esquire, That, during the time these By-laws were in force, they were elected chief Burgesses by a less Number than such By-laws made requisite.

It appeared by the Town-book, that Colonel and

Mr. Bowreman were elected chief Burgesses, as follows;

viz.

17 May 1G87, Colonel Holmes elected, and sworn, in the place of Sir Robert Dillingt deceased, by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses: And,

30 Mar. 1697, Mr. Bowrcman sworn by a Mayor, and Four chief Burgesses, whereof Colonel Holmes, before objected to, was One, in the room' of Captain William Cotton, then amoved by them. And,

Colonel William Stephens, another chief Burgess, was also objected to, for want of a sufficient Number at his Election.

It appeared by the Town-book, That, 6 1711,

he was elected and sworn, a chief Burgess, in the room of Captain William Urry, deceased, by a Mayor and Five chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel and Mr. Bozvre-

man, before objected against, were Two.

It was also objected by the Petitioners Counsel, That Twenty-three others were unduly elected free Burgesses, for want of a sufficient Number of chief Burgesses at their Elections: And,

Dat. 21 September 1670, another By-law was produced, made by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, assembled in Common Council, That, for the time to come, no chief Burgess, or Burgess at large, otherwise called free Burgess, should be made, unless the Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, be present, and give their consent, at the Election; upon Pain of Forfeiture of Ten Pound for every Burgess that shall he made contrary to this Law.

The Sitting Members Counsel insisted, That, according to the Clause in the Charter before stated, it is requisite, that in all Events, there should be present, at the making any By-law, a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses, being the Majority of the confutuent Number of the Common Council; and that, Six chief Burgesses not being present, this By-law was vqid;

Vox.. 18.

To which the Petitioners Coulifel replied, That only a South Mayor, and Majority of the <Jiief Burgesses in being, were Yarmouth necessary to the Making of By-laws: That one of the chief £lefllon* Burgesses having surrendered his Office, and another being dead, at this time, this By-law*, made by the Mayor and major Part of the chief Burgesses then in being, was well warranted by the Power in the Charter.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the By-law, made the Twenty-first of September 1670, by the Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, being the major Part of the chief Burgesses then existing, for electing free Burgesses by the Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, was a good By-law.

The Twenty-three free Burgesses, objected to by the Petitioners Counsel for want of a sufficient Number of chief Burgesses at their Elections, appear, by the Town-books, to have been elected, and sworn, free Burgesses by the Mayor, and chief Burgesses, at several Assemblies, as follows; viz.

1 Feb. 167J-, Benjamin Williams, by a Mayor, and Four chief Burgesses:

21 OR. 1684, Timothy Heath, by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses:

19 September 1694, Sir Robert Smith, by a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes, before objected to, was One:

30 Mar. 1697, Thomas Urry junior, by a Mayor, and Four chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes w as One:

25 September 1710, Captain John Robert

ter, Rori Morrison, Benjamin Miller, John Becre, Robert

Martell, John Birket, and Jonathan Warr, by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes and Mr. Bowreman, before objected against, were Tw o.

9 October 1710, David Urry, of Act on, and James Goodman, by a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes and Mr. Bowreman were Two:

6 October 1711, John Crosby, by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes and Mr. Bowrcman were Two.

27 September 1714, John Scott Clerk, Nicholas Clegg,

' Edward Kebblewhite, David Worjeley, Bloom,

Stephen Sheckler, William Coleman, and Henry W by a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes, Colonel Bowreman, and Colonel William Stephens, before objected against, were Three.

Nicholas D'Pine was objected to, as receiving publick. Charity; but it was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel,

That One of their Voters was in the same Cafe: And. they farther alleged.

That Colonel Thomas Urry for the Petitioners, and Colonel David Urry for the Sitting Members, were equally bad Votes; both their Elections being void.

All the Twenty-six Persons before objected to voted for the Sitting Members; except Benjamin Williams, who gave One Vote for Colonel Holmes, and the other for Colonel Morgan.

That, in Answer to what had been offered, the Sitting Members Counsel insisted,

That the Objections made to the chief Burgesses and free Burgesses before named were not sufficient to make void either the Offices of such chief Burgesses, or their Votes, or the Votes of the free Burgesses elected under them:

And they argued, That the Common Council could not, as they had done by the By-laws of 1670, 1680, and 1698, appoint the Power of Election of chief Burgesses to be executed by a greater Number than the Charter required, which is a Mayor, and the rest of the surviving chief Burgesses, or the major Part of them:

That Colonel Holmes was elected a chief Burgess, when Sir Robert Dillington and Captain Roche, Two of the chief Burgesses, were dead; and that he, being elected by a Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, was elected according to the Charter:

6 U / That

South

Yarmouth

Election.

534 110 Aprilis.

That Colonel Hbknes, and the other Two chief Burgesses objected to, had many Years continued in Office; and all along acted and voted without Interruption or Objection: That Colonel j Bowreman, another of the Three,

has, in 1698, unanimously elected Mayor by a Mayor, and Ten chief Burgesses, the whole Number then in being; who, by this Choice, took him to be a good chief Burgess, by choosing him Mayor, as the Charter requires him to be umm de Jeipjis: That Colonel Holmes had been also Mayor; and both acted in their several Mayoralties without any Objection; which Facts were admitted by the Petitioners Counsel:

That if the Offices of the Three chief Burgesses objected to thou Id be avoided; yet, as free Burgesses, they liad a Right of voting:

That, supposing the y were not originally well elected chief Burgesses, yet, having so many Years acted as such without Interruption, they were at lead to be looked upon as chief Burgesses de facto;and, as such, their Acts would be good till their Offices should be avoided; consequently, that the free Burgesses, who were elected by the Mayor, and chief Burgesses, when these chief Burgesses made the Quorum, were well elected: And farther, as to the free Burgesses, that the By-laws of 1670, and 1680, did not declare the Elections of free Burgesses, made contrary thereto, to be void; but only laid a Penalty upon the Mayor in Cafes of such Elections.

The Sitting Members Counsel also infilled, and it was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel, That, anciently, before the making any of theft By-laws, the Elections of free Burgesses were by a leis Number than any of those By-laws make requisite; and that several of the chief Burgesses, who voted for the Petitioners, joined, in 1706, in the Repeal of the By-law’s of 1680, and 1698. And,

The Sitting Members Counsel produced Instances, in the Years 1672, 1673, and 1674, of Elections both of chief Burgesses and free Burgesses, contrary to the Bylaws then in being: One Instance, by a Mayor and Twq chief Burgesses; another, by a Mayor, and One chief Burgess; and another, by a Mayor, and Four chief Burgesses: From whence they inferred, That the By-laws did not, in the Opinion of the Burgesses, vitiate any Election; and that the an ient Usage in the Borough, to which these Instances were agreeable, justilied the Elections of the Burgesses objected to:

They also ffiewed, by the Town-books, That Five of the Petitioners Voters were elected, w hen Colonel Holmes, who was objected to, made up the Quorum of chief Bur-

fesses; and that, in 1671, a Deputy Mayor, with only

"our chief Burgesses, elected the succeeding Mayor; whereas there is no Power in the Charter to appoint a Deputy Mayor: Which Facts were admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and were offered by the Sitting Members Counsel, not to avoid such Elections of Burgesses, but to shew, that, if the Petitioners Objections prevailed, all the Acts done in this Corporation, for many Years past, would be void; and the Corporation might be found to be dissolved, for want of a due Succession of Mayors and Burgesses: And,

They shewed, by the Town-book, That Eight of the free Burgesses, before objected to by the Petitioners Counsel; viz. Captain John Wood, and the Seven others elected with him the.23th of September 1710; were confirmed and allowed the 9th o (.Octoberfollowing, at a Common Council holden by a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes, before objected to, was One:

And that Thomas Sanders and Jonathan Combes, Two of the Petitioners Voters, were, on the 16th of October 1693, elected chief Burgesses by a Mayor, and Six chief Burgesses; whereof Colonel Holmes was One; and if he was not good, as was urged for the Petitioners, there was hot a Quorum, according to the By-law of 1680; which was then in being, and required Six chief Burgesses, bc-fides the Mayor, to be present.

.The Petitioners Counsel urged what they had before) jnfifted on, against the Qualifications of the Sitting Members Voters, as elected contrary to the Charter, and

A. 1717-

By-laws; and added, by way of Reply, That although the Corporation could not enlarge the Power given them by Charter, relating to their Election of Burgesses: yet they might abridge such Power, and restraiu it to a lets Number than the Charter had appointed; and therefore the By-laws, relating to the Elections of such Burgesses, were well-grounded:

And, as to their being Officers de faBo, that, notwithstanding their long Pofiession, their Titles to such Offices were yet questionable, and could not be supported by Pofiession, if void in the Original, as in this same; and that, although feme Corporate Acts done by Common Council-men de facto, such as making Leases or Sales for valuable Considerations, would be always good; yet, if the Elections of such Common Councilmen were void, all Elections depending thereon were lb too.

And that upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Holmes Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Robert Raymond Knight is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Anthony Morgan Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Theodore Janjfen Knight is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said lleiblution, That the By-law, made the Twenty-first of September 1670, by the Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight, being the major Part of the chief Burgesses then existing, for electing free Burgesses by the Mayor, and Five chief Burgesses, was a good By-law;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

13<I-

too.

J Lord Porolett, j Mr. Cater:

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Henry Holmes Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

135*

93-

Telle, for, he Yeas^rf-<',

Tellers for the Noes,! ^vlhoZlsCrofe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of; by rafing out the Names of Henry Holmes Esquire, and Sir Robert Raymond Knight, and inserting the Names of Anthony Morgan Esquire, and Sir Theodore Janjfen Knight.

Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Wells, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon;

which

Well*

Elc&ion

3 Geo. I. ii9 — i

which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Horner Esquire to serve for the City of Wells:

That the Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Mailers, and Burgesses.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled. It was necessary they should be sworn Burgesses; which was denied by the Petitioner’s Counsel; who insisted, That Wells is a Corporation by Prescription; and that all Perl’ons entitled to Burgessship, and duly claiming the fame, have a Right to vote.

The Poll was,

For the Sitting Member - - 221.

For the Petitioner - - - 95.

The Petitioner’s Counsel objected to 189 of the Sitting Member’s Voters; viz. 187 as not qualified, and Two for receiving Alms. And they called,

Robert Thomas and James York: Who laid, They had searched the Town-books, wherein the Burgesses Names are entered: That 182 of the Persons objected to are not entered in those Books; and that Two others live in an Alms-house, and pay no Rent:

Richard Thomas named Five others, who, he liiid, are only honorary Burgesses; had no Title to Burgessship antecedent to their Admission; and are not resident; though they had served in Parliament for this City, and had before voted in Elections; but w’ere always objected to.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged. They should make good their Majority against the Petitioner; but produced no Evidence to this Point. They objected Bribery to the Petitioner; and called, John Ganfeild: Who said, He had two Crowns for his Vote for the Petitioner; and was promised more, but never had it; and that, upon the Election-day, Humphry Cordwent, who asked Votes for the Petitioner, and is One of his Voters, told the Witness in the Hall, That he had more Money, (and named Ten or Eleven Guineas) to dispose of to get Votes for the Petitioner.

Thomas Bartlet said, Timothy Oxley gave him Three Guineas to vote for the Petitioner.

Being cross-examined, he said, He had never denied to Robert Thomas, John Read, or James , his having

received any Money for his Vote for the Petitioner: But, -

Robert Thomas, John Read, and James being called on the Petitioner's Part, they averred, That this Bartlet was asked by Thomas and Read, what he had for his Vote for the Petitioner; and that he solemnly denied he ever had any thing; and swore to it; but owned, he had borrowed Three Guineas of O.rley, and had given his Note for it; and Harvey added, That Ganfeild had averred to him solemnly, That, as he hoped for Salvation, he never received a Farthing of any Body for his Vote.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Homer Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen

to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Dodd Esquire, is duly eleCled a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Wells.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Grown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of {Veils, by rating out the Name of Thomas Horner Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Dodd Esquire, instead thereof.

Steyning Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the

£l«&ion. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Vo JL. 18.

2° Jprilis. 535

appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of and the Resolutions

of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Wallis Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Robert Leeves Esquire to serve for the Borough of in the County of Suffer:

That the Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Poll was,

For the Sitting Member - - 62.

For the Petitioner - - - - 39.

It was proved, That Thirty-four of the Sitting Member’s Voters received Bribes for their Votes from the Sitting Member a few Days before the Election; some had Five Pounds, and others Four Guineas a piece, and that several Hogs, and some Corn, were diliributed to them by the Sitting Member’s Order.

Robert Hanfonsaid, That the Sitting Member threat-

ened to make him run his Country, if he came up to give Evidence against him.

That nobody appeared to defend the Sitting Member’s Election: And thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert 1Jeeves Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suffer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William /Tallis Esquire, is duly eleCled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suffer, by rafing out the Name of Robert Leeves Esquire, and inserting the Name of William Wallis Esquire, in Head thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V meris, 12° diesiprilis;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P r a v f. r s.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended South

the Returns for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Yarmouth,

I lie of /Tight-, and for the City of Hells; and for the &c-Ret'irnli Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suffer.

A Bill to enable John Barrington, alias Shute, Esquire, Slmte’s and his Ifl’ue Male, to change their Surname to Barring- N.ua*. ton, according to the Settlement-of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commitled to Mr. Nevill,

Mr. Haldane, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Morton, Mr. Wyld,

Sir Isaac Rebow, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Strickland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Benfbn, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

London, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Dairies, Mr. Mr.

Boteler, Mr. Tuffncl, Lord Milton, Mr. Earl, Mr. Hollywood, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Bell, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Cunningham,

Sir Edward Ernie, Mr. Yorlcc, Mr. White, Mr. Jessop,

Mr. Herne, Sir Wm. Lawther, Mr. Banks, Colonel Bladen, Sir Thomas Johnson, Sir John Ward, Lord Finch,

Mr. lTutchefon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Butler, Mr. Brace,

Mr.Powlct, Mr. Pelham, Mr Bradyll, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Wm.Gordon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. RudgeSir

Lord

53<S

Lord Cajilecomer, Mr. Churchill,. Mr. Yonge, Mr. Monroe, Sir Robert Furne Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Mr. ThompfonSir Edward Sir

Hen. Houghton, Sir Richard Gough; and all that serve for the Counties of Efj'ex and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sufferers in A Petition of futidry Proprietors, and Agents for Suf-ClT o *Dh ferers, in behalf of themselves, and others, to whom De-1 1)11 ‘ bentures have beea made out for Losses sustained by the French Invasion on the Islands of Nevis and Saint

tophers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were provided for by an Act passed Anno 1712; whereby they were enabled to subscribe their Debentures to the Sea Company; but the Directors, who were Commissioners for taking Subscriptions to the said Company, upon the Pretence that the Debentures were not particularly mentioned in the Computation of Debts provided for by the said Act, did refute to admit the Petitioners to subscribe the fame; whereupon the Petitioners applied to her late Majesty, who was pleased to issue out her commission, under the Great Seal, directing and authorizing the said Commissioners to admit the said Debentures to be subscribed into the Capital Stock of the said Company; but, to the Petitioners great Detriment, no Provision hath been made either for paying the Principal, or Interest, due to the Petitioners: And praying Relief for the Payment of this their Parliamentary Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ceded Land* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

in St. Chris- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-topbtrs. tions, That an Account be laid before this House, of the efthnated Value of the Land in the Island of Saint Christopher's, yielded by France to Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht; together with the Survey of the same; anti all Representations, Memorials, and Papers, made frnce the said Treaty, relating to that Island.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-Malt Duties! night, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted tire House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

x Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfprilis. A. 1717-

*Sabbat j> 13* die A j

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Micklethwait reported from the Committee, td Highgat*.

whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from &c> Roaj4-the Stones End at Goswell-street, in the Parish of Saint Gyles's, fripplegate; from the Stones End at Saint John's-street, in the Parish of St. James, Clerkenwell; from the Stones End-at Gray's-inn-lane, in the Parish of Saint

Andrew's, Holborn; and from the Stones End at Saint Gyle's Pound, in the Parish of Saint Pancrafsi in the County of Middlesex; to Highgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of Homfey, in the said County; was committed;

That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, upon the Death or Removal of any of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, 10° Anna Regina, for repairing the Highways between Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hertford, since the Commencement of that Act, the surviving Trustees may elect hew ones, refid ing in Middlesex or Hertford, to l'upply the room of such as are dead, or removed:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question . put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom Kenfingtaa the Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of Hoad*, the Peace, of the County of Middlesex, and other Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the said County, living in or near the several Towns and Parishes lying in the Highways leading from the Town of Kensington, in the said County, towards Colnebrooke and Staines;and also of several G rafters, Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers,

Waggoners, Higlers, and others, who frequent and pass the said Highways; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition; and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the Twenty-ninth of March last, have exa- . mined the Matter of the said Petition; and find, upon Examination of several Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Surveyors of the Highways, of the several Parishes in which the Roads aforesaid lie; and several other Persons; viz. Justice Box, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hinton, Mr. Kent, of Hammerfinith;Mr. Tickner, oiChifiv Justice Fenner,

Mr. Mun, Mr. Monday, of Ealing, and Old and Neto Brentford; Justice Gumley, Mr. Hawley, Captain Gardner, of Ifsleworth; Mr. Jack pm, Mr. Dean, of Heston

That the said Roads are, as far as the Extents of Heston a Parish, in the said County, so extremely bad, that many Parts thereof have several Holes therein, and are very dangerous to Passengers:

That many Waggons and Coaches have been stuck, and several overturned, in the said Roads; and several Passengers on Horseback thrown off their Horses, by the Badnels of the Roads; by which great Milchiets have been done;

That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the

Uxbridge

5 Geo. I.

I.rave of Abfciice.

Nujtnt’s

bkalc.

Uxbridge Road, several of the Paiilhes, wherein tins Road lies, are obliged to perform Half their Statute-work in the Road leading to Uxbridge; and that, since the erecting of a Turnpike on that Road, many Cattle, and Waggons, and other Carriages, heavy loaden, have come into this Road, to avoid paying the Toll at the Turnpike on Uxbridge Road; which has made the Road about J’mith much worth than formerly:

That several Drains, that tliould carry off the Water, have been a long time Hopped, and lott, by Houses being built thereon: and the same cannot be opened, without a very great Expence:

That the Inhabitants offome of the Parishes are obliged to fend Four Miles for Stones and Gravel, to amend the Highways: That the several Parishes in which this Road lies, have constantly done their Statute-work; notwithstanding which, by reason of the Greatness of the Road, many heavy Carriages that pass and repals the said Roads, the same are lb bad, and so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the Diws now in Force, be effectually amended by the several Parishes, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament:

That the Justices of Peace, living in or near the said Road, acquainted the Committee, That, in regard the Roads were so very ruinous, they had looked into the Accounts of the several Surveyors of the Highways; and, having examined the same very narrowly, found, that they had done their Duty, according to the Laws relating to the Highways; and that the Rates had been equally laid, and duly collected, except from same poor People; who, by reaibn of their Poverty, were not able to pay their Rates:

That the Accounts of the several Surveyors of all the said Parishes, except that for the Parish of Thistleworth, were laid before the Committee; and the same appeared to be allowed by the Vestries of the several Parishes; and also to be passed upon Oath, before the Justices of Peace, at their Sessions; and they had signed the fame, as their Approbation thereof.

That, upon the Examination of the whole Matter, it fully appeared to the Committee, That the Highways between Counter-bridge, in the Parish of Kensington, and the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines and Jbrdbridge, in the Parish of H, in the Road to brocke, are in so ruiuous a Condition, that the same are dangt rous to all Travellers passing through the said Roads; and that the same cannot be put into good Repair, and fb kept, w ithout some Law for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for repairing the Highways from Coin the Parish

of Keifington, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to;

ami to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to And

«that Mr. Morice, Lord William Powlelt, Mr. Yonge, Sir William Pole, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bertie, and Mr.

J'un, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord James Cavendish have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Susanna Catharina Nugent was presented

to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is the cldcft Daughter of Sir Tristram in the

Kingdom of Ireland, Baronet, deceased, of an ancient Protestant Family: The Petitioner’s Mother and Guardian, Dame Niehola Sophia Berisford married the Petitioner, then but Fourteen Years old, to Richard Nugent, Son and Heir apparent of the honourable Thomas Nugent El’quire; w ho, being at that time a Protestant, apd his Father a Papil't, was intituled, by the Law s of Ireland, to a present Maintenance out of his Father’s Estate, and to the Estate itself, in Remainder, after his Father’s Deaih: That, not long after the Petitioner’s said Marriage, her said Husband, being seduced by his Father, and other Popish Relations, returned back to Popery, and went into the French King’s Service; and it is discovered, that the said Hyacinthus Nugent, was outlawed in Ireland, when he was but Thirteen Years old, for Rebellion against their Yo l. 18.

late Majesties King William and Queen Mary: The said Thomas Nugent is dead; and hath lo settled his Estate, that the Petitioner neither has got, nor can get, any Maintenance out of it, by reason of her Coverture, and the said Attainder of her Husband; is disabled to lue for, or recover, her said Portion: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her to sue for, and recover, her Portion left her by her Father, notwithstatlding her Coverture, or the Attainder of her Husband.

Whereupon Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the House, That the Petitioner’s same had been humbly represented to his Majesty; and, as to any Interest he may have in the said Portion, by the Attainder of the said Hyacinthus Nugent, his Majesty is willing the Petitioner may be relieved in w hat flic desires.

Ordered, That’ Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Molesworth, and Mr. Jejjbp, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jessop presented to die House, according to Order, Earl of a Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Ranelagh’j Chelsea and Crunborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Estate-Berks, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

It being taken Notice of, that several Strangers were in Orders the House; the Orders of the House were read against Strangers coming in, or being brought, into the House; trttD8ers* and for the Serjeant at Arms taking them into Custody:

And the House was thereupon cleared of all Strangers.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply, Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge, or Apprehensions from the Designs of Sweden, for the future.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and Ammon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

The Serjeant went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Refelution was read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolulion, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert such Measures with foreign Princes and States, as may prevent any Charge or Apprehcn- v lions from the Designs of Sweden, for the future;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasj J; } '53

Telle, for, heK

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Exporting

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Irish Lin*n. House, upon the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Regiftenng ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole PaPifts House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act, passed the

C X ‘ last

L

Rotbcrliith

Church.

Newoort

.Writ

Trc^ony

Writ.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

.Sheriffs

l’atcii S>

Stealing

Cattle.

AnJWer

to Address.

Peace of the

H^hUuiis

538

130 — 15° — 16° Aprilis.

A. 1717.

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Pa pi Its to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lumey 150 d Aprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Ileftor and Parishion* ers of the Parish of Saint Maty in the County of Surry, to make Rates, and levy Money, within the said Parish, for iinifliing the said Parish Church: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

' Anthony Morgan Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Me of Wightand also for the Borough of Newport, in the same Me; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflne his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Bnrgels to serve irr this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newport, in the room of the said Mr. Morgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for ttie Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cor meal, in the room of James Craggs junior, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more eafyfpitfling Sheriffs Accounts: And that Mr. Jtfp>p, Mr. White, Mr. Gregory, and Mr. Banks, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Ilouie an Account of the Charges of suing out the Patents of the several Sheriffs of England and Wales.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lade, Mr. Smith, Mr. England, Mr. Law liter, Mr. Heme, Mr. Franan, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Booth, Mr. Osley, Mr. Barrington, Sir Ddines, Mr. Mor-

ton, Sir Arthur Ovsen, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gregory, Mr. White, Lord Wm. Pmlett, Mr. Banks, Sir ther, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Air.

Mr. Ilcath, Sir Richard FariAir. Norris, Mr. Peirfe, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Hedworth, Lord -comer. Sir Wm.Pole, Mr. London, Mr. Broderick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope acquainted the Uoufe, That their Address, of the Twelfth Instant, That the Account, Survey, and Representation, relating to the Mand of Saint Christopher s, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pltufed to give Directions, That they be laid before this House accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Stanhope also acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been plealed, pursuant to their Address of the Third Instant, to direct him to lay before the House the Report of the Conmiissioners a pointed by his Majesty, pursuant to the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland:

And he presented the lame, with the several Papers thereto belonging, to the House, accordingly:

And the Titles of the said Report and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Report and Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carmarthea the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for 'Vrit*

the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Powlet Esquire, commonly called "Lord Marquis of Winchester, called up to the House of Peers.

I.rave at Absence.

Ordered, That John Weaver Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Alonth, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That John Barlow Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The Ilcufc, according to Order, resolved itself into a Registerin* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates; and for inlarging the Time for such Registering.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, That they had made fume Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock,

Mart is, 16° die Aprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

S)R D E RE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Bridport to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for " nU the electing a Bnrgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borousih of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the room of William Coventry Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Arundel the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 'Vrit-the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundel in the County of Sussex, in the room of Thomas Micklethwait Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for th# Writ, electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berxcick, in the room of George Baillie Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

The House lieing informed, That Mr. Martin, speftor General of the Customs, attended;

In-

He

Jonties on Linen iin-poi ted.

Commissioners for Army Debts.

Cockerrr.outh

Writ.

Southampton

Writ

Lrnminfrer

Election.

Wear

i^ution.

Kensington

Itoads.

L

3 Geo. X.

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, their Return to the Order of this House, of the Ninth Instaut; with an Account lliewing the Quantities and Duties of Linen imported from the Isle of Man to England-, what has-been drawn back at Exportation, and the Produce remaining 5 between Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen, and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

And then he w ithdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

53 9

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Molesworthpresented to the House, accord- Nugent's

ing to Order, a Bill to enable SusannaCatherine Nugent to sue for, recover, and hold, the Portion of Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father’s Estate, notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry of her Husband Hyacinthus Nugent Esquire: And the fame was received; and read the First time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Leave of That Sir Nicholas Morice Baronet have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

16° Jprilis. — 6° Mail

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the clef-ting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cochermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the Right honourable James Stanhope Esquire; who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room

of John HallopLfquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majestys Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Call of the House, which was ap- Call of the pointed to be upon Thursday the Second Day of May next, House.

be adjourned until Wednesday the Eighth Day of May next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Dover Writ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Com-baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room of Matthew Aylmer Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his. Warrant to the Stafford Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the 'Vnt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, in the room of William Chetwynd Esquire; who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Malmsbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the WnU electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of in

the room of Joseph Addison Esquire; who, since his Flec-

tion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee of Pririhgcs and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, who have

a R'ght of voting for, and electing, Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return of George Casu'all Esquire to serve for the said Borough, at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Richard Gorges Esquire, complaining of the said Election and Return.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of Henry Gorges Esquire, complaining of the said Election, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Haddingtda Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ* eleCiing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Haddington, in the room of John Cockburne, of Ormistouns, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That it being Adjournment, his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament should be adjourned until Monday the Sixth Day of May next, his Majesty desires, That this House will adjourn itself until Monday the Sixth Day of May next

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and the Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, be read the Third time on the Seventh Day of May next: And that the Petitioners against the said Bill be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, if they think fit; and that Counsel be then also allowed to be heard for the said Bill.

Mr. Morice presented to the IJoufe, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters -bridge, which lies in the Parish of

in the County o i Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the

Road to Staines;and to Crafford-bridge, in the Road

to Colnebrooke, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Vol. 18.

And then the House, accordingly, adjourned till Monday the Sixth Day of May next, Nine of the Clock.

LuntCy 6° dieMaii;

Anno 3* CJcorgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members, returned upon new Writs, Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- take Oaths, ration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the gt F.dmun,}* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ^ury Writ,

540 6* . A. 1717.

electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Edmunds in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Porter Esquire,

deceased.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

and Means. }ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisiag the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will; upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve kself iato a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Malt puties. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Registering Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Papdis ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

tutes. House, to consider further of the Bill for explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige PapHts to reg'rfter their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering.

Exporting Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-riib uens. nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irijk Linen Cloth into the British Plantations.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Corporation of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Privileges granted to the Trish in the Linen-trade, by a free Exportation to the Plantations, the several Makers and Manufacturers of Linens of this Corporation, and Parts adjoining, have found

Seat Discouragements in their Manufactures, to the great ecay of many Hundred Families, being forced to use great Quantities of Ir\JhLinen Yarn, which pays a Duty upon its Importation into Great Britain; and, when manufactured here, has no Drawback allowed upon its being exported: That, unless some Provision be made, whereby the Trade of Ireland may be kept on an equal Foot with the Mauufeftures of Great Britain, they, in time, will gain the wholePlantation trade: And praying, That the Irish Linen-trade may be upon the same Foundation as formerly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom die Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth into the British Plantations is committed.

Kensington A Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of - Roads. Counters-bridge which lies in the ParHli of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road

to Staines; and to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to brooke, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morice, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Smithson, Lord Wm.P owlet, Mr. Guidot, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr.

Methuen, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Sir Thomas

Johnson, Sir Wm. Dames, Sir Strickland, Mr.

ley, Sir Edxcard Stradling, Mr. Ward, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. F.dgcombe, Kir.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Cadogan, Mr, London, Mr. Pitt, Sir John I Card, Mr Sir Thomas CrqJJ'e,

Mr. Freman. Mr. Lcnvther, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm* John- sion. Lord Pagett, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plamptree, Sir Rickat'd Farington, Mr. Inge, Mr. Far-rer; and all that serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Bucks, Surrey,

Southampton, Somerset, Dorset, Devon, CormcaU, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Sale of the late Earl of s Estate at Furl

Chelsea and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Lft»te 8 Berks, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Jltsohcd, That the Bill be committed to Lord -worth, Mr. Jessop, Mr Smith, Mr. Mr. Shep-

heard, Mr. Harnage, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Haldane, Mr.

Gage, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Aislabie, Lord Wm. PowMr.

Mr. Wallis, Lord Shannon, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Fow-

ler, Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Travers, Mr. Nor/'is, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Wm.Daines, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Mr. Guidot, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lowther, Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Sloper, Sir Cope, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Gxoynti, Sir Hungerford Hoslcyns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein Commission-mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, exa- ers for mine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to Debt* enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to impower the said Commissioners to hear and determine, all Accounts relating to the Army between Officer and Officer, and Officers and Agents and Soldiers; and that the Determination of the Commissioners be final; and to discharge any Court of Justice from hearing or determining such Accounts.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Committee*. That all Committees be revived:

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, ^leirage to Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: attend the

Mr. Speaker, King.

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended The Kings his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty Speech ° wag pleased to declare, That he had directed the Lord rejporud. Chancellor to acquaint both Houses of Parliament with the Reasons of his meeting his Parliament at this time, as they were contained in a Speech, which his Majesty was pleased to deliver, from the Throne, into the Lord Chancellor’s Hands , who read the same to both Houses; and of which, to prevent any Mistake, Mr. Speaker laid, he had obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followed); viz.

9

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IT is with great Satisfaction, that, after this short Reeds, I can acquaint you with the certain Advice I have received, that my Fleet is lately arrived in the Sound; which, by the Blessing of Almighty God, will secure these Kingdoms against any immediate Danger of an Invasion.

I have by this means an Opportunity, which is very acceptable to me, of making a considerable Reduction in our Land Forces; having established it as a Rule with myself, to consult the F.afe of my People in every thing, lb far as is consistent with their Safety: And, for my own Part, as I shall always place my Greatness in the Prolperity of my Subjects, so I shall always desire, that my Power may be founded in their Aflfeftions.

It is upon these Considerations that I have given Orders for the immediate Reducing of Ten thousand Men.

18 That

3 Geo. 1.

6'° — f Mwk

Address on the Kind's

Speech.

Supply Bill; Duties on

Houfo.

That nothing may be wanting in me to quiet the Minds of all my Subjects, I have like wife given Directions to prepare an Act of Grace; and, however it may be received by those who are obstinately bent on the Ruin of their Country, I promise myself, that it will raise a due Sense of Gratitude in all such as have been artfully mifled into treasonable Practices against my Person and Government, and preserve them from Handing in need of the like Mercy for the future, when such an I nftance of Clemency may not be lb expedient for the publick Welfare, as it would be agreeable to my own Inclinations.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for your Readinels to suppott me in the present Juncture of Affairs; and for the Supplies which you have given; and do promise you, that they iha.ll be employed for the Uses for which you deligned them.

I shall order such faithful Accounts to be laid before you the next Session, as will make it appear, there was no other View in asking any particular Supply, than to prevent a much greater Expence, which the Nation must have unavoidably incurred without it.

I mult recommend to you, as I did at the Beginning of the Session, to take all proper Methods for reducing the publick Debts, with a just regard to Parliamentary Credit.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Year being so far advanced, I hope you’ll go through the publick Business with all possible Dispatch and Unanimity; it being my Intention to meet you early the next Winter, that the Sitting of Parliament may be brought into the more usual and convenient Season.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address

be presented to his Majesty, returning the humble Thanks of this House, in the most dutiful and affectionate manner, for his many gracious Declarations in his Speech from the Throne: That the Directions his Majesty has been pleafrd to give for reducing such a Body of Land Forces is the most acceptable Pledge he could give his People of his Tender-ness for them; and is such an Instance of his Wisdom and Goodness, as must for ever endear him to all his Subjects: That his gracious Intentions of Mercy give great Satisfaction to this House, as being highly conducive to the Tranquillity of the Kingdom: That this House has a grateful Sense of his Majesty’s gracious Intentions to lay before them an Account of die Application of the Supplies granted by the Commons: That this House will carry on the great and necessary Work of reducing the publick Debts, with a just regard to Parliamentary Credit; and are resolved, by the Unanimity of their Proceedings, to convince the World, that they are inviolably engaged in Duty and Affection to his Majesty’s Person and Government, on the Support of which the Welfare of these Kingdoms, under God, intirely depends.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Walpole, Sir Tho. masHanmer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Ai/labie, Sir John Norris, Mr. Mo-

rice, Colonel Bladen, Lord Shannon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Secretary Addison, Mr. Baillie, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Micklcthwaite, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Coventry, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. London, Mr. Freman, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Lord

Castlecomer, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

ville, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Moly Mr. Mr.

Wrightson, Mr. Cater: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a lesser Incumbrance; and for redeeming so much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Vo l. 18.

Committee of Privileges.

Kenfuigtoo, &c- Roads'.

54*

Charge to the Publick, purfhftnt to feverkl Powerfe of Redemption contained ih ferriwer A fits of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments but of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fririd; be read a Sebond time upon Tb-morrow Sevtetfriight.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-triorroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, y° Maii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of several Grafters, Drovefs, Farmers, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, frequenting the Highways leading from to Kenjingtm,

whose Names are subscribed, against the Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters-bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of

sex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to Colnebrooke, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the several Towqe and Parishes, within which the said Highways d» lie, arid which do contribute to the Repairs thereof, have, for some Years last past, not repaired the said Highways, according to the Laws now in Force; but suffered them to become ruinous; with a Design to exempt themselves, and lay the Burthen and Charge upon the Petitioners, and others, which travel the said Roads: And praying, That they may have Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order being read, for reading the ingrossed Bill for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear,. and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, the Third time; and for hearing Counsel against, and for, the said Bill;

The Counsel were called in;

And the Bill was read the Third time:

And the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor People inhabiting in and about the said Town, against the said Bill, was again read: After which the Counsel against, and for, the Bill, were heard; and some Witnesses were examined on the Part of the Petitioners.

And then the Counsel withdrew’.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Dur/umi.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee, to whom Address on it was referred to draw’ up an Address, to be presented to the King’s his Majesty, upon the Resolution of the House Yester- t>Peech' day, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the said, Address in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjefils, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, crave Leave to approach your Sacred Person with Hearts

6 Y foil

Wear

Navigation.

L

Cod mil ties.

54a

8° Mali.

1717.

full of Gratitude to your Majesty for the many gracious Declarations you have been pleased to make to us from the Throne.

Our Duty to your Majesty, and our Concern for the Security of your Kingdoms, at a time, when the Nation was threatened with a desperate Invasion, obliged us to make Provision for keeping up such a Body of Land Forces, as might shew that we were in a Posture of Defence; but your Majesty having Grounds to hope, on the Arrival of your Fleet in the Sound, that, by the Blessing of God, a Check will be put to that Design, we must for ever acknowlege, that the early Directions you have been pleased to give for reducing such a Body of those Land Forces is the most acceptable Pledge you could give your People for your Tendernels for them; and that your Majesty has nothing lb much at Heart as their present and future Welfare; and is such an Instance of your great Wisdom and Goodueis, as must for ever endear your Majesty to all your Subjects.

We are bound to express our just Satisfaction in your gracious Intentions of Mercy, as being highly conducive to the Tranquillity of the Kingdom, and a convincing Proof of your Majesty’s Desire to reign in the Affections of all your Subjects.

We have so often experienced the happy Effects of the Confidence we have repoled in your Majesty, that we can never entertain any Doubt of the due Application of any Supplies granted by us; and do receive, in the most dutiful and affectionate manner, your Majesty’s Promise to lay the Accounts of such Application before us, as a great Instance of your Justice to the Nation.

We are truly sensible how much the Eale and Prospe-rity of your Subjects depend on the accomplishine that great and necessary Work of reducing the publick Debts; and are resolved to carry it on in the most effectual manner, with just regard to Parliamentary Credit.

We are likewise resolved, by the Dispatch and Unanimity of our Proceedings, to convince the World, that we are inviolably engaged m Duty and Affection to your uieft Sacred Per Ion and Government; on the Support of which the Welfare and Happiness of these Kingdoms, under God, intirely depend.

The said Address being read a Second time-;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, attbe F.nd of the Second Paragraph, these Words; viz. " And your loyal Commons have no Doubt but " your Majesty will be graciously pleased to make a fur-M ther Reduction of the Army, and to continue only such " a Number of Forces as hath been ul'ually thought, in " a time of Peace, to be sufficient for the Security of " this Kingdom

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the said Paragraph;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for Ibe Yea,. ] 80.

Telle* for the Noes. { - 1!88-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do attend his Majesty, humbly to know when his Majesty will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 6

A.

Mercuriiy 8* die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Two of the Six Sheriffs Clerks in Chancery attended at the Door; Paunts.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, an Account of the Charge taken and received in the Court of Chancery, on account of suing out the Patents of the several Sheriffs of England and Wales that are sued out there.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

THE Charge taken and received in the Court of Chancery, on account of suing out the Patents of the several Sheriffs of England and Wales that are sued out there, for each: The particulars are as followeth; viz.

To the King’s Duty for Stamps - 12 6-

To the Serjeant Trumpeter - - 3-----

To the Master of the Rolls - - - — 8 8

Signing the Docquet - - - — 4 —

Hanaper Fee - - - — 15 —

The Six Clerks Fee on the Patent, Writ! of Assistance, Writ of Discharge, and > 1 7 —

dimus potestatem -J

For ingrossing the Patent, Writ of Af- n fiftance. Writ of Discharge, Dedimus po- J testatem, the Three Oaths, the Docquet, 1 14 4 Parchment, and attending the sealing the I Patent - - - - J

The Recognizance and Duty on a Patent, more - - - j

B. Herne,

Wm.Heysham.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from the Highgat*. Stones End at Goswell-street, in the Parish of St. Gyles, &c*

Cripplegate; from the Stones End at St. in

the Parish of St. James, Clerkenwell; from the Stones End at Gray's-inn-lane, in the Parish of St.

Holborn; and from the Stones End oxSaint Gyles's Pound, in the Parish of St.Pancras, in the county of;

to Highgate Gatehouse, in the Parish of Hornsey, in the said County; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. L. by leaving out " First," and to insert " Fourand-twentieth," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Highways from several Places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex: and for electing Trustees for keeping up a sufficient Number for the repairing the Highways upon the Roads from Highgate Gatehouse to Barnet tilockhouse; and also the Highways between Kilburn-bridge and Sparrowes-hern, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Micklethwait do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he hav- King aping waited upon his Majesty, humbly to know his Plea- points to b* fore when he would be attended by this House; his Ma- at*nd«d. jesty has been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint James's.

The Lord Castlecomer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Barrington, alias Shute, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Bar-22 rington,

Shute’*

Name*

3 Geo. I. 8° — 9

C

rington Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Dutch Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Troops. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, That an Account may be laid before this House of the Disposition of the Money given for the Payment of the Six thousand Dutch Troops taken into his Majesty s Service during the late Rebellion; with the Charge of the Transportation of the said Troops forwards and backwards; distinguishing each Particular under its respective Head.

Army Extras Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to in Scotland, his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, That an Account may be laid before this House of the Distribution of the Extraordinaries and Contingencies issued out for Services performed in North Britain during the late Rebellion.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

LeominlUr The House being acquainted, That George Election. Esquire, Sitting Member for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, did, on the Thirteenth Day of Aprillaft, pursuant to the Resolution of this House of the Twenty-first of February last, leave with the Clerk of the House his Demand of the Qualification of Henry Gorges Esquire; who petitioned, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and that he had not delivered to the Clerk of this House any Paper of his Qualification;

The Demand of the said Qualification was read: And

also the Resolution of the House of the Twenty-first Day of February last was read:

The Journal of the Third of May 1715, in the same of Honyton, in the County of Devon, was also read:

And the Clerk, being called upon, acquainted the . House, That he had not received any Particular of Mr.

Henry Gorges's Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of the said Henry Gorges Esquire; he having neglected to deliver in his Qualification within Fifteen Days after the Demand thereof, pursuant to the said Resolution of this House.

Ditto. The House being acquainted, That George Cajivall Esquire, Sitting Member for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, did, on tire Thirteenth Day of April last, pursuant to the Resolution of this House of the Twenty-first Day of February last, leave with the Clerk of the House his Demand of the Qualification of Richard Gorges Esquire; who petitioned, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and that he had not delivered to the Clerk of this House any Paper of his Qualification;

The Demand of the said Qualification was read: And also the Resolution of the House of the Twentyfirst Day of February last was read: And the Clerk, being called upon, acquainted the House, That he had not received any Particular of Mr. Richard Gorges' Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of the said Richard Gorges Esquire; he having neglected to deliver in his Qualification within Fifteen Days after the Demand thereof, pursuant to the said Resolution of this House.

Vol. 18.

3 Mail. 543

A Petition of John Jones and George James, Constables Mmehea*

of the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, and of the several Voters, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Voters of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; getting forth, That the Constables of the said Borough are the Presiding and Returning Officers in all Elections of Menv-bers for tire said Borough: That, at the last Election, the Candidates were Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, James Milner, Samuel Edwin, and Thomas Gage, Esquires; and notwithstanding Bribery, Treating, and many other indirect Practices used by the said Mr. Edwin and Mr. Gage, and their Agents, to obtain Votes for them; yet the said Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Milner had a vast Majority of legal Votes; and were, by the Petitioners the Constables, declared to be duly elected: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, with the Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Joseph Brown Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the said John Jones and George James,

Constables of the said Borough of Minehead, do then attend this House, with the Sheriffs Precept, and the Returns tendered to the Sheriff, on their behalf.

Ordered, That the Under Sheriff of the County of Somerset do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the said High Sheriff of the County of Somerset do bring with him the Receipt that was taken from the Constable of the said Borough for the Precept he caused to be delivered to the said Constable.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Call of tb« Tomorrow Sevennight. House.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for and Means, railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re famed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress; and had directed him to move,

That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Matt;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

PllATERS.

A PETIT ION of several Makers and Manufacturers Exporting of Fustians, checked Linens, all Sorts of Tickings, Irish Linens, striped Hollands, Tapes, nncf Laces, within the Town of Manchester, and Places adjacent, within the County of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many thoulands of poor Families employed in the said Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; fatting forth, That, since the Irish have had large Privileges granted them in the Linen trade, by a free Exportation to the Plantations, and an ealy Import into Great Britain, the Petitioners have found great Discouragements in their several Manufactures; they being forced to use great Quantities of Irish Linen Yarn, which ..... a considerable Duty upon its Importation into Great Britain; and, if manufactured here, no Drawback can be allowed upon Exporting of any

544

9° — 10° Mfiii.

A. 1717.

of their Commodities: That, unless some Provi^oo be made, whereby the Trade o,f Ireland may be kept upon an equal Foot with the Manufactures of this Kingdom, they will, in time, rain the whole Plantation-trade: And praying, That the Irish Linen trajde may be upon the same Foundation as formerly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cohtinuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations, is committed.

HoP^ns’8 A Petition of Thomas ns Esquire, was presented

Office?*1^ or to House, and read; setting forth, That his present Majesty hath been pleased, by his Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Ireland, to grant unto the Petitioner the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of the City of Dubli. in the said Kingdom of Ireland, during the Petitioner’s natural Life: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to . ,. or more of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to the Petitioner the Oaths for the due Execution of the said Office or Offices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cholmley, and the Lord William do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Rotherhith A Bill to enable the ReClor and Parishioners of the Pa-Church. rish of Saint Mary Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, to make Rates, and levy Money, within the said Parish, for finishing the said Parish Church, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be comqiitted to Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Churchill,

Mr. Hutchejon, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Idyll, Mr. Heath, Mr. Clarke, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bland, Mr. Mr.

Desbovery, Mr. Robinson, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Tho-

mas Crosse, Mr. Foley, Mr. Broderick, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Lord Powlett, Colonel Chandler, Sir John Norris, Mr. Bradyll, Mr. Hampden, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bail lie, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Guidon, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Inge, Mr. Longue-t'ille, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Erie, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr.

Guibbon, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Lade, Sir Mr.

Morice, Sir Gilbert lleathcote, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Diston, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Jessop, Sir Wm. Sir

Bun bury, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Cox, Mr. Smithfpn, Sir Robert Fumcsse, Sir Richard Hoare, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Gould, Mr. Cater, Mr. London, Mr.

Godfrey, Mr. Hey sham; and all that serve for the Counties of Surry, Sussex, and KentAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shute’s

Name.

Answer to Address.

Registering

Papists

Narne-j.

An ingrossed Bill toenab\e John Bar alias

Esquire, and his Blue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Barrington, alias Shute Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Castlecomer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday, relating to the Account of the Payment of the Dutch Forces, and of the Distribution of the Extraordinaries and Contingencies for Services performed in North Britain, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the said Accounts before this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the Bill for explaining an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their JsTames, and real Estates; and for inlarging the Time for suchi Registering;

Rejblvecf, That this ^loqfe wifi, upon this Day Seven-night, refqlve itself into a Committ, ee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bid*

A Petition of several Grafters, Drovers, Farmers, Kenfmgto« Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, and others, fre- Road*-questing the Highways leading from Staines to Kensington, inhabiting in the County of Somerset, whose Names were thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Towns and Parishes within which the said Highways do lie, and which do contribute to the Repairs thereof' have, for some Years last past, not repaired the said Highways, according to the Laws now in force; butfuffered them to become ruinous; with a Design to exempt themselves, and lay the Burthen and Charge upon the Petitioners, and others, which travel the said lioads: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of which lies in the Parish of Kensington in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to Colnebrook, in the said County, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Grafters, Drovers, Farmers, Ditto. Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, and others, frequenting the Highways leading from Colnebrooke to Kensington, living ia or near the Devizes, and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Towns, and Parishes within which the said Highways do lie, and which do contribute to the Repairs thereof, have, for some Years last past, not repaired the said Highways, according to the Laws now in force; but suffered them to become ruinous; with a Design to exempt themselves, and lay the Burthen and Charges upon tire Petitioners, and others, which travel the said Roads: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways, from that Part of Counters-bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Crand ford-bridge, in the Road to Colnebrooke, in the said County, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 1 o° die Mail;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor confined Debtors within the Prison of Ludgate, and the Two Compters, in the City of London, as well on behalf of themselves as of all other insolvent Debtors within the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within thele Prisons are several Hundreds of Men and Women, w ho have contracted Debts, for which they are confined; and are reduced to such extreme Want and Penury, as is scarcely preferable to Death itself; and being necellit&ted to subsist on the finall Relief, and poor

Allowances

Debtors Petition.

Woollens exported to Germauy.

Expedition to Canada.

j

j

5

s

5

3 Geo. I.

Allowances of their respective Prisons, barely sufficient to keep them from Starving: That the Petitioners are ready and willing to make their Greditors the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, by delivering up their All to them: And praying Relief in the Premil'es.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this Housean Account of the Annual Value of the British Woollen Manufactures exported to Germany from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Two to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

Sir John Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and refilling in, New Fork and New England, in behalf of themselves,

and others, was referred, That they had examined the Matter of Fact; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; "and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That General Hill, Sir Hovcnden Walker, the Governors of Nexo England and New Fork, and others, had

Letters of Credit from her late Majesty Queen Anne, to furnish themselves, at Boston, in England, with

Stores of War, and Provisions, for the said Expedition; and, to enable them to procure the fame, had Instructions to draw Bills of Exchange on the Treasury, Payinafter of the Forces, Navy board, and other Offices; with Assurances, That the said Bills so draw n should meet with punctual Payment.

That, by virtue of these Instructions, and the Credit therein given, the Fleet was provided with all things necessary for the Service by the Merchants in Boston and New Fork-, who received Bills of Exchange on the respective Offices, as follows;

Sixteen Bills of Exchange drawn by j£. s. d. Colonel Arnot on the Paymaster of the Army, amounting to 23,447/. 11s. 11 Sterling; whereof -fds being paid, there rests due thereon - - - -7,815 17 3F

One other Bill drawn by Colonel Arnot for 5001; whereof no Part is paid One other Drawn by Colonel and Colonel Nicholson on the said Payinafter for 130/. 1 Oi'.j whereoff-ds being paid, there remains -

One other drawn by Sir Iloxenden Waileron the Commissioners of the Ordnance, for 2,260/. 1 gs. lid.; whereof -fds

paid, there remains due -

Four other Bills drawn by Wm. Hawes on the Commissioners of Ordnance,

amounting to 1,028/. 5s.8 whereof

fds being paid, there rests -

Two Bills drawn by Colonel Dudley and Colonel Nicholson on the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, amounting to 469 /. 8s. 3 d.;

whereof fds being paid, there rests - -

Eight Bills drawn by Colonel Dudley on the Treasury; whereof no Part is paid - - - - 4,499 17 5

Twenty-four Bills draw n by Sir den Walker, Daniel Mahon, and John Horton, on4he Commissioners of Victualing, amounting to 13,520/. 18s. 10 the Exchange of which Bills being altered from 40 to 45 per Cent, reduces that Sum to 13,054/. 13s. 4 d.; fds of which being paid, there remains - 4,351 it 6

One hundred and Sixteen Bills drawn by Colonel Hunter from New Fork on the Treasury, amounting to 17,049/. 12$. if d.; whereof fds being paid in South Sea Stock, amounts to 10,554 /. and, al-Vol. 18.

545

tered from 30 to 40 per Cent, reduces £. s. d.

that Sum to 5,277 4 if

Six Bills drawn by Colonel Hunter on the Treasury for 490/. Sterling, of which no Part is paid; which, if altered to an Exchange of 40 per Cent, makes - 454 19 10

Total due on these Bills of Exchange 24,195 18 2

That it appeared to the Committee, that, when fds of these Bills w'ere ordered to be paid, there was a Minute made in the Treasury, That the remaining Third-part should be paid as soon as it should appear, who were to be charged with the Monies taken up for the Service, that it might regularly be accounted for; and that an Account of this Resolution wasfent to the Governor of New England, for the Encouragement of the Merchants there, by the I>ord Dartmouth, then One of her Majesty s Principal Secretaries of State:

That the Petitioners have applied for the Payment of this Debt, for Five Years last past, with the utmost Diligence; but without Effect.

And that, upon the Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners have fully made good the several Allegations contained in their Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to con- clandestine fider of the I.aws now in being to prevent clandestine Marriages, Marriages; and how those Laws may be made more

effectual:

And it is referred to Mr. Farrer, Mr. Jessop, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Smith, Air Carter, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Aislahie,

Air. Barrington, Mr. Herne, Mr. Hill, Mr. Budge, Air.

Conyers, Mr. Guernsey, Sir Geo.Beaumont, Mr. Travel's,

Air. Methuen, Mr. Northcy. Mr. Nevill, Colonel Stanhope, Mr. Diston, General Ross, Mr. Air. Butler, Mr. Gwyn, Lord Wm. Powlctt, Mr. Sir

Hen. Bunbury, Air Morice, Sir Just.Isham, Mr. Onslow,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Thomas Crosse, Mr. Comptroller,

Sir Wm. Carew, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Guidott, Air.

Earle, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Lcchmere, Sir

ner, Mr. Micklethwaite, Sir Richard , Sir

Wm. Pole, Mr. Walpole, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Nico.

Carew, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. Serjeant Pengelly, Air.

Drew: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

q

Air. Speaker reported, That the House did attend his Answer to Majesty Yesterday, and presented to him their Address; Address.° and that his Majesty was plealed to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

IT is with great Pleasure that I find the Directions I have given to make a Reduction in the Army, and my Intentions to grant an Act of Grace, are so much to the Satisfaction of my faithful Commons.

I thank you for the hearty Assurances you give me of your Affections to my Person and Government; and shall always make such an Ule of the Confidence you repose on me, as may be most for the Advantage of my People.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Aiorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aiornisg, Nine of the Clock.

c> z

io° Mali.

500 — — 43 10 — 753 13 4 342 15 2j:

156 9 5

Exporting Irish Linens.

Duties on Lint feed.

Marlborough

lileftiou.

Exporting Irish Linen.

Hopkins* qualifying for Office.

Committee of Privileges.

tone's

&Ute,

ii° — 13* Mail. A. 1717.

elder, and Stone the younger, In the County of Sussex, for discharging the. Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of One of the Co-heirs of John Stone the younger; and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein is mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

A PETITION of several Makers’: and Manufac- to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given turers of Fustians, checked Linens, all forts of their Content -to-,the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Corn-Tickings, itriped Hollands, Tapes, and Laces, living in mittee; and that the Committee had made feme Amend-, Manchester, Wiggan, Warrington,.and other’ Parts of ments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report Lancashire, inbehalf of themfel vesyand many Thousands to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and of poor Families employed infoe feid Manaiia&ures, was afterwards delivered them inat the Clerk’s Table: Where presented to the Hoafe, and tead; setting forth, That since they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, the Irish have had largePrivileges granted 1them in the one by. one; and, nponfoe.Question thereupon severally ‘Linen Trade, by a free Exportation; to' the Plantations, , put,.agreed unto by die House.

,and an eafyLnport into Great Britain, the Petitioners Ordered, That, the Bill,-with the Amendments, be have found great Discouragements in foeir fevecal Manu- ingrossed.

Ifactures; they being forced to use lb great Quantities of

Irish Linen Yarn, which pays a Duty upon its Importa- Mr.-OjM/bay reported from the Committee, to whom Rotherhith tioninto Great Britain; and, if manufactured here, no the Bill to enable the: Rector and Parishioners of the CLurch.

- Drawback can . be allowed upon exporting any of their Parish of St. Mary,&otherhith, in the County of Surry, Commodities: That, unless some Proviliion -be made, to make Rates,- and levy Money, within the said Parish, whereby the Trade of Ireland may be-kept on -an equal ' for finhhing the said Parish Church, was committed, That . Foot with ,the Manufactures of this Kingdom, they will, in ‘ they-bad made several Amendments to the Bill, which time, gain the whole Plantation Trade: And praying, ‘they- had directed him to report to the House; and he That the Irish Linen Trade may . be upon the same read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them Foundation as formerly. -in at foe Clerk’s Table: Wlnere they were once'read

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and,

Committee of foe whole, House, to whom.foe Bill for ‘upon the Question thereupon severally put, agreed unto continuing foe Liberty of exportingTmA Linen Cloth to - by the House.

the: British Plantations is committed. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of foe Customs do lay before this House an Account of foe Amount of the A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, Edinburgh Duties upon.Lint-feed imported into Great Britain from of foe City of in behalf of themselves, and Cit.v Kev

Christinas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen to the Community of the said City, was presented to the Mue* Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen. House, and read; setting forth, That the said City having

been found. Anno 1693, to be indebted in a considerable Ordered, That the Report from foe Committee of Sum of Money; towards Discharging whereof there was Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for foe no Fund; an Act of Parliament passed at that time, lay-Borough of -Marlborough, in. foe County of Wilts, be ing an Imposition of Two Penies Scots Money upon every

received upon Monday Morning;next. Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tap-

ped, or fold, in the said City, Suburbs, and Liberties The Order of foe Day being read; thereof; to continue for Thirty Years: That the said

Resolved, That fois House will, upon Thursday Mom- City will be found burthened with great Debts, Anno ing next, refojve jtself into a Committee of the whole 7 723, at the Expiring of the present Imposition; i3 in a House, upon foe Bill for continuing the Liberty of export- languifoing State, both as to its Trade, and present fog Irish Linen Cloth to foe British-Plantations. Revenue; and is annually burthened with great Numbers

of Poor: And praying, That Leave be given to biiqg The Lord William Powlett presented to the House, in a Bill for continuing foe said Imposition; or for.au-according to Order, a Bill to empower foe Barons of nexing One Peny Scots on the Pint of Ale for lb long a the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to foe Term as shall be thought needful.

Barons of foe Exchequer in England to administer to Ordered, That foe-feid Petition be, referred to a. Com -Thomas Hopkins Esquire the Oaths for the due Execu- mittee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; tion of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and and report-the fame,. as it- shall, appear to- them, to the Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, granted tohimfor his House:

life: And foe.some wps, received; add read the First time. And it is referred to-Sir Geo. JVarrender, Mr. Yonge,

Ilcsolyed, That foe, Bill, be,redd a Second fone. Air. Treby, YarAJVm. Powlett, Sir Richard Farrington,

Sir Thom Mr. Mr. Sir Ordered, That it be on Instruction to ithe Committee Edmund Prideaux, Mr. Plumptree, Sir . Houghton, of Prbfoeges.and Efeftfons, That, they;do not pnoteed. Sir BamRyder, Mr. Pelham, Sir Mr. duripg fois Session of Parliament, on anymoreof foe Ingram, Mr. Carpenter, - Mr. Inge, Sir Wm. Windham,

Petitions now beforefthem, compfemfog of undue- Elec- , Sir-Robert Mr. Coupe?', Mr. Lawson, Mr. Ser-

aons, foter;the-Akrits.of foe Elections for the Boroughs jeant Birch, Mr Sir Mr.

of Great Marlow, Shaftesbury, and Leominster, and for Earl, Mr. Baillie, Mr. Moody, General Sir foe County of Northumberland, are heard. Gough, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Sir Pltilip Parker, Mr.

till -Monday Hutcheson, Sir Wm. St. Mr. Notris, Mr.

s Churchill, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Leehmerc,

Sir Fisher Tench, Mr* Onslow, Sir Sir

1 — John Brownlow, Sir Thomas Crosse; and all that serve for

t o J' Jif North BritainAnd they are to meet this A-stemoon at

LjUna,13 Fit-man j Five a Clock, in-foe Speaker's Chamber: And they have

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then ' the "House adjourned 'Morning,‘Nine of the Clock.

SaiMati, it* die

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717. ‘P BAITERS.

P R A V E B s.

MR. Ingram reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of John Slone the

16

A Motion being-made, and the Question being put, Dr. Snap* t« That the Reverend Dr. Snape be desired to preach Before Pr'"c^j"n this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon the 29 *y’

Twenty-

by

3 Geo. I. 130 — 14° 547

Twenty-ninth Day of M instant j which Day is ap* pointed, by Act of Parliament, for a Day of Thanks-giving for the Restitution of the Royal Family, and Renoration of the Government j The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas,^; f } Ml.

Tellers for the Noes,[|frT^4'rt> j 131:

So it ivas resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham and Mr. tihippen do acquaint him therewith.

jfarlhorough Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from die

Elusion. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of and the Refo-

lutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Gabriel Roberts Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir

William Httmpht'eys Knight and Baronet, and

Ward Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Martbo-rough, in the County of Witts:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, That Marlborough is a Borough, and a Corporation, by Prescription:

That the Right of Election is in the Mayor and Burgesses only; and that it has been always io determined by this Iloule:

That Sir William Humphreys was admitted to be duly elected:

That it appeared by the Poll, That Twenty-one voted for Mr. Roberts, and none for Mr. And,

Mr. Ward not appearing, nor any Counsel for him, the Committee were not informed upon what Pretence he was returned.

That the Committee came to the following Resolutions; ( ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the’Right of Election of Members to serve in Par-

o ' t . I 1.1 1

liamentl’or the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, is in the Mayor arid Burgesses of the said Borough only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee, That Joshua Ward Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Humphreys Knight and Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Gabriel Roberts Inquire is duly elected a BurgeB to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough.

The said Resolutions,1 being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. ....

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Marlborough-, in the County of Wilts, by rating out the Name of Joshua Esquire, and insert-

ing the Name of Gabriel Roberts Esquire, instead thereof.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Malt Duties. selve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir Ashurst,

Vol. 18.

Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Monrem, Mr. Vincent, p.ari of Mr. Robarts, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ranelagh'*

Mr. London, Sir Thomas Crosse, be added to the Com- Estate. mittee, to whom the Bill for sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Chelsea and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 14® dieMaii;

Anno 3' Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Weales Matter, Thomas Regulating Pafcall, Henry Pafcall, Samuel Orbell, Thomas Pilots.

Thompson, and Thomas Appleby, Wardens of the Society and Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity-house of Dover,

Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, on behalf of themselves, and the Fellowship, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, Time out of mind, the Peti-» tJoners, and Predecessors, have been a Society of Pilots for Conducting of Ships and Vessels up the Rivers of Thames and Medway.; and to examine and swear all such Persons as (horrid offer themselves for Pilots, for Con-dufting of Ships and Vessels up the said Rivers, in Conjunction with the Lord Warden, or his Deputy; and they have also constantly held Courts of Load-Manage at Dover\; at which Courts the Petitioners, the said Matter and Wardens for the Time being, do fit to rectify all Misdemeanors: That several Persons, not Pilots, have taken the Charge of conducting Ships and Vessels up the said Rivers; to the great Prejudice of Merchants: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them effectually to prevent the same for the future.

A Petition of several Merchants in the City of London, Ditto, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Fellowship of Pilots, long established in the Cinque Ports, is very useful to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom:

That, by ignorant Persons presuming to conduct Ships to the Port of London, without having undergone any Examination into their Abilities for that Service, tend to the manifest Hazard and Danger of Ships, and their Car- -goes: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing the said Fellowship, and remedying the said Mischiefs, by such Methods as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Admiral Aylmer, Sir John Norris, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Marlborough , Order, amended the Return for the Borough of - Return

rough, in the County of Wilts. amended,

Ordered, That Sir WiHo. Hickman, and Mr be Earl of

added to the Committee, to whom thie Bill for Sale of the Ranelagh'*

late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Chelsea and Cranborne, lutein the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, is committed.

Ordered, That William Blake Esquire, do attend this Minehead House upon Tomorrow Scvennight, when the High She- lileflion. riff and Under Sheriff of the County of Soma ft are to attend this House.

Ordered, That John Boys,' who carried the Return to the Sheriff, by which the Sitting Members are returned for the Borough of Minehead, in the said County, do then also attend this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Commis-of the whole House, to whom-the Bill to-continue, and doners for revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Army Debt*. Commissioners to take, examine, andftate, the Debts due

to

14 ? Mail. A. 1717.

to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and Popish llccuiants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the life of the Publick j to certify into the Exchequer the Names of Persons possessed of forfeited Estates, and of Persons indebted to his Majesty by virtue of the aforesaid Act

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fioule, upon the said Bill.

The Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a teller Incumbrance; and for redeeming so much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption, contained in former A fits of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund; w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Supply Bill; Duties on House*.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Lowndes pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Ceded Land* Address to his Majesty, several Papers relating to the m St. Cimf-Value of the Lands in the Island of t0P"er*’

and the Representations, Memorials, and Papers, made fiuce the Treaty, relating to that Island; together with a List of them:

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers, of this Session.

Mr. Sloper, from the Pay Office, presented to the Dutch . House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Ac- Troop*, count of the Disposition of the Money given for the Payment of the Six thousand Dutch Troops taken into his Majesty’s Service, during the late Rebellion; with the Charge of the Transportation of the said Troops forwards and backwards; distinguishing each Particular under its, respective Head; And also,

An Account of the Distribution of the Extraordinaries Army Extra* and Contingencies issued out for Services performed in in Scotland. North Britain, during the late Rebellion:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow;

As ACCOUNT of the Disposition of the Money given for the Payment of the 6,000 Dutch Troops taken into his Majesty’s Service, during the late Rebellion; with the Charge of the Transportation of the said Troops forwards and backwards; distinguishing each Particular under its respective Head j viz.

Paid the several Regiments composing the said Body of 6,000 Men, and their General and Staff Officers, for Pay, pursuant to his Majesty’s Establishment and Warrants, as follow- eth; viz.

For the Pay of a Dutch Regiment of dismounted Dragoons, commanded by Colonel SGra-Venmore, from the 7th of November, 1715, the Day of their Embarkation for Great Britain, to the 28th of June following, the Day of their Landing in Holland, upon their Return back ——

For the Pay of a Regiment of Dutch Foot, commanded by Colonel Rantzau, for the same time -

For the Pay of Colonel Croust ram's Regiment of Dutch Foot, for the same time -

For the Pay of Colonel Welderens Regiment of Dutch Foot, from the said 7th of November to the 3d of July following, the Day of their Landing in Holland - For the Pay of Colonel Zout land's Regiment of Dutch Foot, from the said 7th of November, to the 30th of June following, the Day of their Landing in Holland

For the Pay of Colonel Pallandt'sRegiment of Dutch Foot, from the 10th of November 1715, the Day of their Embarkation, to the 28th June following, the Day of their Landing in Holland - ....

For the Pay of the following Switz Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Establishment, and Warrants; viz.

For, Colonel Meys Two Battalions, from the 10th November 1715, the Day of their Embarkation, to the 3d and 4th of July following, the Days they debarked in Holland - For Colonel Sturler's Regiment, from the several Days of their Embarkation, in November

1715, to the 27th of June following, the Day they debarked in Holland

For Colonel Chambrier'sRegiment, from the 7th and 10th of November 1715, to the 28th

of June following, the Day they debarked - - . -

For Colonel Schinitz'Regiment, from the 10th of November 1715, to the ad of July fol-

lowing, the Day they debarked -

For the Pay of the Lieutenant General, and other General and Staff Officers, belonging to the said Body of 6,000 Men, pursuant to his Majesty s Establishment, and Warrant, from the 7th of November 1715, to the 4th of July following, the Day they debarked in Holland -

Paid to the said Forces, and General Officers, over and above their said Pay, in Consideration of their good and faithful Services, and their long and continued Marches in the most rigorous Season of the Winter, pursuant to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's Warrant; viz.

To the General and Staff Officers - 2,842 4 —

To the Regiments, 28 Days full Pay ----- 9,870 16 10

Paid for contingent Charges relating to the said Forces, as well before their Embarkation on board the Transport Ships, as for their Marches in Great Britain, and for.extraordinary Charges not included in their established Pay, the several Sums following; viz.

X. s. d.

8,685 9 — I

6,454 18 2

6,619 14 4*

6,592 5 —

6,509 16

7,547 19 6

14,365 5 1* 7,067 5 7,876 14 7 8,035 2 4

4,615 3

12,713 — 1©

For

jGeo. I. 14°Mail, t

549

For the full Charge of carrying 6,000 Men, by Water, from Ghent to Oft end-, £. 1. d.

and for Waggons and Horses to carry the Baggage and Equipage of the General Officers, and other Officers, from their respective Quarters, at and Namtir, to Ghent; including the Charge of Firing and Straw for the Troops

at OJlend, before they could embark - - - -2,106128

For the Charge of Bylanders, Boat-hire, and for Water-calks for putting Water on board the Transports which lay out of the Harbour of that they might be the more ready to fail - 363 12 8

For the Hire of Five Masters of Transports, who, not being ready to fail time enough, were discharged from the Service - 83 910

For the Charges of 1,511 Deals, 66 Spars, and 171 Water-calks, for Si*

Transport Ships --- --- ----- - 51 4 —

For the Charge of Pilotage up the River Thames, Trinity Duty, and Light-money, Custom-house Charges, &;c. for the several Transports - - - 217198

For 998 Tents, 1,000 Sacks, and other Necessaries, for the Troops, to enable them to take the Field as soon as they should land - - - - 992 3 6

For defraying the Charge of Two Commissaries appointed to take care of difrributing, ana seeing the Provisions put on board the Transport Ships; and for their Care and Trouble in paying the Money to the Troops, as well as receiving and paying all other Sum3 employed on this Service - - - - 174 3 7

For satisfying several Officers and Soldiers of Lieutenant General P allant's Regiment, for the Lois they suffered by the Plunder of their Baggage at Edinburgh, on the'26th March 1716 - - 377 1 —

For Surgeons Chests and Medicines fumished the Troops - 2*0 — —

For satisfying several Officers and Soldiers of Lieutenant General Pallant's Regiment, for the Loss of the Baggage of themselves, and Companies, in a Transport Ship that was call away in November 1715 - - - 262131

For the Charges, and contingent Expences, of Four Regiments, in their

Marches and Quarters - -.....- - - 93114 —

For the Charges, and contingent Expences, of Colonel Doppand's Regiment,

in their Marches and Quarters - -.....- - 145 1,5 6

For the Charges, and contingent Expences, of Colonel s Regiment/

in their Marches and Quarters - - 302-----

For the Charges, and contingent Expences, of the General Officers, and Six Regiments, in their Marches and Quarters ----- 1,793 7 6f

Paid for Levy-money for One Serjeant, and One Drummer, to each of the Five Dutch Regiments of Foot - 260-----

Paid for the Charge of Transport Ships and Provisions, in transporting the said Troops into Great Britain; viz.

To Mr. Boy.for the like Sum paid by him to several Mailers of Transport

Ships, as per Contrast ----- - 2,045 14 6

To Mr. William Archdeacon, for the like Sum paid by him to the Merchants,

and Masters of several Transport Ships, as per Contract - 2,061 12 8

To the Masters of the Transport Ships, w ho brought the Two last Regiments from Ostend - - - - 962 8 6

To the Masters of Two Transports, for transporting the General Officers Horses and Equipage - - - 131164

Paid to the following Persons, for the Charge of Three Weeks and Three Days Provisions for the Troops; viz.

To Mr. Archdeacon ----- 2.598 14 6

To Mr. Castagno ----- 1,607 8 —

To Mr. Foulis ----- - 1,223 M 2

-----5,429 16 8

Paid to John Hill Esquire, Paymaster for the Transport Service, upon Account, for the Charges of transporting the said Forces back to Holland - '

Total of Payments for, or upon Account of, the said 6,000 Dutch Troops, out of the Sum of 126,033/. 4 s.9 d.voted by Parliament for them - -

So there remains a Saving under this Head " -

8,283 17 —

10,631 8 8

3,95i 12 7

119,949 12 4 6,083 12 5

126,033 4 9

Which Sum of £. 6,083 ,2- 5- has been deducted in the Estimate given in for the Pay of the Six Battalions of Foot hired from the Bishop of Munster, and the Duke of Sax Gotha, towards satisfying that Charge.

Pay Office,

May the 14th, 1717. Lincoln.

0 L. 18.

7 A

Aw

n

550

H

Mail

iA. 1717.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Extraordinaries and Contingencies itifaed out for Service* performed

in North Britain during the late Rebellion.

Paid for die several extraordinary and contingent Charges following, expended by William Burroughs Esquire, Commissary General, for providing Forage

and Bread for the Forces in North Britain; being for die extraordinary and contingent Charges thereupon, over and above what was deduced, or received, for Bread and Forage, from the Troops, according to the Account thereof delivered in by the said Commissary; viz.

To the Commissioners of the respective Shires in North for the Hire of

Hories and Men employed in his Majesty’s Service on the March (a) [to and] from Sterling to Perth, Aberdeen, and afterwards through die Highlands For several contingent Expences; as Coals for the Army; building Ovens; Attendance on the Train of Artillery; shipping the fame; Boats on Lockness; and several other Incidents; pursuant to separate Warrants from his Grace the Duke of Argyle and Cadogan -

For Shipping, and Vessels employed in carrying Provisions from Port to Port, and transporting the sick Dutch and Swiss, with the Baggage, from to Leith, and from Leith to London - -

Paid for Hay and Oats delivered to the Army, as follows; viz.

d.

For 160,000'Stone of Hay - - - - 3,000 — —

For 10,000 Bolls of Oats 5,833 6 8

For Charges thereon, pursuant to Contract

8,833 6 5Ji 15

9*345

9

6

Received from the Troops, as their Proportion, and for Magazines fold, which remained unifliied - - - - 3,470 7

Which being deducted, there remains, as extraordinary)

Charge - -> "

Memorandum: The Country Horses, summoned into his Majesty’s Service, had Corn and Hay furniftted them gratis out of this Magazine.

Paid for 300,000 Weight of Biscuit provided for the Army 2,143 12 6

Paid for Water, Covers and Hocbams for preserving it - 110 6 9

Received from the Troops, as their Proportion Which being deducted, there remains, as an extraordinary) Charge - -)

Paid for the Com provided for the Use of the Army, Freight for shipping the lame, Sacking, and other Incidents relating thereto - - - - .-

Received from the Troops as their Proportion, and for the Remains of the Magazines fold -

Remains as an extraordinary Charge

2,255 19 3 1,259 12 —

2,342 17 7l 1,469 12 9

Paid for the Loss sustained in erecting a Magazine of Iiay and Oats on the River Thames, for the Service of the Forces in Scotland, and for Demurrage of

Vessels, and other Incidents.....thereto -

Paid to the several Persons employed by the Commissary General, as Bakers, and other Tradesmen and Workmen; and for Disbursements in carrying Bread and Forage to the several Camps -

Paid for Wages t(J the Under Commissaries, and putting them in a Condition to serve -

Paid for Odice-rents, Clerks, and other contingent Charges relating to the Commissary General’s Office - -

To the Commissary General, upon Account of his own Allowance in performing this Service -

d.

Total paid by Mr. Burroughs -

Towards which, there hath been iinprested to the said Commissary, at several times, the Sums following, amounting to £. 13,000; viz.

1715-

December 23. Paid him, upon Account, for buying Provisions for the said Forces peb. 2. Paid him more, upon the same Account - - -

2*. Paid him more, upon the same Account -

3. Paid him more, pursuant to the Duke of Argyle's Warrant -

13. Paid him, towards the Charge of transporting Bread, by the Lord Cadogan's Warrant -

May 10. Paid him upon the like Account, by the Lord s Warrant -

December 24. Paid him for defraying the Expences of Horses employed in car-tying Bread, Biscuit, 8$c. and other incident Charges, pursuant to the Lord Cadogan sWarrant -

Paid for the following contingent and extraordinary Charges, out of the Sum of 10,000l. issued to his Grace the Duke of Argyle by the Commissioners of Exeiie in Scotland; viz.

(a) The Word* " to and" are not in the Account which was presented to the House.

2,585 9 6

1,022 — 2

5J5 11 —

5,874 14 3

996 7

873 4 10*

482 *3 , 2 ,

56o )6 4i

6l5 9 —

320 — —

1>0oo

- ‘4,846 5 6£_

L500-----

5.000 _____

**500 -

3.000 — —

800 — ______

7oo_______

5oo______

jC* *'

13,000 —

*715.

3 Geo. I.

14® Ma il.

55*

1715. VTo his Grace the Duke of Athol, to be laid out for Intelligence, t£c. £. s. d.

September 15.^ per Obligation, to be accountable for the same - - - 300-----

To Sir James Stewart, his Majesty s Solicitor for Charges of Prosecutions, and other Exigences of the Government, per Obligation,

to be accountable - -- -- - 200 -

To James Baity, Writer in Edinburgh, as the Value of 185 Firelocks, Bayonets, and Cartridge-boxes, bought, from time to time, for the publick Service, and disposed of to the Militia in Arms for his Majesty, as per Receipt - - - - -94 76

19. The Charge of transporting the Train of Artillery from Edinburgh,

Castle to the Camp at Stirling, paid Major Thomas Gordon, as

per Receipt - - -25-----

The Charge of transporting the Train of Artillery to Seaton-house,

paid Captain Levingstone, as per Receipt - - - - 20-----

Forage to Horses of the Earl of Penmure s, seized, from 26th August

to 17 September, per Receipt - - - - 848

24. To his Grace the Duke of Athol, a further Sum, to be laid out for

procuring Intelligence, <§c. - - - -100-----

To Duneavis, for Intelligence, &c. per Receipt - - - 20-----

October 1. For Bedding and Watch-cloaths to the Garison of Edinburgh Castle,

per Receipt - -121710

6. To Robert Montroy, Carpenter, for Six Waggons for carrying Bread

to the Camp, per Receipt - - - - 30 — —

For fufilifting Filty additional Men in the Garilon of Stirlitig Castle, per Receipt - - -20-----

14. For Coals and Candles extraordinary in the Garison of Stirling Castle,

per Receipt - - -20 2 —

18. To John Forbes Esquire, to be laid out by him in the North, for

secret Services, per Receipt - - - - -100-----

22. For Subsisting of additional Men in the Castle of Stirling, per

Receipt - - - -20-----

November 10. For Bedsteads and Seats for the Hospital in Stirling, per the Joiner’s

Bill and Acquittance - -13-----

17. Gratuity paid to the Brigade Majors of Horse and Foot, for the Use of the private Men, who took the 13 Colours, and Three

Standards, at the Battle of Dumblain - - - - -48-----

To the Surgeons at the Hospital at Stirling, and of the several Regiments, to be laid out for Medicines for the Use of the Sick and "Wounded, per their several Receipts - - - 275-----

23. To Gaxvin Byfield a Gratuity, for his Trouble in securing the Earl of

Penmnre's Horses, and other Services, per Acquittance 26. For Utensils for the Use of the ^Hospital in Stirling, paid Robert Watson, per Bill and Acquittance -

28. For Medicines for the Use of the Garison at; Stirling Castle, per Bill and Receipt - .,yv- - - # -

December 7. For Nurses for attending the Sick and Wounded in the Hospital there, their WTages preceding this Day -Bounty-money given to the Adjutants, for the U je of the private Men of the several Briti/k Regiments encamped at Stirling 9. Paid the several Constables employed in summoning the Countiy to bring in Forage for the Use of the Army, per the Clerk to the Justices his Account and Acquittance -To Coals, Candles, 8$c< to the Generals Guards, preceding this Date - -

A further Supply of Bedsteads, Kc. to the Hospital at Stirling, per the Joiner’s Bill and Acquittance -

19. To sundry Evidences r sent from Stirling to London, for defraying

their Charges - -

21. For an Express sent by Lord Lovat from Inverness -

Paid for Provisions laid into the Garisons of Edinburgh, Stirling,

Drumakoln, Cardrofs, Garterton, and Donn Castle, per Account and Vouchers - -- 424 14 5

January 6. To the Nurses attending the Sick and Wounded at the Hospital at Stirling, their Wages from the 7th December to 7th Instant - - - 83 —

15. Repaid the Earl of IJlay that his Lordship disbursed for his Majesty s

Service at Inverary, during the Time of the late Rebellion, by

Account and Vouchers ----- - 542 — 1

21. Advanced at several times to Mr. Gilbert Moore, Commissary for Forage, to enable him to carry on the Forage of his Majesty’s Troops in Scotland, per Acquittances, for which he is accountable ----- - -1,829 18 —

For subsisting the Garisons of the Castle of Down and Campbell, per

Acquittance - -.....1315 4

Vol. 18.

IO 15

22 »9 9

21 *5 8

8 i M l6

188 9 6

5 19 4

8 11 2

toT 18 12 8

23 —

5 —

January

552 14° Mail. A.

January 25. SubfiRence to a Ro-inforceroent to the Garison of Dunbarton Cattle, £.

from 20 September to the 20th December, 1715, per Warrant and Acquittance - - -108 15 —

26. Paid for fundrv incident Charges for packing up, and transporting,

Arms, Ammunition, &c. from Edinburgh to the Camp, §c. per Bill and Acquittance ----- - 235 13 9

For Expresscs, and to inferior People employed for Intelligence, per

Bill and Acquittance - 280 18 6

To Nurses employed in attending the Sick and Wounded in Stirling Hospital, their Wages from the 7th of December to the 27th Intiant ----- 5 5 —

To Mr. Patrick Crawford, Chirurgeon, for his Attendance on the Hospital at Stirling, from the 8th of November to tins Day, both

indufive - - - -16-----

To Mr. Peter Laponge, for attending the Army and Hospital, per

Acquittance - -100-----

27. To the Secretary to the General, for Exprefies, Intelligence, and

other Contingencies - - . - - - 161 5 —

Repaid the Quartermaster General Coach-hire of Three several Journeys he made betwixt Edinburgh and Stirling, about Matters relating to the Service - - 415 —

To Mr. Sutherland, for attending the Hospital at Stirling from the

lft of November to this. Day - - - 10-----

For the extraordinary Charge of Coals and Candles to the Garison at Stirling Cattle - -30-----

28. To Alexander Chalmers and John Sinclair, Clerks, on Account of the DHburfements of the Extraordinaries of the War, per their Acquittances - - 30 — —

Paid Robert Grahame a Gratuity for his good Service, in discovering

a Design of the Rebels on the City of Edinburgh - - - 40 ---

For repairing the Firelocks and Bayonets in the Magazine of Edinburgh Cattle, as per Account certified by the Store-keeper, and the Artificers Acquittances - - - - '674 19 111

Feb. 3. To Mr. Neil Campbell, that he expended in procuring Intelligence -while at JVeem:and for defraying the Charges he has been at during his Imprisonment with the Rebels; Acquittance - ' 94 9 6

4. To Doneoas, a Gentleman employed to get Intelligence, and taken

Prisoner by the Rebels - - - - 5 — - —

10. To Lieutenant APNeil, font Exprefe to the Earl of Sutherland, to

defray his Charges - - - -10 — —

28. To Mr. John Forrest, Treasurer of the Town of Edinburgh, for

defraying the Expence of navigating, 8$c. Six Sloops employed in the Frith of Forth while the Rebels were in per Accotmt and Acquittance - - 222 2 2

29. For Cloth Mittens to the Soldiers when, they marched from Stirling,

paid Mr. Gabriel Napier, by Bill and Acquittance - - - 69 17 2ff

To Lieutenant John Stirling, for his Service in attifting the Quartermaster General on the March - - - - ' f - 15 — —

To Mr. Patrick Campbell, for Loaves provided ' v* in Edinburgh for the Use of the Army; and ’ for the Charges 6f'Transporting thereof from thence to the Camp, as per Bitl and Acquit- :II:

tance - 377 4 8J

From thertce to be deduced Stoppages made on Ac- '

count thereof - - - - - 220 10 —

----- — 156 14 8{

28. To Doctor George Preston, Intendant of the Hospital erected for the Dutch at Linlithgow, for Medicines bought by him so^ the

Ufc of the said Hospital, as per Bill and Acquittance - - 89 4 6

To Mr. John Knox, Chirurgeon to the Garison of Edinburgh Castle, of Account of Medicines furnished by him to the sick Prisoners in the Ibid Cattle, per Acquittance - - - - 15 — —

Mar. 17. For' Medicines, Nucfes, Wages, Candles, for the Use of the Hospital at Stirling, from the 28th of January to the 28th Febrvt&ry, paid Mr. Andrew VbnielleMatter Surgeon, as per Bill and Acquittance - - -17 — 4

To the Commissary of the Train of Artillery, additional Pay, at the Rate of 5th a Day, from the 27 August inclosive, lo the lft' of March exclusive; the Captain and Lieutenant of the Train btShg unable to serve in the Field through Age - - - - 46 13 —

To the Carpenter, Smith, and Collarmaker, attending the Train, their Pay for themselves and Servants, at the Rate of 9*. each per diem, from 15th September to the 9th of January, both ;inclusive - - 157 19

t7I7

Mar.

3 Geo.

Alar. 17.

1716.

Mar. 31.

Apr. 4.

1715*

Alar* 13.

171G.

Apr. 6. 11.

May 12.

18.

3i*

Feb. 23. May 16. Vo L. 18.

I.

14°:

To the Contractors for the Horses kept in Readiness for the Service of the Train, pursuant to Contract, per their Accounts and Acquittances -

To Mr. Robert Hepburn his Account of Forage furnished to the Troops detached from the Camp to Edinburgh -

For fubfiffing the Rebel Prisoners in Edinburgh and Stirling, per Account

For Utensils furnished to the Hospital at Stirling, paid Mr. Patrick Craufurd Surgeon, as per Bill and Acquittance -To Mr. John Dickins, for Forage furnished to his Majesty’s Troops at Edinburgh, from the 12th to the 19th October, when the Rebels eroded the Forth, per Bill and Acquittance To George Drummond, for his Care and Trouble in paying out, and keeping an Account of, the several Particulars mentioned in this Account; and for other considerable the Rebellion -

Services during

£. d. 299 19 71

20-----

264 6 2

8 15 5

43 6 6

500-----

To the additional Men in Edinburgh Castle, and their Officers, for Subsistence, from the ill August 1715 to the 20th of November following To several Ilalf-pay Officers, on Account of their Half-pay, according to an Account returned to the Pay Office

8,398 4 31

150 6 8

1,118 15 10

Total of Payments out of the said Sum of £. 10,000 - 9,667 6 91

Memorandum: The Two last mentioned Articles, being chargeable under other Heads, for which Monies hath been granted by Parliament, are not carried out amongst the Payments of this Account.

Paid William Burroughs Esquire, for the like Sum expended in gaining Intelligence, Sic. pursuant to the Lord Cadogan's

Warrant - *. - - - 1,200-----

Paid Sir Robert Montgomery, upon Account of secret Service - 43-----

Paid Brigadier Preston, for an extraordinary Charge of Coal and Candle for Edinburgh Castle, pursuant to the Lord Cadogans Warrant - - - 15 5 —

Paid Gilbert Smith, for building Two Ovens in Edinburgh Castle,

purfoant to the Duke of Ar gyle's Warrant - - 22 — —

Paid General Montejje, for so much given by him to a Ship’s Crew, for saving Two Companies of the Dutch Troops, per Lord Cadogans Warrant - - - 69 —

Paid Monsieur Lavernede, for going Post from to London, and back again - 53 —

Paid Eliza Lyll, for Bedding, Ac. furnished for Blackness Castle,

per General Cadogan's Warrant - - - - 39 163

Paid Sir Robert Anstruther, for his Lois in providing 50,000 Rations of Hay and Corn for the Army near ;which, by reason of the sudden Abandoning of that Place by the Rebels, remained on his Hands; pursuant to the Lord Cadogans

Warrant - - 500-----

Paid JVm. Burroughs Esquire, to make good his Loss on the Surplus of Provisions dispersed, by Order, up and down the

Country - - 200-----

Paid Wm. Burroughs Esquire, for Straw provided for the Soldiers to lie on at the several Camps in the Highlands - - 70-----

Paid Thomas Blackman, for the Loss he sustained in providing, and

driving, Oxen for the Forces from Perth through the Highlands 60 — - — Paid Wm. Burroughs Esquire Nine Days Subsistence to Serjeant Baugh, and 11 Men, at 3/. 5s. per diem, during their Attendance at Edbiburgh to carry Prisoners to London, per Lord Cadogan's Warrant - 29 5 —

Paid ditto, for so much expended by him in procuring Intelligence, and for divers other secret Services, per the Lord Cadogan's Warrant - 1,800-----

Paid Colonel Alexander Campbell 60 Days Subsistence of 500 Men, and Officers, employed on his Majesty’s Service from ill of January 1714, pursuant to the Duke of Ar gyles Warrant - 850-----

Paid Colonel John Campbell Two Months Subsistence for 30

Men, to re-inforce Dunbarton Garilbn - - - -1 45-----

Paid the several Officers belonging to the Hospital at Stirling 33 Days Pay, from 28 January to 29th February 1714, pursuant to the Duke of Ar gyle's Warrant - - - - 67 13 —

Paid l'cvcral Officers belonging to Linlithgow Hospital, their Pay

for the said Time, pursuant to the Duke of Agyle's Warrant 6713 —

7 B

553

£. t. i-

8,398 4 3i

D^pember

Expedition

CoCanadjL

554

14® — 150 Math

December 44. Paid William Burroughs Esquire for his Trouble in taking Charge £. t. d. Of the Country Hories attending the Army, and in stating

their Accounts..... — —

May 11. Paid General Cadogan upon Account of his Pay as General Officer in Scotland - - - - 1,500 — —

Paid Colonel Lawrence for particular Services done by him in Scotland - - 300 —

Paid Sir Robert Pollock, Governor of Fort William, for so much disbursed by him in several Neoeftariee for the said Garison, and for the Regiment of Foot doing Duty there, pursuant to

his Royal Highness’s Warrant ----- 543 -

Pakl General frightman for his contingent Expences during the time he commanded in Chief in North Britain - 888 11 6

Paid the Regiments of Dragoons of Major General , Lieu-

tenant General Carpenter, and Earl of Stairs, for Horses loft by them at the Battle of Dunblain, to enable them to recruit,

pursuant to his Royal Highnefe’s Warrant - - - - 1,344-----

Paid the Earl of Port move's Regiment of Dragoons, to make good the like tx>ls at the said Battle, pursuant to his Royal Highness’s Warrant - - - 204 — —

Paid Major General Sabine for his contingent Expences during the time he commanded in Chief in North Britain, pursuant lo his Majesty’s Warrant - - - 495 10

Paid Mr. John Knox, Surgeon to the Cattle of Edinburgh, for his Attendance, and Medicines formfeed by him to die Rebel Prisonera committed to the fold Cattle - - - - 55 15 —

Paid to the Regiments of Foot of Shannon, Wills, Montagu,

Maccartny , Grant, Morryfim, Clayton, and Eger-

Ion, for their extraordinary Expences for Baggage, and Forage-money, during the Campaign in North Britain, all the time of the late Rebellion, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant 4,114 9 4

Paid Mr. Patrick Cmuford, Surgeon, for Medicines, and Attendance on the Sick and wounded Prisoners in toe Cattle of Stirling - . - - - - 32 15 10

Paid the Earl of Sutherland, Upon Account of the extraordinary Contingencies during the time of the Rebellion - 2,000 — —

Pud the additional Officers and Men to Edinburgh Cattle, from the t ft August 1715, to toe 12 March 1714, pursuant to his Majesty’a Warrant * - - i,4o6 16

Paid out of Monies received by Major General Whetham from the Commttfioness of Exdfe In Scotland, > for toe fed* 1715. long Services; via.

August n%. To Robert Campbell, of the Train

To Gilbert Moor Esquire, for Forage 5* To Mr. Campbell, for Intelligence

10. To Francis Fairford, for Intelligence 15. To Mr. Moor, for Forage *

To Mr. Campbell, for Contingencies Paid for Expne fifes, and other contingent Charges - For Major General Whet ham's Pay, and his Aid-de-Camp

lo — 5 "

21 l6l 20 21 l6l 2

40 -

415 16 —

A. 1717.

£. «. i.

17,906 1 U

5 — 4 6

Paid for the extraordinary Charge of carrying Monies for the Subsistence, and Other Services, of toe Forces in Scotland, during the time of the Rebellion, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant *-«--»-

Pay-Office, May 14th, 1717.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House resumed toe adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to, and reading in, New York, and New England, was referred.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of toe whole House, who are to consider further of toe Supply granted to his Majestjt

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morniqg, Nine of the Clock.

Lincoln,

S43 —

696 10

40,843 16 lot

Mercurti, 15* di Mali;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

PaaVfeas.

BIL L to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in HopkiuT

____Ireland, to grant a Commission to some of the Ba-

tons of the Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas for Hopkins Esquire, the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, granted to him for his Life, was read a Second time.

Rejoboed, That toe Bill be committed to Mr. fey, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Aijlab, Mr. Smith, Mr Rowney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Strickland,

Mr. Grant, Mr. Edgecombe, Mr. Monroe, Sir- Thomas Johnson, Sir Robert FumeJ's, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Brodrick, Mr. Nevil, Mr Cater, Mr. Norris, Mr. Benson,

17 Sir

3 Geo. I. 150 — 11

Sir EdirardErnie, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Tufnellr Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Bell, Mr. , Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Inge, Mr. Hardress, Sir IVm. Johnston, Sir John Norris, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cuningham, Sir Geo. Warrender, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Ilampden, Mr. West-phaling, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Earl, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Lade, Mr. Mason, Sir Bichard Farrington, Mr. Chandler, Mr. AllanjMr. Ash, Mr. Jordan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

topply* The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners. appointed to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Comimf- The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Army*Debt*. *uto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill '* to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for ap|K>inting Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the lame;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the said Commissioners to state the Accounts of, and the Debts due to, the General Officers of the Army, who served abroad in the late War during the time of their actual Service, to complete the full Pay of, and Forage for, their respective Services, according to the Connniffions they then had.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis, 16 die Maii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Woollen ex- f2 ' H E House being acquainted, That Mr. Martyn, ported to X Inl'pc6tor General of the Customs, attended; tier many. He wa8 ca|ied. in; and, at the Bar, from the Commissioners of the Customs, presented to the House their Returns to Order's of the Tenth and Eleventh Instant; together with an Account ffiewing the annual Value of Vo L. 18.

6° Maii. 555

British Woollen Manufactures exported from England to Germany, in the Fourteen distindfc Years from One thousand Seven hundred Two to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; and also, an Account shew-ing the Quantity, and Duties, of Lint-feed imported into England from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen.

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, and James Minehead Milner Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Election, setting forth. That at the last Election of Members for ... Borough of Minehead, in the County of the

Petitioners, and Samuel Edwin md Thomas Gage Esquires, flood Candidates: That, according to the ancient Usage of the said Borough, the Right of Execution and Return of the Precept is In the Constables of the said Borough; but Joseph Brown Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, directed his Precept burgenjibus et ele&oribus burgi de Minhead; however took care to deliver the said Precept unto One of the Constables, and infilled upon his Return: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and so declared by the Constables; and notwithstanding Indentures, duly executed by the said Constables, and the Majority of the said Burgesses and Electors, were tendered to the said Sheriff, yet he refuted to receive the same, or to return the Petitioners; but the Sheriff, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, affixed an Indenture, prepared by some few of the Burgesses and Electors, whereby Mr. Edwin and Mr. Gage are mentioned to be elected for the said Borough: And praying, That the Indentures so affixed to the said Writ may be taken off from the same; and that the Indentures.

"by which the Petitioners were returned, may, infleaa thereof, be affixed thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That John Browning, of Shepton Mallet, do attend this House upon Wednesday next, when the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of the County of Somerset are to attend this House.

A Petition of John Day, Joseph Qrnjh, Jacob Roiz Bankrupt* Mendez, Samuel Johnson, James Graham, Certificates.

Anthony Fancourt, Richard Temple, John Payne, Mary Powell, James Wayte, John Foote, Benjamin,

and many others, who have been Merchants and considerable Traders in London, and other Parts of Great,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That all the Petitioners, and many other Merchants and Traders, by great Losses and Misfortunes, became Bankrupts, and Commissions were awarded against them, before the Expiration of the Acts, of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts; and they have, in Obedience thereto, surrendered themselves, and discovered and delivered up all their Estates and Effects to the Commissioners, for the Benefit of their Creditors; and several of the Petitioners have obtained such Certificates as the said Acts require; and that the Commissioners now doubt their Authority to make such Certificates, because the said Acts are expired: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, to confirm such Certificates as were made by the said Commissioners before the said Acts expired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Ward, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered.

556 i6° — i

Gloucesster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the "rit Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ele6ting a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the Cottnty of Gloucester, in the room of Matthew Ducy Moreton Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

L ve *f Ordered, That Sir Richard Fowler Baronet have

Absence. Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks; his Father being dead.

Supply. Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read j and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as will discharge the Principal Sun) of Sixty-one thousand Seven hundred Seven Pounds Three Shillings Two Pence, relting unsatisfied upon the Low Wine Act, which expired the Twenty-forth of June One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen, and the Interest thereupon, be granted, to his Majesty for that Purpose.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as will discharge the Principal Sum of Three hundred fourteen thousand Two hundred Nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings Two Pence Farthing, reding unsatisfied upon the Duties on Candles, by the A ft which expired the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen, and the Interest thereupon, be granted to his Majesty for that Purpose.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred seventy-seven thousand Fourteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings One Peny Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of the Supplies which were granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament /

The First and Second Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words; " of which " the Sum of Three hundred Thirty-four thousand Two " hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings One Peny " Three Farthings to be applied towards the discharging " the Debt of the Navy, as it stood the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven-hundred and Sixteen

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon,

' agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Seventy-seven thousand Fourteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings One Peny Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of the Supplies which were granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament; of which the Sum of Three hundred Thirty-four thousand Two hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings One Peny Three Farthings to be applied towards the discharging the Debt of the Navy, as it stood the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

Dutch Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Troops. Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Commissioner of Transports to lay before this House all such Directions as he has received, or given, and such Letters and Papers as are in his Hands, relating to the TransportatioA of the Dutch Troops; and all Accounts and Demands relating to the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

70 Menu A. 1717*

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Seveunight. House.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole RegifteHnj House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige tates‘ Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported "from the Committee that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the IE*I*!rtin? whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Liberty of 11 ,n*B*

exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the B Plantations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord William Rowlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Commis-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sioners for House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, and Anny Debt*, revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 170 die Maii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P r a r e as.

A PETITION of poor insolvent Debtors, Prisoners Debtor?

in the Countyl Gaol of Middlesex in behalf of them- Petition, selves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Prisoners there be, who lie confined at the Suit of One or Tw'O malicious Creditors, contrary to the Desire of the many others they stand indebted to; notwithstanding the y are willing to (trip themselves naked, for Satisfaction; but continue thereby hindered of Improvements, which a convenient Liberty might produce: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County Exporting of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting Bark, forth, That, of late Years, very great Quantities of Oak Bark, peculiar for Tanning of Leather, have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland; to the great Prejudice of the Tanning Trade;'and there hath been great Quantities of Irish Hides imported into Great Britain; and then the Petitioners, having the Addition of such Irish Hides added to their Home-daughter, were in a better Capacity to improve their Trade than now they are in, by reason of the heavy Duty upon Hides and Skins, when tanned; but Ireland paying no Duty; for which Reason, they supply foreign Markets at a much cheaper Rate than they can: And praying, That the Exportation

e

3 Geo. I. .17° Maii. 557

portation of Oak-bark out of Great Britain may be prevented for the future.

A Petition of the Tanners inhabiting in the City of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for some Years past, vast Quantities of Oak-bark have been exported, and still continues to be, from the City of Bristol, and other Parts adjacent, for,

where there are no Duties chargeable on tanned Leather; which have put a Stop to the Importation of Irish Hides and Skins; to the great Detriment, if not the utter Ruin, of the Tanning Trade: And praying Relief in the Premises.

A Petition of the Tanners within the County of Chester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for several Years last past, vast Quantities of Oak-bark has been exported from this Part of the Kingdom to Ireland, and other foreign Parts, where there is no Duties on Hides; to the great Discouragement of the Petitioners: And praying. That the Exportation of Barks may be prohibited, or a Duty to be laid thereon.

A Petition of Tanners, Curriers, and other Workers and Dealers in Leather, in Dalverton, Bampton, Tiverton, South Moulton, Barnstable, Torrington,

Houljworthy, and Stratton, in Part of the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornual, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for several Years past, great Quantities of Oak-bark have been exported from these Parts of the Kingdom into Ireland, and other foreign Parts, where there is no Duties on Hides; and they have not a Sufficiency of Bark left to carry on their Trades; to the manifell Ruin of their Trade in general: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited, or a Duty laid thereon.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Tanners of Hides and Skins, in the ancient Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Years, great Quantities of Bark for the Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to the great Prejudice of the Tanning Trade here; which, if not timely prevented, mult undoubtedly ruin the Tanning Trade, which is One of the chiefest Manufactures: And praying, That the' Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

A Petition of the Tanners in Exeter Collection, in the County of Devon, for and in behalf of themselves, and others of the same Trade, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for several Years past, vast Quantities of Oak-bark having been exported from this Part of the Kingdom into Ireland, and other foreign Parts, where there is no Duty on Hides, that there is not a Sufficiency left to carry on their Trades; to the manifel't Ruin of many poor Families, and to the great Discouragement of the Petitioners: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Tanners of Hides, 8$c. in the City of Hereford, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Year8, great Quantities of Bark for Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to the great Prejudice and Destruction of the Tanning Trade here; which mult undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade, if not timely prevented; and which is One of the chiefest Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

A Petiton of the Tanners, and other Dealers in Leather, within the Corporation of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Towns and Places adjacent in the said County, was read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Oak-bark has been exported from this Port, and other Parts of this Country, into Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, where no Duty on Hides is payable: That they have not al'ufficient.....left to carry on

Vol. 18.

their Trades; to the manifest Ruin of many poor Families: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Tanners of Hides and Skins, 8$c. of Ross, in the County of Herefordon behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, of late Years, great Quantities of Bark for Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to the great Prejudice and Destruction of the Tanning Trade here; which, if not timely prevented, must undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade; which is One of the chiefest Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Tanners, in the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties in the Exercise of their Trade, by reason of the great Quantities of Oak-bark exported from these Parts of Great Britain into Ireland; to the great Prejudice and Destruction of the Tanning Trade here; which, if not timely prevented, must undoubtedly ruin the Tanning Trade: And praying, That the Exportation of Oak may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the fame, as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Earle, Mr. Onslow, Sir Th Mr. Norris, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Clayton, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cudogan, Mr. White, Lord Powlett, Mr. Inge,

Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Dames, Mr. Herne, Mr. Butler,

Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Chetwynd, -Sir

Thomas D'Ath, Sir Richard Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Cater, Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Hill, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Maisters. Mr. Snell, Mr. Law son, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Bladen, Lord She/born, Mr. Drew; and all that serve for the Counties of Surry, Somerset, Hereford, Cornwall, Lancaster, Devon, and Monmouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it bean Instructionto the said Committee, That they do consider the Laws relating to the Felling of Timber at such time only when the Bark will run.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Address, of Yesterday, had been presented to his Majesty, concerning the Di rest ions, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Transportation of the Dutch Troops; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the Commissioner of Transports to lay the said Directions, Letters, and Papers, before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch be added to the Gentlemen who are directed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more ealy passing Sheriffs Accounts.

A Bill to enable Sufauna Catharina Nugent to sue for, recover, and hold, the Portion of Fourteen hundred Pounds provided for her out ofher Father’s Estate, notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry ofher Husband Hyacinthus Nugent Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Treby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Barrington, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Beere, Mr. Broderick, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Wild, Mr. Cater, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Lowther, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Bell, Mr. Petoe, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Sir IVilloifflickman, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Powlett, Mr.

7 C Guibbon,

Exporting

Bark.

Answer to Address.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Nugent's

forfeited

Estate.

17® — 18° Mail. A. 1717*

Guibbon, Sir Nico. Carat, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Skutile-worth. Lord Mokfioorth, Sir Strickland, Mr. Inge,

Mr. White, Lord Shelbourne, Mr. Mr.

Rffwney, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Drew, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lade, Mr. Sir Fisher

Tench, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Mr. Earl, Mr.

Chulmky, Mr. Hopkins, Mr Jessop, Mr. Morgan And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

s*tut*-WOTk A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of

on High way*. merfinuth, in the Parish of Fulham, and in the Parish of

Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; idling forth. That, by an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, all Persons chargeable towards repairing the Highways of any of the respective Parishes, in which the Highway, or Road, intended to be repaired by that A lies, and are obliged, under certain Penalties, to do Three

Days Work in or upon the Highway, or Road, intended

to be repaired by that A3: That the Highway, or Road, thereby intended to be repaired there, lies within the Parish of Fulham only about a Quarter of a Mile; and in the Parish of Kensington not Half a Mile; and those Parts need very little Repairing: That the Three -Days Work, which is Half the Statute-work of the said Hamlet, in lo finall a Part of their Highways, is a very unequal Proportion in respe3 of the rest of the Highways, and dibbles them from maintaining the rest of their Highways: And praying. That some Provision may be made for adjusting the Proportion of the Petitioners Statute-work; and for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ke upon the Table.

Rotherbith An ingrossed Bill to enable the Rector and Parishioners Church. of the Parish of Saint Mary, in the County of Surry, to make Rates* and levy Money, within the said Parish, for finishing the said Parish Church, was read die Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Re3or and Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in die County of Surry, by Rates upon Funerals, to finish the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Onjlcrw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Maans. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account Ibewing the Produce of the Six Pence per Piece upon ail British Linens exported from England between Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen and Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: also, what the Duties, ad valorem, of Irish Linen exported, have produced: and what Hamborough Linens have been re-exported, for the same time; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account Shewing the Quantity, and Duties, of Lint-feed imported into England from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen to Christmas One themiand Seven hundred Fifteen, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refotved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in (he Matter to them retired; and had dire3ed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mbnday Morning 35

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to Ids Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrn3ion to the (hid Committee, That they do consider of that Part of the A3 of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, for Tonage and Poundage, and Merchandize exported, which relates to the laying the Duty of Six Pence per Piece of Forty Ells on Britfit Linen exported; and also of the A3 of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, by which the said Duty is further continued.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Pridcaux, Mr. Chandler, Earl of Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Rmelagh'*

be added to the Committee* to whom the Bill for Sale erf Estate-the late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Chelsea and Crarw borne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, for the Purposes therein mentioned* is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

..... ..... ..... — y-----

Sabbat i, 18" die Matt j

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717,

Pa AYERS.

A PETITION of several Persons whole Names are Exporting the reunto subscribed, Tanners of Hides and Skins, Bark* fyc. in the ancient Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and others, §c. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, of late Years, great Quantities of Bark for Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to the great Prejudice and Dellru3ion of the Tanning Trade there; which, if not timely prevented, mull undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade, which is One of the chiefest Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may he prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coo-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and other Petitions, complaining of the Exporting of Bark, are referred.

A Petition of the several Tanners of Hides and Skins, Ditto. 8gc. within the Corporation of Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Years, great Quantities of Bark for Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to " the great Prejudice of the Tanning Jrade there; which, if not speedily prevented, must undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade, which is One of the principal Manufa3ures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and other Petitions, complaining of the exporting Bark, are referred.

A Petition of the Curriers and Shoemakers in the Ditto. Corporation of Kendall, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, of the Leather Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Englj/h Bark is a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in Leather, who now cannot furniib themselves with sufficient Stocks to carry on their Trade, by reafein the Tanners have not the Benefit of tanning Irish Hides and Skins, as they bad some Years past, when little nr no Bark was exported; which, if not speedily prevented* must undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade: And praying to remove the Cause of this their great Grievance.

Ordered,

3 Geo.T is Matt. 559

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and other Petitions, complaining of Ihe exporting Barlf, are referred.

Exporting A Petition of several Persons, whose Names ere there-Bark. unto subscribed, Tanners of Hides and Skins, Sc. in the City of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and others,

Sc. was presented to the Houfp, and read; setting-forth. That, of late Years, great Quantities of Bark hare been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, and other Places; to the great Prejudice and Destruction of the Tanning Trade there; which, if not timely prevented, must undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade; which is One of the chiefefl; Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying. That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County of , and other Petitions, complaining of the exporting Bark, are referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Tanners of Hides, fife, in the City of Worcester, and County of the lame, and City of Coventry, and Town of Warwick, and County of the lame, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, Sc. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, of late Years, great Quantity of Bark for Tanning of Leather have been, and still is, exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland; to the great Prejudice and Destruction of the Tanning Trade there j which, if not timely prevented, must undoubtedly ruin the Leather Trade, which is One of the chiefefl; Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tanners in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and other Petitions, complaining of the exporting Bark, are referred.

Debtor* A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, pow in the competitions. mon Gaol for the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Losses, and other Misfortunes, are brought info a dose Confinement in the common Gaol aforesaid; and, this Gaol having no Allowance for Debtors, they rely only on the Charity of well-disposed Christians: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of near One hundred insolvent Debtors in his Majesty’6 Gaol for the County of Bedford, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the several Gaols of South Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by great Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement, where they suffer unspeakable Miseries; through which they are daily perjlhing for Want, and not in any Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Sheriff’s Prison, or Ward, in the Parish of St. Thomas the Apostle, in and for the County of Devonf was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are in a most miserable and deplorable Condition; not having any Substance to live upon; and are a starving for want of Food and Necessaries: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 18.

Mr. Grantham, fi’om the Commissioners appointed to Forfeited esquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and Popish Estate*. Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; presented to the House their Report touching the Estates of Traitors, Sc. in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

The said Report is bound tip with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for Safe of the Eftafe of John Stone stop^’f the elder, apd John Stone the younger jp the County of eM*> Sussex, for discharging the Incumbrance? thereon, in r§-spect of the Infancy of one of the Co-heirs, p S(ones the younger; and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein is mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bilj do pass: And that the Title bp.

An Act for Safe of the Estate of John Stone the elder,

and John Stone the younger, in the County of Suffer, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the

Infancy of One of the Co-heirs of Joh the ypunger;

and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein i§

mentioned*

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Hopkins'* the Bill to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, apd Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, granted to him for his Life, was committed.

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Plage; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Birch presented to the House, according Sheriffs to Order, a Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Ac- Acc°Vnt?* counts: And the same was received; and ordered to be read upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Publick That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for examining, Accounts* taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself ipto a Commission-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thp ers for Arm7 Bill to continue and revive, several A6fe therein mentioned, Debts* for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Pebfs due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported, That the Committee had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fuefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the said Rill.

' ' t

Ordered, Thtft Sir Richard Colonel Clandeflin*

Chandler, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smithson, Dr.Paske, Mr. Inge

Mr.

18° — 20° Mali. A. 1717.

Mr. Levinx, Sir Peter Mew, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of the Laws now in being, to prevent clandestine Marriages; and how those Laws may be made more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Monday - Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 200 Matt;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Debtor* A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors in a streight Petition*. and nauseous Gaol, kept at the Town of Rothwell

for the Honour of Pontefract in the County of York unto which said Gaol there is no Allowance towards the Maintenance of poor Debtors; in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by many Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement; where they suffer unspeakable Miseries, and are daily perishing for Want; and not in a Capacity of making Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in Hertford County Gaol, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, through Misfortunes, are reduced, and brought into Confinement; whereby they suffer unspeakable Calamities; and are daily suffering Want; and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Prison of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Losses and Misfortunes, are become the Objects of human Pity, and are daily suffering Want; and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Sheriff* A Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts,

Accounts, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hockley A Petition of William Hartley, Edxvard Road/ Richard Wodell, Thomas Joseph, John Perry, Daniel Gyles, Francis Caves, Thomas Watkins, Thomas Caves, and John Waldern, Creditors for Work done, and Materials found, for amending the Road between , in

the County of Bedford, wad Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, on the behalf of themselves, and divers other like Creditors, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth. That, by an ACk of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fom hill, in the County of Bedjord, and the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, several Powers are thereby granted to the Trustees therein named, for Railing and Borrowing of Money, to be disbursed and laid out in amending the said Roads, according to the Directions of the said Act; it being presumed, that the Toll for the Term granted would have answered the End of the said Act, great Debts were contracted with the Petitioners, for Carriage of Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, from several Places remote from the said Road; but the Monies anting by the Toll were not sufficient to discharge the said Debts: Therefore, to make the said Act more effec-' tual, it was, by another Act, passed in the Eighth Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the said Act for repairing the aforesaid

Road, and several Clauses and Provisoes in the said ACks mentioned: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for amending, and making more effectual, the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bracebridge,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr.

Denton, Mr. London, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cater, Mr. Diston,

Mr. White, Mr. Jejfop, Sir Thomas Wheat, Lord worth, Mr. Neville, Mr. Butler, Mr. Barrington, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Powlett, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Inge, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Atjlabie, Mr.

Mr. Drew, Mr. Lade, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Benson, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Pringle, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr.

Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bristow, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Morice, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chulmley; and all that serve for the

Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Warwic Northampton,

Lancaster, Chester, and Stafford: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Great Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Marlow, fcc. Boroughs of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks-, of *e«,on*-Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset; and of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; be received upon Thursday Morning next

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Malt Duties. House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutie* on House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a lesser Incumbrance j and for redeeming so much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption contained in former Acts of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Way*

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing and Means, the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrefe in the Matter to them referred i and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committal

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 Geo. I.

2i° Mail

Dutch

Troops.

Hopkins’

qualifying for Oilier

Regulating

Rilota.

Earl of Ranelagirs El laic.

Edinburgh City llc-\enut.

Martisj 2i° die Maii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

HE House being informed, That Mr. Coleby, the X Commissioner for Transports, attended;

lie was called in; and, at the- Bar, presented to the House Copies of all Directions received and given, and of all Letters, and other Papers and Accounts, relating to the Transportation of the Dutch Troops, by the Commissioner for Transports, between the Sixteenth of November One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen and the Nineteenth of September One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen: And also,

An Account of the Transport-charge in forwarding the Dutc'h Troops, taken into his Majesty’s Service during the late Rebellion, to Leith, upon their landing at wich, Yarmouth, and Hull, in November One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen: And also,

An Account of the whole Charge of the Transportation of the Dutch Troops, taken into his Majesty’s Service during the late Rebellion, back to Holland, in June and July One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Copies and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingross’ed Bill to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire the Oaths for the due Execution

of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, granted to him for his Life, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Esquire the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of Dublin, granted to him for his Life.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholnilcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tlx ir Concurrence.

Admiral Aylmer py efented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Concluding of Ships and' Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of 'Thames and Medway: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Margaret Countess of Ranelagh was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill noev depending before this House, intituled, A Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelag/is Estate at

Chelfcaand Cranborne, in the Counties of and

Berks; and, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, it would very much prejudice the Petitioner: And praying, That die may be heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Chelsea and Cran-

borne, in the Counties of Miand Berks, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, before the Committee, by her Counsel, if die shall think fit.

Sir George Warrcnder reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves, Vo L. 18.

561

and the Community of the said City, was referred, the Matter of Fast, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, the 13th of May instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and find,

That, in the Year 1693, the publick Debt of the City of Edinburgh amounted to the Sum of 82,913/. 16$. gftf.; and that, by an Act of Parliament passed in Scotland, the 13th June 1693, a Duty of Two Penies Scots is laid upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, and fold, within the Town of , Suburbs

and Liberties thereof, to be paid to the Magistrates, for a Term not exceeding Thirty Years, to commence on the ift Day of July 1693; which Duty is appropriated for Payment as well of the Interest of the Debt aforesaid, as of the principal Sum due from the said Town, for the Term of Three Years j and, after the Expiration of the Term of Three Years, the same is appropriated for the Payment of the principal Debt only; and then the Interest of the said Debt, by that Act, is directed to be paid out of the other Revenues of the Town, and not out of the Duty arising by the said Act:

And, out of the said Duty, the Sum of Two thousand Marks Scots per Annum is, by that A Cl, to be paid to the French Ministers, during the Perfection, and

Continuance of the said Duty, and no longer

That, by an Account produced to the Committee, it appeared, that the gross Produce of the Duty arising by the said A Cl, between the ift of July 1693, and the ift July 1710, amounted only to the Sum of 7(1,511 0;

and that the Duty, arising during the remaining 13 Years of the said Term, was farmed towards discharging a Debt 45,5831- 6$. 8 d.with the Interest due, and growing due, for the same:

That the said Act, restraining the Magistrates of the Town from applying any more of that Duty towards discharging the Interest of the said Debt of 82,913/. 165. than what should ariie in die Three First Years, did put the Town under a Necessity of borrowing Money to discharge such Into eft as should become due for the said Debt after the lirft Three Years; the whole Produce of that Duty not being equal to the annual Interest of the First Debt.

That, by another Account produced to the Committee, it appeared, that the whole Revenue of the Town, exclusive of the Duty aforesaid, between Michaelmas 1699 and Michaelmas £. s. d. 1706, amounted to- - 43,772 4 1

And, between Michaelmas 1706 and Michaelmas 1713, to ... 38,760 14 1

And, in the Years 1713, 1714, amounted to - - - 10,330 4 10

So, upon comparing the Accounts, it appears, That there has been a gradual Decrealc of the Revenue of the Town since the Union; and that the Difference between the annual Revenue at the Union, and in the Year 1715, hath been ----- 1,088 1 i{

That the Committee called Mr. George Irvin: Who said, He had examined the Accounts produced to the Committee; and that the fume w ere true, and ligned by. the Accountant General: He further said, That the publick Works, in regard they had been much neglected many Years, would cost a very considerable Sum of Money to repair them as they ought to be; and that it was abl’olutely necessary to inlarge the Harbour of Leith, and deepen the Chanel thereof; and also to build and endow Two new Churches, and a Work-house for the Poor of the said Town.

That it also appeared to the Committee, That the Trade of the City, and its Suburbs, is very much decayed since the Year 1707, the Time of the Union, for want of the

7 D usual

562 21° Matt. . 1717.

usual Concourse of the Nobility and Gentry, which came there by reason of the Parliament, Privy Council, and Treasury j and thereby all the Branches of the Revenue are diminished, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Town are reduced to Poverty:

That, by reason of the late unnatural Rebellion, the said Town borrowed, for Defending and Support of the fame, exclusive of what was laid out by Order of the Publick, the Sum of 3,boo I.; which is still a Debt upon the Town.

That, upon Examination of the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That the said City is greatly in Debt; and that the Deficiency of the publick Revenue will inevitably increase the fame; and if the Works aforesaid, which have been long neglected, should be carried on, the whole Debt of the said Town will, on the lft Day of July 1723, when the Duty aforesaid expires, by Efti-mation, amount to 60,236 I. 5 8 d.; which Debt can-

not be paid off by the Town, unless tire Term in the said Duty be prolonged, or that some other Provision be made for discharging the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Ooe-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or told within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City: And that Sir George Wa and Mr. Daniel bell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duty on loft A Petition of John Fletcher was presented to the House,

Salt- and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner did, in November 1712, load on board the Salmon of Belfast, Alexander Mackeny Master, in the Kingdom of Ireland, 1,040 Bushels of white Salt, in the Port of Chester; the Duty of which amounted to 173/. 6 s. 8 The laid Ship, in her Voyage, met with a violent Storm, which forced her on Shore in the said Kingdom of Ireland; whereby the said Ship, Salt, and Crew, were loft, except one Man and a Boy; and the Petitioner having no Notice of the Lots of the said Ship within the Time allowed by Law: and is deprived of the Relief the Law provides in such Cases: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mr.

Sir John Norris, Sir lien. Iloghton, Mr. Mr.

London, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Hem, Lord Powlett, Mr. Heath, Mr. Bar. Shute, Mr. Lade, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lxnvther, Mr.

Mr. Baily, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Cater, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. , Sir Richard Mr. Campbell, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Bristow, Sir Geo. Warrender, Mr. Smith, Mr. Carter, Mr. , Mr.

Morice, Mr. Serjeant Pengelly, Mr. Inge, Mr. ley: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Commissioners for the Salt-duty, before they make -their Report

Mi net lead Ordered, That Mr. Zachary Baily, Mr. John,

IkU&ion. Benjamin Boston, Hugh Prole, William Ring, wad John Pitt, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, when the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of the County of Somerset are to attend this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do bring with him. Tomorrow Morning, the Returns to this Parliament for the County of Somerset.

Ditto A Petition of George Spedke Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Alcombe, in the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner its informed, that John it

Jones and George James have declared themselves to be Constables of the Borough aforesaid: That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor and Tything of Alcombe, which is a considerable Part of the said Borough; and the Inhabitants, being Pot-boilers, have always voted at all Elec- , tions: That the said Constables have no Authority in any Part of the said Manor belonging to the Petitioner; but the Tythingman, chosen in the said Manor, is the only proper Officer there; And praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, before any Resolution be made.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Debtors, Prisoners in Debtoi* his Majesty’s Gaol at the Cattle of Fork, on behalf of Petition, themselves, and their Fellow-sufferers in the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners are in close Confine- , ment, without any Benefit or Liberty of Rules; an'd are reduced to such extreme Poverty, That they are utterly disabled to satisfy their just Debts, for which they are confined: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Infnlvtnt Relief of insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols Debtor*, of this Kingdom: And that Sir IVdliam Laid her, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chelny mi, Mr. Carter, and Mr. Brace-bridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Ward presented to the House, according to bankrupt* Order, a Bill to impower Commissioners in Commissions Certibcau*. of Bankrupts issued since the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Six, and before the Twenty-sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and the Lord Chancellor, Ixird Keeper, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Two Judges, to confirm the fame; notwithstanding the Acts of the Fourth and Fifth, and the Fifth, of the late Queen, are expired: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Thomas Len is Esquire, Knight of the Leave of Shire for the County of Monmouth, have Leave to go to Absence. the Bath, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Officers of the Two British Regiments Regiment* of Foot, commanded by Brigadier James Douglas, and diiiianded Sir James Wood, late in the Service of the States General, of the United Provinces, was prefeiried to the House, and c*’ read; setting forth, That the said Regiments were levied in Scotland in the Years 1687 and t.688, and sent to Flan-

ders on the English Establishment; whereon they continued till after the Peace of Ryswick; being then ordered by his late Majesty King William into the Service of the States General: That, when the Dutch Blue Guards were sent out of England, the said Regiments were dismissed by the States, tind brought home to Scotland: That, upon Appearance of a War, after the Decease of the late King of Spain, the States demanding Assistance, King William was pleased again to order the said Two Regiments into the States Service: That, after-their long and faithful Services, they were dtfbanded by the States in April latt, in Circuiristances so necessitous, that several of their Officers are forced to reipain in Holland, for want of Money to pay for transporting them into their native Country: And praying, That, in Consideration of their long and faithful Services, some Provision may be made for them.

Mr. Craggs, Secretary at War, acquainted the House,

That, the Petitioners same having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint the House, That he was willing the Petitioners should have such Relief as this House shall think fit.

llefolved, That an hnmble Address be presented to his Majesty, that be will be graciously pleased to give

Direi51iors,

butch

Troops.

Bcgiftering

PapifU

lilUtts.

Exporting Irish Lipen.

Commission-trs for Army Eebts.

3 Geo. I. '2l0 — 22°

Directions, That a List of the Officers of the late Regiments of Foot, commanded by Brigadier Joints Douglas, and Sir James Wood, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by fitch Members of this House us are of Iris Majesty’s most honourable Privy CounciU

Resolved, That an humble Add rest be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the Particulars of the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Six Pounds Twelve Shillings Eight Pence, with Copies of the Vouchers and Authorities for paying the fame, charged for bringing the Six thousand Dutch Troops from their respective Garisons to Osteud, in order to embark for Great Britain, at the time of the late Rebellion,

Resolved, That an humble Addrest be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of the Particulars of the Sum of Nine hundred Ninety-two Pounds Three Shillings Six Pence, with Copies of the Vouchers and Authorities for paying the fame, for Tents, Sacks, and other Necessaries, laid to be delivered to the said Six thousand Dutch Forces.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Copies of all Contracts made for transporting the said Troops to Great Britain; and Copies of all Vouchers and Authorities for paying any Sums of Money relating to the fame; may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Iris Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of all Bills of Exchange drawn from abroad upon the respective Offices of Great Britain in the Years One thousand Seven hundred Fifteen, and One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, for or on account of the late Rebellion.

Ordered, That the said AddfetTes be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for inlarging the Time for such Ilegiftering.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at One of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Linen Cloth to the British Plantations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in older to make out Debentures for the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.,

Vol. 18.

Mercurii, 2 2® die Mali \

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717*

Prayers.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors in the Gaol T>ebtorl hi the County of Leicester, in behalf of themselves, Pet*uonl. and many Thou lands more in the respective Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, by Ixiffes and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement, where they fuflfer unspeakable Miseries; through which they are daily perishing for Want, and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor hifolvent Debtors and Prisoners In his Majesty’s Gaol in the Castle of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, most of them, confined for very finall Debts; and are ready and willing to resign up all their Estate and Eft’cCfcs to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablet

A Petition of Joseph Boone and Richard Colony of

Agents from the Commons House of Assembly of the Carolina. Colony of South Carolina, in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, did grant to Edxcard Earl of Clarendon, then Lord Chancellor

of England, and others, their Heirs and Assigns, the Province of Carolina, as a County Palatine, in common Soc-cage, under the yearly Rent of Twenty Marks; and di<i thereby constitute them absolute Proprietors of the said Province; with Powers to build Forts, and raise and exercise armed Men, to defend themselves against the barbarous Nation of the Indians: That, upon the Encouragement given in the said Charters, divCrs Families of Merchants, and others, trailIported themselves to the said Province, and there settled, and expended great Sums of

Money in planting and strengthening the said.....and have carried on a great Trade from thence to Great Britain; to the great Improvement of his Majesty’s Customs and Revenues: That, about Two Years since, the Indians came down, in great Multitudes, upon his Majesty s Subjects inhabiting in the said Colony, and invaded the fame, and killed great N umbers of the Planters, and other Inhabitants thereof.; and have, ever since that time, by the Instigation of the French and Spaniards, continued a barbarous and bloody War against the Inhabitants thereof:

That the said Colony produceth great Quantities of valuable Commodities, and also all Naval Stores; lb that, if the said Province should be overcome by the Indians, it would not only be a great Loss to his Majesty, his Cuf-lonis and Revenues, arising from the Trade of the said Colony; but will also, in time, tend to the Prejudice and Ruin of many other of his Majesty’s Colonies on the Continent of America: And praying, That the....

deplorable State of the said Colony into Confederation, and give them Relief therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Way* of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Mean*, and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

That they do consider the Laws for laying Duties upon Lint-feed imported into this Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Minehead House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the RetttrM‘

Borough

564

22° — 23® Mail.

.1717.

Borough of Minehead, and with the other Returns, with Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Ad-which he was ordered to attend this Day. dresses of Tuesday last, That a List of the Officers of the

Ordered, That the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of Regiments commanded by Brigadier James Douglas, and

Answer t»

Addrefi.

the County of Somerset do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this- House Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir James Wood; and for several Accounts and Vouchers relating to the Six thousand Dutch Troops; have been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, That the said Life, Account, and Vouchers, be laid before this House.

The House being informed, That the Collectors of the Royston Tpll upon the Road between in the County of ft®"1 ’loU*'

Hertford, and Wandisford Bridge, in the County of Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Huntingdon, attended;

i I A 4 1 X A / ’ 'a.- Mm LL. a I A U

Supply Bill;

Malt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Duties on Houses.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a lesser Incumbrance; and for redeeming so much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption contained in former Acts of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 230 die Mali;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Debtors Petition.

Prayers.

A PETITION of divers Gentlemen, Merchants, great Traders, and others, on behalf of themselves, and such others, insolvent Debtors, now Prisoners in the City Gaol of Norwich, and County of the fame, for Debt, and have been for several Years last past, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by many great County of Somerset;

They were called in; and presented to the House a Book of Orders, and several Accounts, relating to the said Toll.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Book, and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Book, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Book, and Accounts, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducing of Ships and Vessels from . Deal and the Isle of 1'hanet, upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mr. Heysham, Mr. Morice, Lord Castlecomer, Sir

Daines , Mr. Bacon, Lord Mr. Godfrey,

Mr. Barrington, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lade, Sir IVagcr, Mr. Yonge, Mr. TuffSir Geo. Sir Thomas Le$, Mr. Bcnfon, Mr. Gibbon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. O/ifow, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Norris, Lord Hertford, Mr. Heme; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffix, and the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the H ighways from that Part of -

bridge, which lies in the Parish oiKenfngton, in the County of Middlefev, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Craiford-bridge, in the Road to Colnebrooke, in the said County, was committed; and to whom Two Petitions against the said Bill were referred; acquainted the House, That the Committee appointed a Time to hear the Petitioners; but that they did not think lit to attend at the Time appointed, or prosecute their Petitions; and that thereupon, the Committee proceeded upon the Bill, and made several Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the Return for the Borough of in the

Regulating

Pilots.

Kenfin^toa

Koaife

Minehead

Elediou.

Losses, and unforeseen Accidents, the Petitioners became insolvent; and that their Misfortunes have, in a great measure, been owing to the inevitable Consequences of the War: And praying, That a more extensive Act, than the late Act of Parliament, for Relief of insolvent Debtors may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Edinburgh

City

He venue.

The Indenture of Return of Mr. Edwin and Mr. Gage, annexed to the Writ, and returned by the High Sheriff to the Clerk of the Crown, dated the Eleventh of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, per bur-genfes et eleSlores burgi, was read:

The Sheriff ’s Receipt for the Writ, dated the Fifth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, in- , the Writ, was read; and also his Return

dorsed upon the Writ, was Sir George Warrender presented to the House, accord- indorsed per ing to Order, the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Then Joseph Esquire, the High Sheriff, was

Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on called in; and delivered in the Receipt, dated the Sixth every Pint of Ale and Beer that flia.ll be vended or sold of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen,

within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

which his Messenger took upon the Delivery of the Precept, signed John Jones Constable: Which Receipt was read.

And then the said Mr. Brawn withdrew.

Then

3 Geo. I. 230 — 34° Mail.

Then John Jones, One of the Constables of the said Borough, was called in; who produced Two Precepts, with Receipts indorsed thereupon; and Two Indentures of Return: Which were read.

And then the said John Jones withdrew.

The First Precept was directed bur gens' et eleSlor; dated Fifth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen:

The Receipt indorsed thereupon, dated Sixth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, per John Jones Constable:

The Return, dated the Eleventh of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, per et

communicat' burgi.

The Second Precept was directed bur gens' et elcQor'; dated Fifth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen:

The Receipt indorsed, dated Ninth of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, per John Jones:

The Return, dated Eleventh April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, per burgcns' et burgi.

And the said Mr. Brown the High Sheriff, Mr. Gold-fineh the Under Sheriff', the said John Jones, and Mr. Blake, One of the Burgesses, were severally called in; and examined: Upon whole Evidence it appeared, That the High Sheriff lent Two Precepts to the Borough, both dated the same Day, and directed to the Burgesses and Electors; with Orders to deliver the same to the Constables; and that the Occasion of fending the Second Precept was, for fear there might be a Mistake in the First; which had been made out by a Clerk, in the Absence of the Under Sheriff:

And also, that the Sitting Members, as loon as they had polled all they could poll, withdrew from the Court to Mr. Blake's, a private House; and there the Poll was call up, as it stood when the Sitting Members withdrew; and, upon such Casting-up, it appeared that the Sitting Members had the Majority: Upon which, such of the Burgesses as withdrew from the Court with the Sitting Members, made a Return of the Sitting Members; and immediately dispatched the same to the High Sheriff.

That the Constables went on with the Poll for a considerable Time after the Sitting Members were withdrawn; and then the Books were doled; and, upon casting up the Poll, it appeared, that Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Milner had the Majority; and the Constables made a Return of Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Milner accordingly; which Return they.sent to the High Sheriff; but the High Sheriff refilled to receive the said Return, because he had. Twenty-four Hours before that Return came to his Hands, returned the other to the Clerk of the Crown: And that no Precept was annexed to either of the said Returns.

After the said Witnesses had been examined; and they had been withdrawn.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

The I louse divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f ^r* Eowge, tellers tortne ieas,^Mr

120,

Tellers for the Noes,^1^/^ 0^ ] 189.

So it passed in the Negative.

Refived, That the Indenture, signed by the Burgesses of Minehead, in Return to the Sheriff of the County of Somerset's Precept for electing Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, not being signed by John Jones, One of the said Burgesses, to whom the said Sheriff caused his Precept to be delivered, is an undue and insufficient Return.

Resolved, That the Indenture, ligned by the said John Jones, and other Burgesses of the said Borough of Mine-head, and which w as tendered to the said Sheriff, is a due and sufficient Return.

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off from the Writ the Indenture signed by the Burgesses of the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, which is not signed by John Jones, One of the said Burgesses, to whom the Sheriff caused his Precept to be delivered.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Somerset do receive, and annex to the Writ, the Indenture li gne by John Jones, and others of the Burgesses of the said Borough of Minehead.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of John Jones and George James, Constables of the Borough of Mine-head, in the County of Somerset, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of George Speake Esquire, Lord of the Manor of in the said

Borough of Minehead, be heard at the same time.

Ordered, That Samuel Edwyn Esquire, and Thomas Gage Esquire, have Liberty to petition this House, in relation to the EleCiion for the said Borough of Minehead, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned c®*’ °Jj until this Day Sevennight. ou e‘

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Great Mar-Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks; of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset; and Leominster, in the County of Hereford; be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners ap- Forfeited pointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and E,tates‘ of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of Rut-settling the Estates of the most noble Duke of Rut-land, and John Manners Esquire, commonly called Mar- Granby’s quis of Granby. Son and Heir apparent to the said Duke, Estate. on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of the Right honourable Robert Lord Lexington; and also for veiling the Estates of the said Robert Lord Lexington, and Bridget Sutton therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for the Marriage-portion of the said Bridget Sutton: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 dieMaii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That the Books and Accounts relating Royftou to the Toll upon the Road between Royston, in the Ro"d Toll. County of Hertford, and JFandisford-bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grantham, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Strickland, Mr. Hangerford, Mr. Bromley, Sir Turner, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Juongueville, Mr. thwaite, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Serjeant Pingelly, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. tVyld, Sir John Rogers, General Wade, Mr. Jessop,

Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Richard Gough, Mr.

7 E Herne,

Nugent’s

Forfeited

Estate.

Puke of Rutland's and Marquis of Granby’s Litates.

Dutch

Troops.

Ways and Means.

240 Mail. A. 1717.

Herne, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Mr.

Mr. /w«e, Mr. Chiswell, Mr. Sir Robert

JDavers, Mr. Yonge, Mr. W, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Bracebridge, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. Bigg, Lord IVm. Powlett, Mr. Mor and all that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Lincoln, York, Durham, Cambridge, Northumberland, and Nottingham: And they ore to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Strickland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Susanna Catharina Nugent to sue for, recover, and hold, the Portion, of Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father’s Estate, notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry of her Hatband Hya-cinthus Nugent Esquire, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the most noble John Duke of Rutland, and John Manners Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Granby, Son and Heir apparent to the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of the Right honourable Robert Lord and all'o for

veiling the Estates of the said Lord Lexington, and

Bridget Sutton, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for the Marriage-portion of the said Bridget Sutton; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order, That such Directions as were sent to his Ministers in and their Answers, as far as they relate to the Expence of the Dutch Troops, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Add rets be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlklcr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. S|)eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That the South Sea Company, and the Bank of England, having laid before the Committee several Proposals relating to the redeemable Funds, the Committee had taken the same into Consideration; and had come to several Resolutions upon the said Proposals; and had also considered the Laws relating to the Duty of Six Pence per Piece on British Linen exported; and the Duties on Lint-feed imported; and had come to several Resolutions in relation thereunto; all which Resolutions, with the said Proposals, they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevcnnight.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

22

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the RegiAering whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act at*’ to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; w'as committed; be now received.

Mr. Conyers accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and feme of them were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another of the said Amendments, viz. for filling up the Blank in the Bill, Fol. 7. L. 6, was read a Second time, for laying a Penalty upon all Persons wilfully neglecting, or refilling, to register their Names and Estates, within the Time limited, or committing any Fraud in such Registry: Which Amendment is thus: " To for-

" feit such Estate and Interest as he, Hie, they, or any " of them, or any Trustees for his, her or their, Benefit " at the time of such Default, or Fraud in registering,

"have in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" not registered, or fraudulently registered:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said 1

Amendment;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow,

Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Bill, the w hole House, to w hom the Bill for charging, and con- -Malt Dutw*. tinuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, is committed, That they have a Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an lultruciion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets or Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for dividing entire Annuity Orders, with the Consent and Agreement of the Persons w ho have separate Interests therein.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent Frauds in importing Ilair-powacr, or other Powder which will serve for the liune.Uies as Starch, imported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for explaining l'ome Doubts in the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Queen Anne, for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, so far as the said Acts relate to Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins used by Glovers, and which are first steeped in the Tanners Wooze, and afterwards tawed, or drafted, in Alum and Salt, or Meal.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply Bill; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties on upon the Bill lor redeeming the Duties on Houses, and Houses* charging the same with a lesser Incumbrance; and for redenuing so much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bills; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption contained in former Acts of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And

Debtors Petitions.

Insolvent Debtors.

Dumfries Church, &c.

Sheriff*

Accounts.

3 Geo. I. 1$° Matt, 56j

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die Maii\

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the.insolvent Debtors in the County Gaol of Salop, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are brought into Confinement; where they are daily perishing for Want, and not in a Condition to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the County Gaol of Cumberland, in the City of in the said County,

on behalf of them!' Ives, and many Thousands more in the respefitive Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are brought into Confinement; where they are daily perishing lor Want, and not in a Condition to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowtherbe added to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols of this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Magistrates, and remanent Members, of the Town Council of Dumfries in Scotland, for themselves, and in the Name of the whole Inhabitants of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, from their hearty Affection to the Government during the Time of the unnatural Rebellion, have been at great Charge in procuring and giving Intelligence to and from the South and North Parts of the Kingdom; in fortifying this Town, and providing great Quantities of Arms and Ammunition; besides what they have been at by a great many extraordinary Contingences; whereby the publick Stock of this borough is very much funk: That this Borough hath but One Church, wherein not above Half of the Parishioners can be accommodated the time of Divine Worship, and they altogether unable to build another: That they a long time endeavoured, with great Industry, to carry on a good Trade, notwithstanding the Want of any convenient Harbour: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to pay the Debts contrasted for his Majesty’s Service; to build a Church; and to make a convenient Harbour, or Dock, at Dumfries, for the Encouragement of Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Young, Sir John Earle, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Carpen-

ter, Sir Robert Corbet, Sir Bryan Broughton, Mr. jVending, Mr. Wyld, Sir Harry Bunbury, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Milkier, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bristau', Serjeant Birch, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Baily, Mr. Inge, Mr. Larvfon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Bladen, Lord Win. P owlet, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Benson, Mr and all that serve

for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more easy pufling Sheriffs Accounts was read a Second time.

Vox.. IS.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Jeffbp, Mr. Wyld, Mr. son, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Jennings, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Strickland, Sir JVm. Thompson, Sir Jof.Jc-hyll, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir Win. John/onMr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Wm. Pou/ct, Mr. Tren-chard, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Serjeant Pingelly, Mr. Papillon, Sir Thomas Hamner, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Chalmady, Mr. De-

lava ll, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Wefphalin, the Earl of Hertjoi'd, Mr. Paxclett, Si Crojfe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Diston, Mr. Evelyn; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Ad- Answer t* dress of Yesterday, That such Directions as were sent to Address-his Majesty’s Ministers in Holland, and their Answers, as far as they relate to the Expence of the Dutch Troops may be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty has been pleased to give Orders for the said Directions, and Answers, to be laid before the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr.

Broioning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wear for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, Navigation, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, w ithout any Amendment.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An simte’s Act to enable John Barrington, alias Shutc, Esquire, and Name, his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased, w'ithout any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Fulford’s enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other Mate.

Sons, to put in Execution the Powers of granting Leases, given by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Kensington into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Roads> whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters-bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlefe.v,to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines; and to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to Colncbrooke, in the said County; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 'with Amendments to foine of them, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Onslow reported, from the Committee, to whom Exporting several Petitions, complaining of the Exportation of Bark, Bark-were referred, the Matter, as it appealed to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, according to the Order of the House, of the 17th of this instant have examined

the Allegations contained in the Petitions from Southwark, Bristol, and Chester;and do find,

‘ That, upon the Examination of Eaton, and

others, great Prejudices arise to the Tanning-trade of this Kingdom, by reason of the vast Quantities of Oak-bark of late Years exported from Great Britain to Ireland:

That

5*8

*5 — 27

That lOoTonof Bark will tan about 4,000 which Number of Hided, when taftned here, will pay 600l. Duty to the Government: k That there is not a sufficient Quantity of Bark of the Growth of Ireland to tan lo many Hides as they now do: That, by such Exportation of Bark, the Importation of raw Hides diminilhes; for that, now, the vast Quantities of raw Hides that annually used to be brought into this Kingdom, and tanned here, are mostly manufactured therewith the Bark they have from Great Britain:

Toni. Cwt. Qrv

That, by an attested Account, deli-A vered in to the Committee, it appeared, f that, in the Year 1714, there was export-f ed from Chepstow to Ireland, of Bark, but}

In the Year 1715, from the said Port And, in 1716, the Exportation-) amounted to - - - - -i

That, in the Year 1713, there was exported, from Lancaster to Ireland, above 16,000 Quarters of Bark:

Mdii.

A. 1717.

48 o o

270 o o

271 10 o

That, by another Account of Bark "I exported from Bristol to Ireland, thef Committee find, from December 25th f 1703, to Decembet' 25th 1709, but -3 And from the 25th December 1709)

to the 25th December 1710 From December25th 1710,

cember 25th 1711 -

From December 25th 1711, cember25 th 1712 From December 25th 1712, cember 25th 1713 -

From December 25th 1713, cember 25th 1714 -

From December 25th 1714, cember 25th 1715 -

From December 25th 1715, cember 25th 1716

to

to

to

Dc-\ De-'s

De-1 to De-~l to De- to Z)e,

Tons. Cwt. Qrs.

33 to O

75 »9 o

42 4

32 19 0 69 18 o

77 5 0

116 10 o 319 18 o

That, in the Year 1705, the Number of raw Hides imported from Ireland to the Port of Bristol did amount to - - 23,837

And, including Three Years together, viz. from the 25th of December 1710, to the 25th of December 1713, the whole Number was in all but - -

The Difference

7,9i

15,927

Rtgifterins

Rapids

Estate*.

That, by Account from Chester, and other Places, it further appeared to the Committee, That the Exportation of Bark annually increases; and that the Importation of raw Hides daily diminilhes; to the great Prejudice, not only of the Petitioners, but of his Majesty’s Revenue in particular, and the Tanning-trade of this Kingdom in general.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of Bark, for a Time therein to be 1 mited;

It passed in the Negative.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Amendment to the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering:

And the said Amendment was, with an Amendment made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " to-be sued for, and recovered, as by the said " former Act is directed," upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, added by the said Committee, was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

66.

45-

Clause B being read a Second time, That no Sale of any Estate, by any Person heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, to and for any Protestant Purchaser, and only for the Benefit of Protestants, shall be avoided by reason of any Disabilities of any of the Persons making, or joining in, such Sale;

The same was amended:

And then another Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out these Words, " heretofore " made, or:"

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Noes, j Mr^CmwittyT'}

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That nothing in the Act shall extend to make good any Sale, or Mortgage, to any Papist, or to any Person claiming under him or her, in any same where any Protestant shall have commenced any Suit to let aside such Sale, or Mortgage:

And the said Clause was once read with Blanks:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Clause was read a Second time; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent fraudulent Trusts in Protestants for the Use of Papists:

And the same was once read:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Exporting night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Irish Lintr, upon the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations.

Debts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Commission. next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ers for Army to consider further of the Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 270 die Maii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other Sons, to put in Execution the Powers of granting Leases, (m en by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulf ord Esquire, deceased, was read the First time. Refblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Roger Stafford Esquire was presented to

the

Fulford*

Eltaie.

Stafford's

Name-

3 Geo. I. 2° Mail. $69

the House, and road; felting forth, That Roger combe, late of Combe, in the Parish of Roborough, in the County of Devon, did, by his last Will and Testament, direct, That an Act of Parliament should, if possible, be procured for changing the Petitioner's N amc of Stafford to that oUf 'o/locombe; and that then the Trustees in the said Will named should stand feifed of the Premises in the Will mentioned, in Trust, for the Use of the Petitioner, for the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder to the Petitioner’s First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; with divers other Remainders over: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill to confirm and lettle the Name of Wollocomb to and upon the Petitioner, and his Issue Male.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

El ford and Mr. Drew do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Edinburgh A Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, City Re- or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended, or fold, within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo.

Warrender, Sir James Campbell, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. England, Sir Thomas Johnson, Sir Mr. Bar-

rington, Mr. Grant, Sir Richard Gough, Sir nter, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir Richard FarMr. Jef'up,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. IngramMr. Wynn, Mr. Biace, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Hampden, Lord Win. Rowlett, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. White, Sir Mr. Serjeant Birch,

Mr. Wefphalin; and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bankrupts A Bill to impower Commissioners in Commissions of Certificates. J3anj(rupts jiffied since the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Six, and before the Twenty-sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Two Judges, to confirm the fame; notwithstanding the Acts of the Fourth and Fifth, and the Fifth, of the late Queen, are expired; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Lade, Sir Thomas Hanmcr, Lord Win. Mr. Hutcheson, Mr.

Earl, Mr. Drew, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

Weaver, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Bond, Sir Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Docknnnique, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Inge, Mr. Bracebriuge, Mr. Heme, Mr. London, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Lawson, Mr Mr. Serjeant Rey-

nolds, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Thomas Crojfe, Mr. Diston, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Norris, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Williams, Mr.

Hardress, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Allen-son, Mr. Coventry; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dufy on Mr. Norris reported, from the Committee, to whom Loft Salt, the Petition of John Fletcher was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, the Committee having examined the Allegations of the Petition, it appeared, That the Petitioner did, on or about lOthDayof November 1712, put on board the Ship called the Salmon of Belfast, 1,040 Buthels of white Salt; and, in the said Voyage, the said Ship and Cargo, and all the Crew, except one Man and a Boy, were loft in a violent Storm; and the Exporter, not having Notice Vol. 18.

thereof in due time, could not make Proof of the Lots of the said Salt within the Time limited by an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty; which enacted, where any Salt, or Rock-salt, ffiip-ped in order for Exportation to Ireland, and the same should perish by Sinking; in l'uch case, the Exporter of such Salt so perilliing, or loft, should, upon Proof made of the Loss of such Salt, receive a Certificate from the Justices of Peace; and, upon producing such Certificate to the Officer of the Place where the said Duty should have been paid, or secured, such Security should be discharged; or so much Money as was actually paid for the Duty of such Salt, should be repaid, upon Demand; provided such Proof be made within Six Months after such Lots:

That the Commissioners for managing the Salt-duties attended the Committee; and said, That the Petitioner did make Application to their Board, in order to be relieved for to much Duty as had been paid, or secured, for the Salt so loft; but the Commissioners had no Power to give the Petitioner any Relief, because the Petitioner had elapsed the Time limited by the said Act of Parliament; which provides. That the Proof of such Loss be made within Six Months: But they had no other Objection against the Petitioner’s being relieved, by giving him a further Time of Six Months, to make legal Proof of the Loss of the said Salt.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sheriffs the better enabling Sheriff's to sue out their Patents, and Patent®» &c* pals their Accounts: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Jessop, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Collection Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the of T*ndw-poor Clergy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That her late Majesty Queen Anne, in her Royal Bounty to the poor Clergy of the Church of England, and pursuant to an Act of Parliament palfed in the Second Year of her Reign, did, by her Letters Patents, confiitute the Petitioners one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, and did grant to the Petitioners, the said Governors, all the Revenues of the First-ffuits and Tenths of the Clergy; upon the Trusts in the said Letters Patents mentioned, and of the Benefit of such poor Clergy: Therefore, that the poor Clergy may, with greater Advantage, receive the Benefit of the said Bounty, and the Petitioners may be better enabled to execute the 'Fruits reposed in them: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better collecting and levying the said Revenue, called The perpetual yearly Tenths.

Several Sections in the Act, of VIII. intituled, The Bill for the First fruits, with the yearly Pensions to the King, were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better collecting and levying the Revenue called The perpetual and yearly Tenths: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ward, and Sir William Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ferguson reported, from the Committee, to whom Dumfries the Petition of the Magistrates, and remanent Members Church, Uc. of the Town Council, of Dumfries, in Scotland, for themselves, and in the Name of the whole Inhabitants of the fame, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, according to the Order of the House, of the 25th May instant, have examined the Allegations of the said Petition; and do find,

7 F That,

lUgiftaifig

Pap i Its Estates*

Regiments disbanded from Dutch Service.

Northumberland

Election.

57°

270 — -30° Mail A. 1717.

That, upon the Examination of Major Campbell, and others, the Town during the time of the Rebellion, exerted themselves to the utmost of their Powers to maintain near 3,000 Men; and that they made several Fortifications for the Defence of the Town; and were at other great Expences in preserving themselves from the Rebels.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Examination of Mr. IV right, and others, That there is but One Church in the said Town; and that the same will not contain above One-half of the Parishioners thereof:

And that it is necessary, for carrying on the Trade of the said Town, that a convenient Harbour be made.

That, upon Examination of the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That the publick Debt9 of the said Town are very much increased; and that it is necessary to have another Church built, and a Harbour made for the Encouragement of Trade; which the said Town will not be able to accomplish, without some Fund for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Doty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof for building a Church, and making a Harbour; and for paying the Debts of the said Town, contracted for the publick Service: And that Mr. Fer-gufon, and Sir William Johnstoun, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause offered to be added to the Bill, for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for inlarging the Time for such Registering:

And the said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the A ftlhall extend to the Registering of Estates bona fide purchased of Papists by Protestants, and for the sole Use of Protestants, for a valuable Consideration:

And the same was twice read, and amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BilL

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Registry of the Name and Estate of the Person lb obliged to register, entered, in the manner by the Act prescribed, by the Person himself, or his Attorney, lawfully authorized thereto by a Warrant of Attorney under his Hand and Seal, executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, shall be a sufficient Entry and Registry thereof; although the Witnesses to such Letter of Attorney are not present at the Quarter Sessions to make Proof of the Execution of such Warrant:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Craggs, Secretary at War, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay for the Officers of the late Regiment of Foot commanded by Brigadier James Douglas, and Sir James Wood, late in the Service of the States General, from the Twenty-fifth of April to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven "hundred and Seventeen:

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-vQeges and Elections, touching the Election for the County of Northumberland, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners ap- Forfeited pointed to inquire of the Estates' of certain Traitors, and Ellules-of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continu- Dut,e*-ing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Mr. Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaiut this Earl of House, That their Lordships have appointed Thursday the °xfc'rd Im* Thirteenth Day of June next for the Tryal of Robert Earl peac ,ne, of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, in JFcstminster-hall, upon . the Articles of Impeachment exhibited by this House in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, against the said Earl, for High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors. Also,

That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Highgate,

Act for repairing the Highways from several Places therein &c*tioads* mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for electing Trustees, for keeping up a sufficient Number for the repairing the Highways upon the Roads from Highgate Gatehouse to Barnet Blockhouse: and also of the Highways between Kilburn Bridge and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hertford;without Amendment. And also,

That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hopkins*

Act to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of the City of Dublin, granted to him for his Life, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Thursddy Mom- Earl of ing next, take into Consideration the Message from the Lords, relating to the appointing a Time for the Tfyal of men Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 30* die Mail;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable Susanna Catharine iVW- Nugent's gent to foe for, recover, and hold, the Portion of j"r,ei,*d Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Estate‘ Father’s Estate; notwithstanding her Coverture^ and the 19 Outlawry

Dr. Snape thanked.

Milboro Port Writ.

Duke of

Rutland’s and Marquis of Granby's juutes.

Dutch

Troops.

Ditto.

3 Geo. I. 30

57»

Outlawry of her Husband Hy Nugent Esquire;

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sufarina CaNugent to fuc for,

recover, and hold, the Portion of Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father’s Estate; notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry of her Husband Hyacintlius Nugent Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, , and the Question being put’ That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Snape, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

fSir Wm. Windham, I Mr. Calmady:

Tellers for the Noes,

86.

70.

f Mr. Haldane,

(Mr. Cadogan So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir William and Mr. Shippcn,

do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milhom Port, in the County of Somerset,

in the room of John Cox Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the most noble John Duke of Rutland, and John Manners Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Granby, Son and Heir apparent to the said Duke, On the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of the Right honourable Robert Lord Lexington; and alsofor vesting the Estates of the said Robert Lord Lexington, and Bridget Sullon, therein mentioned, in Trustees to be sold, for railing Money for the Marriage-portion of the said Bridget Sutton; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Finch, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sutton, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

ferford, Colonel Grahme, Sir illo. Hickman, Mr.

lr. Chetuynd, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. GMr.

Mr. Banks, Mr. Inge, Mr. Air. Conyers, Mr.

I Pest, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Ingram, Lord Powlet, Mr. Lawson, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Gilbert Heath-

cote, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Drew, Mr. Brudenell, Lord

Milton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Denton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Winstanley, Mr. Longueville, General Rosse, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Earl, Mr. PoiClett, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Liddell; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Warwick, Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, York, Rutland, Wilts, and Gloucester; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Addison presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of such Directions as were font to his Majesty’s Ministers in Holland; and their Answers; as far as they relate to the Expence of the Dutch Troops:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Paid Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Papers which have been laid before this House, relating to the Charge of Tranf-portation of the Dutch Troops to and from Great Britain; and likewise the Papers laid before this House, in Vol. 18.

relation to the Contingencies and Extraordinaries for Services performed in North Britain, during the late Rebellion.

Mr. Trcby, from the Commissioners appointed to in- Forfeited

quire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Elates. Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; presented to the House a Repre-fentation of such of the Commissioners as have been appointed to execute the several Trusts and Powers in relation to England, and any other Parts whatsoever, except Scotland, contained in the late Act of Parliament for appointing the said Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick:

And the T itle thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr Solicitor General presented to the House, according Cohesions to Order, a Bill for the better collecting and levying of Tentlls’ the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy: And the same was received.

Mr. Jejfop presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to fee out their Patents, and pass their Accounts: And the same wa3 received.

Sheriffs Patents, &c.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the this Day Sevennight. . House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Commis-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sioners for House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, and Army Debt8, revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners ap- Forfeited pointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and Estate*. of Popish Reculants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; which relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That the Representation of the said Commissioners, presented to the House this Day, in relation to England, and other Parts, be taken into Consideration at the same time.

Ordard, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and conti- Malt Duties, nuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

J

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Earl of Message from the Lords, on Monday last, relating to the Oxford’s appointing a Time for the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer:

And the said M eft age was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the State of the Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cone per, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Pulleney, Mr. LechtHere, Lord Finch, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr.

Vernon of Worcefershire, the Earl of Hertford, Sir David

Dalrymple, Mr. Bailie, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Mr.

Hampden,

Great

Marlow

Election?

57a

30° Mali.

A. 1717.

Hampden, Mr. Denton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Carter, Mr.

Serjeant Bi~ch, Mr. Serjeant Reynolds, Mr. Guidott:

Abd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; apd to adjourn to such Times and Places as they shall think fit.

Mr. Hampden reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; via.

Upon the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in behalf of fheinlelves, and several others, who have Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And also,

P Upon the Petition of Joseph Gray, and other Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return of George Bruere Esquire, and the Right honourable the Lord Shelburne of the Kingdom of Ireland, to serve for the said Borough:

That Counsel on both Sides attended the Committee:

That the Counsel for the Petitioners against Mr. Bruere, objected to him as unqualified, with respect to a Particular mentioned in the Rental given in by him for his Qualification; which Rental amounts to 334/. 10s. Annum.

The Particular objected to is mentioned in the said Rental, to be a Messuage, Tenement, Farm, and Lands, with the Appurtenances, called the Home Farm, and Bryan's Farm, and a Parcel of I.ands or Warren, called Whiteley-hill, in the Parish of , in the County of Sussex, in the Tenure of Mary Ryce, of the yearly Value of Forty-four Pounds.

And the Petitioners Counsel called.

Geo. Ryce: Who said, He did not? know any Farm called Home Farm, or Bryan's Farm; but that he rents a Farm called Whiteley-hill, which is all Warren-land, except about Seven or Eight Pounds a Year: That he pays his Rent, which is 44/. per Annum, to Mr. Gale; and never heard of any Interest Mr. Bruere had:

That, on Mr. Bruere's Part, a Conveyance to him for his Life, by Leafeand Iteleafe, dated i* 8$ 3d* July 1713, from Leonard Gale Esquire, of Part of Two Farms, therein called by the Names of Home Farm, and Bryans Farm, a Warren called Whiteley-hill, and other Premises therein mentioned, was produced, and proved to be duly executed; and the Consideration-money, being 1,000l. bona fide paid by Mr. Bruere. And,

Mr. Gale said, That he did, by the said Deeds, actually convey those Farms and Premises to Mr. Bruere, for his Life; and, bona fide, received the Consideration-money: That he had, indeed, received the Rent since the Conveyance, but it was for Mr. Bruere'& Use; and for no other Reason than because himself lived in that County, and Mr. Bruere lived Fifty Miles off; and that he bona fide, annually accounted for, and paid, the same to Mr. Bruere.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Lord Shelburne acquainted the Committee, That they did not infill upon their Petition.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Rejoiced^ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Bruere Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount Shelburne, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Marlow.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Hampden reported, from the Committee of Pri- Shaftesbury vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Ele"ion‘ touching the Election for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of William Hearst Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Edward Nicholas Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

The Counsel on both Sides attended the Committee.

The Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, That their material Witnesses, whereof Mr. Long, One of the Overseers of the Poor, was the principal, were taken ill upon the Road, and lay sick at Salisbury; which they offered to prove; and said, They had not any material Witness in Town, and could not therefore proceed to the Merits of the Election; but desired farther Time to bring up their Witnesses:

To which the Sitting Member’s Counsel answered, That this was only a Pretence: That, if the same had been so, the House ought to have been acquainted therewith before the Committee met to hear the lyierits of the Election; and Notice should have been given to the Sitting Member; neither of which had been done: That the Merits of this Election were originally appointed to be heard on the Two-and-twentieth of April last; and the Hearing would have come bn before now, had not the Committee been sometimes adjourned: That it came on now in course, and the Petitioner had time enough to bring up any Witnesses he thought fit: That there was another Overseer in the Town besides Long; and he might have lent up any Poors Rates he had, if he could not have attended himself:

That the Sitting Member, having had no Notice of this Pretence, had brought up his Witnesses; been at great Expence; was ready to justify his Election; and ought to be discharged of this Petition, if the Counsel for the Petitioner did not think fit to’ call any Witnesses to make out the Matter of his Petition:

Which the Petitioner’s Counsel not doing, nor making it appear to the Committee, That the Petitioner had ever summoned any Witnesses to attend;

And the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Nicholas Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Hampden reported, from the Committee of Pri- Leominftes-vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Ekdio*. touching the Election for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolution were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Burgesses of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Her ford, who have a Right of voting for, and electing, Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; complaining of an undue Election and Return of George Cajwall Esquire, to . serve for the said Borough.

That the Committee have examined the Matter of this Petition.

That

3 Geo. I.

30" Man.

573

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected Bribery to the Sitting Member; and called the following Witnesses; viz.

John Hearing: Who said. That he has voted at former Elections: That all the Candidates at this Election asked his Vote; and that Captain Welling gave him Twenty Guineas as a free Gift; but never asked his Vote:

That he and several other Voters, in Number Forty, met Mr. John Cafwall, the Sitting Members Brother, and Captain Welling: That the Sitting Member eame once into the Room, and drank tome Ale with them; they drank his Health; for which he thanked them; anil said. He hoped they would vote for him; and went away, without saying any thing more to them: They all agreed not to vote on either Side under Twenty Guineas a Man; and, Mr. John Cafwall offering that Sum, thereupon they all put down their Names in a Paper, that they would vote for General Gotges and Mr. That the Captain gave him his Twenty Guineas; and, he believes, all the rest had the lame; but he saw none paid, except his own: That the Sitting Member never gave, nor offered, him any thing: That he voted for Mr.

K'all; but, without the Twenty Guineas, should have voted for Captain Gorges:

Being cross-exainined, he said. That, before Mr. wallcame down, Mr. Bangham the Receiver General of the County, had asked Votes for General Gorges; acted as his Agent; and gave the Witness Seven Guineas as a free Gift; but did not alk his Vote when he gave the Money; and that Mr. Batch had also, before this, bid Ten or Eleven Guineas apiece for Votes for General Gorges; but the Witness did not know he gave any thing:

This Witness, being asked, Whether he was not to give his Vote for the Twenty Guineas, which he called a free Gift, answered, That he did not suppose they were given him for nothing.

Thomas Caldecot said, That William Spencer gave him Ten Guineas as a free Gift, and never asked his Vote, nor said what he was to do for them: He voted for Mr. Cafwall; and, without the Ten Guineas, should have voted for General Gorges:

Being cross-examined, he said, That Mr. Bangham, the Receiver-General, had, before this, given him Seven Pounds; which the Witness paid him back again, after he had received the Ten G uineas; and Mr. Bangham told him, He would give him the Seven Pounds clean, if he would vote for them: That it was reported, Mr. Bangham asked Votes for General Gorges, and Spencer for Mr. Cafwall.

Mr. Samuel Burton said, That he happened to be at Leominster at the Time of the Election; and, meeting with the Sitting Member there, took Notice to him of the Report how liberal he was for his Election: To which the Sitting Member answered, That he might be chose elsewhere; but here he was born, and he would be a Member of Parliament for that Place, whatever it cost him; and said, He had brought down with him the Sinews of an Election:

Being cross-examined, this Witness said, He is Receiver General for Radnorshire, and has been so Two Years: That he is Agent for General Gorges; and is sure the General never gave any thing to any Man alive for his Vote.

John Kcdward said, That he voted for Mr.;

and was One of the Forty who let their Hands to the Paper, to vote for Twenty Guineas a Man: That Captain Welling gave him Twenty Guineas: but gave it as a free Token: That, he believed, the rest of the Forty bad their Twenty Guineas apiece also; for he few them come out of the Room with nothing but Gold in their Hands; though he did not fee any paid, bot his own; for Mr. John Cafwall, the Sitting Member’s Brother, and Captain Welling, who paid the Money, called them all out of one Room into another, one by one; but the Sitting Member was not there when the Money was paid;

This Witness, being cross-examined, laid. That before this, Mr. Bangham, the Receiver General, asked his

Vol. 18.

Vote; and, at the same time, gave him Six Guineas to Leomiatte vote for General Goiges; and that he paid the Six Gui* fcltetion. neas back again to Mr. Bangham, before the Election:

That the Witness telling John Bourn, who voted for General Gorges, what he had for his Vote, Bourn said,

He had Ten Pounds; and that it was all in Shillings and Sixpences; and not one Half Crown among them.

Mr. John Colt junior said, That Francis Steel, who voted for the Sitting Member, told the Witness, He owed the Sitting Member's Brother, upon Bond, Thirty Pounds, which he borrowed of him when he was Receiver General; and was afraid he should be thrown into Gaol, if he did not vote for Mr. Cafioall.

Katherine Halfpenny said, That Mr. Thomas Price, the Town Clerk, went up and down lbliciting Votes for the Sitting Member; and the heard him declare publickly, in the open Street, to about Twenty Persons, most of which were Voters, That whatever Money was given on the other Side, they would double it, to carry the Election:

But the Sitting Member was not present when this Declaration was made.

The Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled, That no Credit ought to be given to the Witnesses produced, who had confessed themselves to be corrupt on all Sides: That, if such Witnesses were in any fort to be credited, their Evidence only affeCled feme particular Voters, who did not appear, by any Poll produced, to have voted for the Sitting Member: That, should all those they had impeached be taken off the Poll, the Sitting Member would yet have a great M ajority against every other Candidate: That no Candidate pretended to dispute the Poll, or the Right to fit: That the Witnesses produced had declared the Sitting Member never gave, or offered, any thing; nor was he ever present when any thing was offered, or given; nor did it appear, that any thing was offered, or given, by his Direr ion; and therefore they thought it not necessary to produce any Evidence on his behalf, the Evidence produced not affecting him, nor pretending to take away his Majority.

to which the Petitioner’s Counsel replied, That although the Majority was not disputed; yet the Sitting Member having procured his Election by Bribery and Corruption his Election is void.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That George Cafwall Esquire is not duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

‘ ‘ " of Pa

That no new Writ do issue, during this Session of Parliament, for electing a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Leominster, in the room of the said George Cafioall Esquire;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee of Pri<d- Northumber-leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to theft), touching the Election for the County of Northumberland, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered inr at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report, and Resolution, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Oley Douglas Esquire, complaining of an undue Electron and Return of Francis Delaval Esquire, to serve for the County of er land:

That Counsel on both Sides attended the Committee:

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected to the Sitting Member as unqualified:

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member infilled. That -he is qualified, as eldest Son, or Heir apparent of Edward Delaval Esquire; who is qualified to serve for a County;

7 G the

k

30* — 3x"Mail.

Northomber- the Rental of whose Estate given in for such Qualification land Election. amounts to 664/. per Annum. '

It was proved on the Petitioner's Part, and admitted by the Sitting Member’s Counsel, That a Mortgage for 1,000l. at 61, per Cent, on Part of this Estate, was paid off since the Election; and that there are Quit-rents, amounting to Four Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, payable out of the Estate.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel made the following Objections to the Rental given in;

That the Mansion-house, therein mentioned to be un-lett, and charged to be 30/. per Annum, was lett to Mr. Talbot for Ten:

That the Tenement in Newcastle, charged to be in the Possession of Mr. John at 25 /. per was

a Purchase made by Hebdon; wherein he made use of Mr. Delavafs Name only in Trust for himself: And,

That the Purchase of the Lands called Flodden and Broomrigg, let at 1581, per Annum, and said to be purchased of Sir Francis Blake, for the Sitting Member's Father’s Life, for 1,200l. was only a colourable Purchase:

- That, to prove their Objections, the Petitioner’s Counsel called the following Witnesses; viz.

John Beadnall: Who said, He was a Servant to Mr. Talbot, who lived in the Mansion-house before mentioned; and that he heard his Master say, His Bargain was to pay Ten Pounds a Year for it to Mr. but that he

had no Lease:

That it appeared by the Evidence of Henry Kills and Wm. Goatjworth, That Mr. John Hebdon, deceased, was a Papist; that he consulted in whose Name he should purchase the Tenement before mentioned in Newcastle; and afterwards declared, He would make the Purchase in his Nephew Delavals Naipe, who was a Protestant: And Coatsworth laid, That he, on behalf of another Person, who had the Interest, agreed with Hebdon for the Purchase; and that Hebdon afterwards laid out a considerable Sum of Money upon the House.

The Tenants of the Lands called Flodden and

rigg were called; and said, They paid their Rents to Ralph Bollam, for Sir Francis Blakeand produced the Receipts given to them for a Year’s Rent due in 1715, and 1716; which Receipts express those Rents to be received by Bollam for the Use of Sir Francis Blake: And those Tenants said, They never paid any Rent to Mr. Delaval: But John Bourn, One of the Tenants, confessed he had heard of Mr. DelaTitle before the Election.

That Copies of Three Judgments against the Sitting Member's Grandfather; Two 2 3,u> Jac. IP"; and the

other 2d* Williejnu et Maria; for several Sums, amount-ingto 506 /.; were produced, and proved.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged,

That the Mortgage and Quit-rents before-mentioned had been considered, and the Rental given in at an Under-value in respect thereof:

That Mr. Talbot, as a Relation, had been permitted to live in the House before mentioned Rent free:

That they denied anyTruft for Hebdon; and produced a Conveyance of that House from Sir Ralph Milbank,

and others, to Edward Delaval Esquire, in Fee, dated in 'February 1714: And,

\ No Deed of Trust appeared:

That, as to the Receipts given by Ralph Bollam in Sir Francis Blake's Name, to die Tenants of Flodden and Broomrigg;

Ralph Bollam was called: Who said. That he gave those Receipts in Sir Francis Blake's Name by Mistake, not knowing at that time of s Purchase; but that

he was afterwards informed thereofand had Orders from Sir Francis Blake to pay those Rents to Mr. Delaval; and that thereupon he accordingly remitted those Rents to the Order and Use of Mr and never made

any Account for them to Sir Francis Blake.

'That a Conveyance of those Lands, with the Rents, Issues, and Profits, thereof, dated in January 1715, from Sir Francis Blake to Edward Delaval Esquire, for his Life, was produced, and provedand the Consideration-

money, being 1/200l. was proved to‘be paid-by Mr. Delaval.;

That, as to Under-valuations in rdpect of Incumbrances, the Sitting Member’s Counsel called, . -

James Header Jon; Who said, That the Mansion-house -and Lands at Disfington, charged at 3 a.Year, are

w’orth 60/.; and will lett so by Leafer

That the Houses in Newcastle, charged at 25 /. a Year,

are worth 40/.; and will lett>so by-Lease:

That Hebdon's Tenement, charged at 25/. a Year, is worth 50/.; and will lett so by Lease; and that 1,000 has been laid out thereupon by Mr. Delaval since his Purchase.

As to the Judgments produced against the Sitting . Member’s Grandfather, the Counsel for the Sitting Mem- . ber alleged. That he had never heard thereof; and presumed they were satisfied; but, if they were not, they affected only Affcts by Descent, and not the Estate given in for his Qualification.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Francis Delaval Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Sloper presented to the House, pursuant to their Dutch Address to his Majesty, Copies of several Accounts and Tr#ops. Receipts delivered into the Pay Office, relating to the , Charge of Transportation, Provisions, and extraordinary Expences, of the Six thousand Dutch Forces before their Arrival in Great Britain: And also, ." ‘

An Account of Bills of Exchange drawn from abroad, on Account of the late Rebellion, which have been paid and dischargedin the Office of the Pay master General of his Majesty’s Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces: And also,

Copies of Vouchers, delivered into the Pay Office, for Payment of the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Six Pounds Twelve Shillirt^s Eight Pence, for bringing the -Six thousand Dutch Troops from the respective Garisons to Ostend, in order to embark for Great Britain, at the j time of the late Rebellion: And also,

A Copy of a Voucher, delivered into the Pay Office, for Payment of the Sum of Nine hundred Ninety-two Pounds Three Shillings Six Pence, for Tents, Sacks, and other Necessaries, said to be delivered to the Six thousand Dutch Troops:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,

Anno3* Georgii Regis, 17x7.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the poor Prisoners confined for Debtors Debt in the County and City Gaols of Worcester, Petition, in behalf of thertiselves, and many Thousands of poor, miserable, Prisoners in 'this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by many Losses,'joined with the Miseries of a long Confinement and having numerous Families, are reduced to extreme Want and are become great Objects of Charity:-And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

A Petition

3 Geo. I. 31 "Matt. 573

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prisoners in his Majesty’s Gaol Petition. a( Richmond, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are in streight Confinement, and in great Want of some Allowance, and almost famished for want of Subsistence: Arid praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

F»1 ford’s An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ei'ute. to enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other Sons, to put in Execution the Powers of granting Leases, given by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Refolt ed. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drew, Mr./i wyn.Sir John BrtnrMr. Farrer, Mr.

Mr. Elford, Mr. Morice, Sir Charles Mr. JVyld,

Sir Richard Farrington, Sir IVm. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hide, Sir Richard How, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sutton, Mr. Cater, Sir Witto. , Mr. Jen-

nings, Sir Edward Ernly, Lord IVm. Powlctt, Mr. Inge, Mr. Bell, Mr Trenchard, Sir Edward Northey, Sir IVm. Humphreys, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Sutton, Sir IVm. Johnston, Sir Win.Lowther, Mr. Mr. Air. Bladen,

Air. Bigg, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Trevilian, Mr. Hill, Mr. Delavatl, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Air. Mr.

Hungeiford; and all that l’erve for the Counties of Dor-Jet, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, ini the Speaker’s Chamber.

r^dv Butler’s A Petition of the Lady was presented to

liiute. the House, and read; letting forth, That, by Indentures of Lease and Relcafe, made on the Marriage of the Petitioner's Brother, James late Duke of Oi'mond, with his First Wife Ann, then Countess of OJfory, eldest Daughter of the late Earl of Rochester, the Petitioner’s late deceased Grandfather, James then Duke of Ormond, did giant and convey to Trustees the Manor of Thurles and livers other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of too Years, to commence from the Deceasc of the Petitioner’s said Grandfather and Grandmother; upon Trull, out of the Profits of the said Premises, or by Sale or Demile thereof, to raise the Sum of 6,0001, for the Portion of the Petitioner, to be paid at her Age of One-and-twenty A7ears, or Marriage, with Interest: That the Petitioner hath attained her said Age; but bath not received her said Portion: That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of James Duke of Ormond for High Treason, unless he shall render himself to Justice by a certain Day therein mentioned: That, by virtue of the aforesaid Act, and of another Act, passed then, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitiousUfcs; in order to raise Aloney out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; the said Manor of Thurles, and other the Premisses subject to the Payment of the Petitioner’s said.Portion, are veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Publick: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the said Security effectual for raising the Petitioner’s laid Portion, and Interest, notwithstanding the said recited Acts, or either of them.

Ordered, That Leave be given tt> bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Hanmer and Sir JoJ'eph Jekyll do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

'i‘oiuUon A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ’ Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the several Pa rilhes and Towns lying in the Highways leading from the Town of Kerfington, in the County towards Colnebrook and Staines, and all'o of several Grafieis,

Drovers, Farmers, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggcneis, V o l. 18.

Higlers, and others, frequenting and using the said Highways, whole Names are thereunto subsenbed, against die ingossed Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters-bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington,

in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Crand/ord. bridge, in the Road to Colnebrooke, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said several Towns and Parishes, within which the said Highways do lie, and which do contribute to the Repairs thereof, are of very large Extent, and conlift of great Numbers of Inhabitants of great Wealth and Estates, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements chargeable towards the Repairing of the said Highways; whereby, according to the Laws now in Force, great Sums of Money may be levied and raised; which, if duly employed, would be sufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the said several Highways, without the Aid of any additional Duty, or Toll: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said ingrossed Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, if they think fit, against the said Bill, before the same do pais.

A Petition of several Stage Coachmen, and Masters or Owners of Coaches, Waggoners, and Owners of Waggons, Carriers, Drovers, Clothiers, and others, that use the Road between Colnebrooke and Kensington, living in or

Cal

Cc

Remington

Roads.

near the Towns of Chippenham and Caine, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the ingossed Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters-bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the county of,

to the Powder-mills, in the Road to and to

ford-bridge in the Road to Colnebrooke, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Towns and Parishes, in which the said Highways do lie, and which do contribute to the Repairs thereof, have, for some Years pall, not repaired the said Highways, according to the Laws now in Force; but fullered them to become ruinous; with aDesign to exempt themselves, and lay the Burthen and Charge on the Petitioners, and others, who travel the said Roads: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel for the said Bill be then also heard.

A Petition of John Boteler Esquire, on behalf of him- Rolt’s self, and Philip his Infant Son, and Edward Roll Esquire, Eftat«. on behalf of himself, and Thomas his Infant Son, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Philip Boteler, late of Woodhall, in the Parish of Watton at Stone, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, . died seised of a certain Copse-wood, or Parcel of Woodland, called Scots-grove, in the said Parish, containing by Estimation Three Acres and Two Roods, lying upon the Out-parfs of his Estate, and intermixed with, or adjoining to, Lands-belonging to the Petitioner Edwai'd Rolt: That the Petitioner Edward Rolt is seised of a certain Copse, or Wood, called Man (croft Wood, in the Parish of StapleJ'ord, in tile laid County of Hertford, adjoining to Part of I he Estate late of the said Philip Boteler, deceased, and not divided or parted by any Fence between them: That the Ground- and Soil of both the Copies, or Woods, are of equal Value the one with the other of them; and the Exchanging thereof will be for the Advantage of all Parties concerned in Interest therein; and will make their Estates more entire: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to exchange the Woods or Woodlands aforesaid; and for making such Exchange good and efteftuaL

Ordered}

57*5

31® Mail — 1#

1717*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Hertford and Mr. Tifnel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stafford's

Kamt.

Dutch Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Troop*. Addrefe to his Majesty, several Returns from the Navy Office, Victualling Office, Office of Ordnance, and Transport Office, relating to the Dutch Forces:

And the Titles of the said Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do" lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The find Returns are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr, Elf ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his issue Male, to change their Surname to according to the Will of Roger tVoUocombe Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Insolvent Sir William Lmether presented to the House, accord-Debtor*, ing to Order, a Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols: And the same was received.

Dumfries Mr. Fergufm presented to the House, according to Qtmrch, be. Order, a Bilhfor laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or

One Sixth-part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town; and for build ing a Church, and making a Harbour, there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the said Committee, which was ordered to be received this Day, be received upon Thutfday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Duties on Houses, and charging the same with a lefier Incumbrance; and for redeeming To much of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as relates to the present Exchequer Bub; and for circulating Exchequer Bills at a less Charge to the Publick, pursuant to several Powers of Redemption contained in former Acts of Parliament; and for continuing several annual and other Payments out of the Residue of the said Aggregate Fund.

Collection of Tenths.

Ways mud Means.

Supply Bill; Duties on Houses,

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Sheriff* London, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir JViUo, Hickman, Mr. Account*-Rob arts, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Pigot, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more ealy passing Sheriffs Accounts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, i# die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor distressed Prisoners for . Debtor, Debt in the Sheriff’s Prison, or Ward, in the Parish Petition*, of Saint Thomas the Apostle, in and for the County of

Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are a great Number of Prisoners, in moll fad, miserable, and starving Conditions, as well as their Families; most of them having not wherewithal tp make the least Satisfaction of their Debts; and they that have any thing, are willing to surrender their All for Ihtir Liberty and Releasement: And praying, That an Act of Parliament may pais for their Relief Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have been reduced, by the frequent Losses and Casualties in Trade, and other unavoidable Misfortunes, so as to be rendered utterly uncapable of paying their Creditors their foil Debts: That the Petitioners suffer the greeted of Miseries, Confinement; and, whilst they are starving in the Prison, their Wives and Children are perishing out of it: That perpetual Imprilbiiment of poor insolvent Debtors deprives his Majesty, and the Nation, of the Service of many useful and faithful subjects, and renders great Numbers of their Families a Burthen to the Publick: That there are several Accidents of Life, which no human Prudence can foresee, or prevent; l'uch as Losses at Sea, by Fire, 8$c.; and the Sufferers are always accounted Objects of Compassion, and not of Punishment: That the Petitioners, and those in the same Circumstances, are the only unfortunate Persons rendered uncapable of reaping the least Benefit from the Blessings of his Majesty’s Reign; and it is no small Addition to their Affliction, that their same admits of nothing but Mourning, when the rest of their Fellow Subjects have so many just Occasions to rejoice: That the Petitioners are willing to deliver up their All, under the fe-vereft Penalties, to their Creditors; which they cannot expect, if their little Substance is wasted in a Prison:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Earl of Hertford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Edwaid Rolt Esquire to exchange a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of Hertford, with John Boteler Esquire, for other Woodlands of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively as therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Rolf* E flute.

Insolvent Debtors.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Edinburgh whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and con- to whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Cit7 tinuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint Revenue for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred of Ale-and Beer that Hi all be vended, or fold, within the Seventeen, was committed, be received upon Monday City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Be-Morning next. nent of the said City, is committed, to receive a Clause,

20

or

R^gifiering

T: > 11* 5>

£ It dies.

B rownlowe’s Estate.

Heath's

Estate.

Rotherhith

Church.

Brownlowe's

Estate.

Comraifli oners for Army Debts.

3 Geo. I.

Junii.

577

or Clauses, for explaining feme Clauses in the Act of Parliament of Scotland, thereby continued; and for taking off feme small Dues, commonly called the Petty Cuf toms, belonging to the City of Edinburgh, and collected at the Ports of the said City, during the Continuance of the Duty to be continued.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Pnpifts to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such Registering.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Looibond and

Mr. Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,’ An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Broumlowe Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of

Lincoln, York, Middlesex, and Hertford, remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate of Sir Thomas Heath Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector and Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, without Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Browy force Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Lincoln, York, Middlesex, and Hertford, remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford-, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- t mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners to state and determine such Debts as are, or shall become, due to the Clothiers, upon the disbanding any Regiments, or reducing any Numbers of Men in any Regiment, before the Expiration of the Assignments of the Off-reckonings of such Regiment so disbanded, or reduced.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Commit-ee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enlarge the Time for Protestants in Ireland to make their Claims,

Vo l. 18,

pursuant to the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters-bridge, which lies in the Parish of,

in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road to Staines-, and to Cranford-bridge, in the Road to Colnbrooke, in the said County, and for hearing Counsel against, and for, the said Bill;

The Counsel were called in:

And the Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petitions against the Bill were also read again: And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard: And, in the Course of the Evidences the Counsel calling Witnesses in relation to the Parishes, in which the Road does lie, not having done their Statute-work;

The Counsel for the Bill objected against the fame:

And the Counsel were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to give Evidence in relation to the Parishes, in which the Road doe3 lie, not having done their Statute-work; it having been already examined by a Committee of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words; " at which " Committee the Petitioners were not heard, nor had " any Petition depending: "

And the Question being put, That those Words be made Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative:

Then the main Question being put;

It passed in the Negative:

And the Counsel w ere called in pgain; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners calling a Witness to prove, viva voce, the Numbers of the Houses which pay the Duty called'House-money, in the Parishes which lie upon the Road; the same was objected to:

And the Counsel were heard thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be; admitted to give Evidence, voce, in relation to the Duty called House-money, paid in the Parishes which lie.upon this Road;

It passed in the Negative:

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Arid the Counsel proceeded in their Evidence; and the Counsel against, and for, the Bill, were heard.

And then withdrew.

'Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 4. L. 17. Before " or, " to insert " or of their Royal Highnesses the Prince or Princess of Wales:’*

L. 17. After "his," to insert Majesty's:"

L. 18. After Majesty," to insert " or the Prince or Princess of Wales, or any of the Royal Family: "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question 7 H severally

<C

Kensington

Road.

Exporting Irish Linen,

Heaths

Lllate,

Salt used for curing Fish.

Dutch

Troops.

She rids Patents, See.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

578 i* — 3*

severally put theteupori, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,-An Act for repairing the Highways from that Part oif Counters-bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington', in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills, in the Road

to Staines; and to Cranford-bridgein the said County,

in the Road to Colnbrooke.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lung, 30 dieJunii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate of Sir Thomas Heath Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Junii.

eond time, one by one ;, and; upon the Question federally put 'thereupon, agreed? unto by the House:

A Clause was offered, to be added to the? Bill, Thatex-cifeable Liquors, carried Coastwise, shall have Certificates of the Payment of the Duties:

And the same was twice read, with. Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was}* by Leave of the House, withdraw nl"

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for applying the Money, granted for Fire and Candle for the Forces, to the Towns they quartered . .:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr , r.1 v fSir Witto. , > .

Tellers for the Yeas, ’s|r Mn B/mi. } 64.

Tellers for the Noes, Eartf^’ I'41'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing ofied.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Macartney, Mr. Dutch Hancock, Mr. Burroughcs, Mr. Sandon, and Mr. Corner, Troops, dd, Tomorrow morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to \\ horn it is referred to consider of the Matters relating to the Transportation of the Dutch Forces.

A Petition of the Merchants, Fiftiers, and Dealers in Fith, on the Coast of Fife, and other Places, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to1 the House, and read; felting forth, That *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gon-fidertftion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same, as it shall appeal to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Earl, Mr. Baillie, Mr. Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Micklethtvaite, Mr. Yonge, Mr.

Guidott, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Heysham, Sir U rn. John-

stone, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Smith, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Trenchurd, Sir Richard Farrington, - Mr. Herne, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Inge, Sir Tho. Crosse, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Colonel

Sir Thomas Wheate, Mr. Edgecombe, Mr. , Mr.

White, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Strickland, Sir Rickard Steel, Sir William Whitlock, Mr. Lowther, Sir Win. Lout her, Mr. *.Bethell, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Trevylyan, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Papillon, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Serjeant Reynolds, Mr* Gwyn; and all that serve for North Britain; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Coleby, the Commissioner for Transports, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Matters relating to the Transportation of the Dutch Forces.

A Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Scvenhundred Seventeen, was committed, the Amendments they had made thereto, and directed to be reported to the House; and he read the said Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Se-22

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving a further Time to John Fletcher to make legal Proof of the Loss of One thousand and Forty Bushels of Salt shipped for Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord William Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Seven-night.

' Exporting Xrish Lioei.s.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Proprietors, and Sufferers in Agents for Sufferers, in behalf of themselves, and others, Nevis & St. to whom Debentures have been made out for Losses fuf- Christopher*. tained by the French fnvafion on the Islands of Nev’is and St. Christophers; and the several Papers relating

thereunto, which have been presented to the House; be referred to the Committee of tire whole House, who- are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay for the Officers of the late Regiment of Foot commanded by Brigadier James Douglas, and Sir James , late in the Service of the 'States General, from the Twenty-fifth of April to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Commission-whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, and revive ers ,or Army several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commis- ^>t*3t5‘ sioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine

3. Geo. I.

3'

4°

Jttnii.

mine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates, of such Debts in order to make out Debentures for the fame; be. received upon Thursday Morning next.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent

Debtors. Debtors, in the several County Gaols, be read a Second

time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Putents Ordered, That the Account of the Charge taken and J e" ' received in the Court of Chancery, on Account of suing out tlte Patents of the several Sheriffs of England and H ales, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more cafy passing Sheriffs Accounts is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Stafford’s A BIL L to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his Name. -TjL UTiic Male, to change their Surname to IVollo-combe, according to the Will of Roger Wollocombe Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elford, Mr. Drew, Mr luge, Mr. Sir Richard Farrington, Lord Wm. Pozclett, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Lord

Stanhope, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Jej/op, Mr. Serjeant Pen-gelly, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Lade,

Mr. Wykes, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Bell, Mr. Bote/er, Sir Wm.Pole, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Earl, Mr. Grove, Mr. England, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Dodd, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Williams, Mr. Liddell, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. , Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. Warrender, Mr. Nicholas, Dr. Pajk: and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtors A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in Gaol* retition. in the City of Coventry, in the County of the fame, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Lofl’es and Miffortlines, the Petitioners are reduced to unspeakable Calamities and Miseries, and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: That this honourable House, in their Two last Sessions, was pleased to demonstrate a compassionate Intention towards the Relief of poor difireffed Prisoners, by ordering a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose; which, though twice read, proved abortive: Therefore the Petitioners, whole Hearts are inli.ely loyal, and devoted to the Service of his Majesty King George, and his illustrious Issue, most humbly implore your Honours to take their deplorable Circumstances into your prudent Consuleration; and to order such Relief therein, as, in your great Wisdom, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

"Edinburgh Sir George War render reported from the Committee, to

City Revr- whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Onc-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended, or fold, within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, w as committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amend ments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

yol. is.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingrafted-

A Petition of Thomas Gage and Samuel Edwin Esquires Minehead was presented to the House, and read; setting, forth, Election. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Min the County of Somerset, the Petitioners, and Sir Trevelyan, and James Milner Esquire, stood Candidates: That, at the said Election, John Jones and George James pretended to act as Constables of the said Borough; and, as such, to preside at the said Election, as the Returning Officers; which they had no Right to do; and the Aftings and Doings of the said John Jones and George James were contrary to the ancient Rights and Usage of the said Borough: That, notwithstanding the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, yet the said Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Milner, although not qualified within the late Act for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by the farther Qualifying of Members to fit in the House of Commons, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong to the Petitioners:

And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Margaret Lady Nawas presented to Lady Nairn'# the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner’s forfeited Ef-Husband, William Murray late Lord Naim, was con- tate‘ vifted of High Treason, upon Impeachment of this honourable House: That the Estate of Nairn, to which the Petitioner is foie Heiress from her Father Robert Lord Nairn, was never invested in her said Husband; but only enjoyed by him in Right of a Husband: That the said Estate has been sequestrate, and the Rents thereof flopped; by which she, and her numerous Family, are reduced to the utmost Misery and Want: That the Petitioner has represented to his Majesty her deplorable Condition; and the said Estate being veiled in his Majesty. for the Use of the Publick, his Majesty’s Intentions for her Relief are disappointed: And praying, That his Majesty may be enabled to make such Provision for her, as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

And Mr. Secretary Addison, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty is apprised of the Matter of this Petition; and has no < )bjeftion to it, in case the House shall think proper to gite Leave for a Bill to be brought in for the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord James Murray, and Mr. Haldane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Herne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bankrupt* Bill to impower Commissioners in Commissions of Bank- Certificates, rupts issued since the 24th Day of June 1706, and before the 26th Day of June 1716, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Two Judges, to confirm the fame; notwithstanding the Acts of the Fourth and Fifth, and the Fifth, of the late Queen, are expired; was committed; That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That where there shall appear to the Commissioners, that there has been mutual Credit given between a Bankrupt and any Person w ho shall be Debtor to such Bankrupt, and due Proof thereof made; and that the Accounts are open;

4° — 5° Junii. J.ifij.

such Accounts shall be adjusted, and the Balance taken in full Discharge thereof; and the Person Debtor to such Bankrupt shall not be compelled to pay more than shall appear due on such Balance:

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BUI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill , A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Malt Duties. That the ingossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service - of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be

now read a Third time:

The House divided.

' The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Insolvent Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors. Debtors in the several County Gaols, be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Dutch The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself 'troops, into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Papers which have been laid before this House, in relation to the Charge of Transportation of the Dutch Troops to and from Great Britain; and likewise the Papers laid before this House, in relation to the Contingencies and Extraordinaries for Services performed in North Britain during the late Rebellion;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been presented to the House, relating to those Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, Thftt Mr. Edgecumbe do take the Chair of the Committee.

The House again resolved itself into a Committee:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Edgecumbe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 50 Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Rolt’s A BIL L to enable Edward Rolt Esquire to exchange F.state. a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of

Hertford, with John Boteler Esquire, for other Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively, as therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Botler, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hillier, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Calmady, Sir Geo. War render, Mr. Elf ord, Earl Hertford, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Thompson, Sir Richard How, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Drew, Mr. Dr. Pajk, Sir

22

Rich. Farrington, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Inge, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Monson, Mr. Powlett, Lord Powlett, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hampden, Mr Mr. Mr.

Smith, Mr. Colmore, Mr. Hutchenfon, Mr. London; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Brownlorce Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of

Lincoln, York, Middlefer, and Hertford, remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm-rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. White, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Calmady, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Honyrcood, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robei't,

Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. De Gray, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Gold, Mr. Plurnptre, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Gouge, Mr. Drew, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Pmvlet, Mr. Hillier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thompson, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Snell, Lord Shelburn, Mr. Earl, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Inge, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lade, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gregory, Mr CMr. Mr.

Hutchenfon, Mr. Smith, Sir Mountagu Blundell, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Booth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morice, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Roberts; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Middlesex, and Hertford And they are to meet at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One , Sixth-part of a Peny Sterling upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town; and for building a Church and making a Harbour, there; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir lames Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ferguson, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Farrer, Lord Powlett, Mr. Hellier, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lade, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. MMr. Strickland, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Jejfop, Mr. Gold, Mr. Erie, Mr. son, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Drew, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Poxclett, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Chalmady, Mr. Ward, Mr. Inge, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Bell, Mr. Millner, Mr. Bellamy, Dr. Pafke, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hampden; and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Herne, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Freman, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Clay ton, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Inge, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Thompson, Mr, Brodrick, Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Morice, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Conyers, Mr. DMr. Dockminique, Mr. Drew, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lade, Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Paske, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Hellier, Mr. Rode, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Jennings, Sir Mr.

Benson, Mr. London, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Walpole,

Mr.

Brownlowe'»

Estate.

Dumfriet Church, &c.

Collection of Tenths.

Sheriff* Pattnts, &c.

Kevis and St. Christopher’s Debentures.

Copper

Coinage.

Lady

Panmure's

forfeited

Estate.

Forfeited

Estate*

3 Geo. I. . s° Junii.

Mr. Bailie, Mr. Lewis, Sir Peter Mew, Mr. Gui-dott, Mr. Rowney, Mr. N Mr. Hunger ford,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Vernon, Sir Gilbert Heatkcott, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Diston, Sir Richard Howe, Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Elford, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Wynri, Sir John

Norris, Mr. Bellamy, Mr. TuffheU, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Williams, Mr. Smithjon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Lawson, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Morgan, Sir Geo. Beaumont: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better enabling the Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pals their Accounts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of what was due for Principal and Interest, at Lady-day last, on the Debentures made out, pursuant to Acts of Parliament, to the Sufferers at the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of several trading Inhabitants of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and their Fellow Subjects, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Farthings and Halfpence having long been, and still continuing to be, much wanted, to the great Detriment of Trade, notwithstanding great Quantities of Counterfeits are made, the Petitioners humbly desire this honourable House will ule their great Interest with his Majesty to order a speedy Supply of Copper Coin: And the Petitioners shall ever pray:

Xc.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Margaret, the Wife of Janies late Earl of Panmure, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s said Husband being unfortunately engaged in the late Rebellion, he was, by an Act of Parliament, attainted of High Treason: That, by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recuiants; and of Estates given to l'uper-ftitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner’s said Husband’s Estate is veiled in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick; and the same has been accordingly seized on: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby his Majesty may be enabled to grant the Petitioner such Settlements as the Petitioner would have been entitled to, in case her said Husband w'ere naturally dead.

Mr. Secretary Addison, by 'his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the said Petitioner’s same had been laid before his Majesty; and that his Majesty has no Objectien to it, if the House shall think 6t to give Leave to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner’s Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Molesworth, and Mr. Ker, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Robert Eden Baronet, George Pitt Esquire, Surtees Swinburne Esquire, James Rook Esquire,

Sujanna Bland Widow, and CuthEllifon, Bachelor in

Vol. 1*.

Divinity, on behalf of themselves, and several others; was presented to the House, and tead; setting forth. That feme of the Petitioners have Mortgages, others Rent-charges, Annuities, and Quit-rents, charged upon, and issuing out of, the several Manors, Lands, and Estate, of those concerned in the late unnatural Rebellion; by means whereof the fame, subject to the Charges and Incumbrances, became forfeited to his Majesty: That the Commissioners impowered by the late Act of Parliament to inquire into those Estates have Hopped the Payment of all the Rents in the Tenants Hands; so that there are very great Arrears due to the Petitioners; who, notwithstanding the y have all entered their Claims as the said Act directs, yet can have no Benefit or Relief, there being no Power in any of his Majesty’s Courts, or otherwise, to determine the fame: That the Lois in the Tenants Hands, the Waste and Destruction that is made in the said Estates, and the Prejudice that they suffer for want of Care and Management thereof, is very considerable; and will not only be of great Damage to the Petitioners, but also very much diminish the Benefit thereof intended for the Publick: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Reports from the Commissioners, in whom the said Estates are vested, shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Leominster Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, in the room of George Cajivall Esquire, who hath been adjudged not duly elected.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Supply Bill; Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Malt Dutie»* thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no low Wines, or Spirits, shall be brought by Sea, Coastwise, from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, to any other Port or Place, without a Certificate from the proper Officer of Excise where the same were brewed, made, or distilled, that the Duty thereof hath -been paid:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen; and to authorize Alloiv-ances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods imported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sarke, and Alderney; and to ascertain the Duties upon Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties of low Wines and Spirits carried Coastwise.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols be read a Second Debtor*, time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the way»and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

7 I Mr.

g8a 5* — 6° Jutui. 717.

Me. Farrar eepdrttd firkstbe ConMrittte, That foe Bttdk of England bad had before them anefoer Propofol; which the Committee had considered; end had <oftoe le Resolution; which Propofol, and Refutation, they had directed him to teport, when the House ’will please te receive the same.

Ordered That the Report b* revived to Tomorrow Monday.

Mr. Ferrer oMo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejbboed That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rtfolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. hefetvedj, That this House will, upon this Day Se-yennjght, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfrvis, 6* die Junii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Edinburgh A N ingrafted Bill for continuing the Duly of Two

City Revenue. Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling,

on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold wittrin the City Of Eand Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Pfcny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Edinburgh, add Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of foe laid City; and for discontinuing foe Payment of foe Dues commonly called the Petty-port Customs, at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this Act.

Ordered That Sir George Worrender do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bankrupts An ingrafted Bill to im power Commissioners in Com-

Certifioates. mifljons of Bankrupts fflaed fmee foe 24th Day of June 1706, and before foe 26th Day df June 1716, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and foe Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners of foe Oreat Seal, or Two Judges, to confirm the fame; notwithftandhig the Acts of the Fourth and Fifth, and the FHfo, of foe late Queen, are expired; was read foe Third time.

Refbbced, That foe BiH do pals: And that foe Tide be, An Act to rtnjrowef Commissioners in Commissions of Bankrupts iflbed since the 24th Day of Jane 1706, and on or before foe 26th Day Of June lyifi, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and foe Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Oommiflfieners offoe 'Great Seal, or Two Judges, to confirm foe feme; ootwifostanding the Acts of the Fourth and Fifth, and Fifth, of the late Queen, are expired; and for continuing a Clause, in a former Act, for adjusting Accounts between Bankrupts and their Debtors.

Ordered That Mr. Heme do cany the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Address. Address of Yesterday hath been presented to his Majesty, That he would be gradoufiy pleased to give Directions, That an Account might he laid before this House of what was due for Principal, and Interest, at on

foe Debentures' made out to the Sufferers ia foe Islands of Nevis and Saint Christopherand that his Majesty had

been pleased to give Directions, That foe said Account be laid before this House.

He lArd Finch itatertetf fintn (he Committae, for Duke of wfasm tbw iugrofihd Bid, fun dot Lords, totaled, An Ru1t,"<r* . Act for fetdteg foe Eftafos of the tnoft Nobl Duke "

of Rutland and John Meaner* Esqoira, commonly called Et*u*. 7 Marquis of Granby, Sen and Heir apparent to foe laid Duke, oh the Marriage of foe laid Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of foe Right honourable Robert Lord Lexington; and also for vesting the Eftatos of foe find Lord Lexington send Bridget Sutton, therein mentioned, in Tru flees, to be sold, for reifing Money for the Marriage-portion oft k&

was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found foe feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to foe Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to foe Hoafe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Jessop reported from foe Committee, to whom the Earl of Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelas Estate at Chel- p^elagh

fta and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, te*

for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that foe Committee had made several Amendments to foe Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to ibme of them, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in Gaol in the Debtor* County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and many Petition. Thousends more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Ijoftes and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: That this honourable House was pleased to demotfstrate a compas-fionate Intention toward the Relief of distressed Prisoners, by ordering a Bill to be brought iu for that Purpose; which, though twice read, proved abortive: That his Majesty has been grackyufly pleased, from foe Throne, to manifest and declare, That ft was foe natural Bent of his Royal Inclination to be merdfol, even to his rebellious Subjects: Therefore foe Petitioners, wfaofe Hearts are intirely loyal, and devoted to the Service of King most humbly implore your Honours to grant them such Relief as, in your great Wifckooa, shall fee in meet: And foe Petitioners shall ever pray, %c.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T*bfe.

A BiH for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors in foefe- insolvent vend County Gaols was, according to Order, read at Debtors. Second time.

Rejoiced That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rc/ohed That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refblve kself into a Committee of the whole Hvafe, upon the find BiH.

Mr. Farrer, -according to Order, reported, form foe ways Committee of foe whole House, who mere to consider Car- and Mhos ther of Ways and Mean for rafting the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Propbfefeefoich the South Sea Company, and the Bank of England, had laid before the said Committee, and the Resolutions of foe Committee touching the same, and other Resolutiens of the said Committee; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s liable: Where the 25 feid

South Sea Proposal for reducing National Debts.

3 Geo. I. 6* yum. 583

said Proposals of the South Sea Ceanpany, and the Bank of England, were read; and are as fellow; viz.

To the honourable (he Commons of Britain in Parliament aflem bled.

THE Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; having under their Consideration, how they may be most serviceable to his Majesty and his Government; and to shew their Zeal and Readinels to concur in the great and honourable Designof reducing the National Debts, in such manner as may be consistent with, and for the Support Parliamentary Credit; do humbly propose,

lft, That they will be content, and do submit, that their present Capital Stock of Ten Millions be increased to the Sum of Twelve Millions, either by Subscription or otherwise, as by their General Court shall be thought most expedient:

2dly, That the Two Millions, so to be advanced, shall be paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer by Four equal Payments; the last whereof to be on or before the 24th December next; and shall be employed towards redeeming the Principal and Interest charged on the Four Lottery Acts of 1711 and 1712, and the Annuities of Three Pounds per Cent, payable for the Bankers Debt contracted in the Reign of King Charles the Second; and not otherwise:

3dly, That the present annual Sums of 600,0001, and 8,000l. payable to the Company, be continued to them, for and in respect of their laid Ten Millions, until the 24th June 1718; and that, for the Two Millions, to be advanced as aforesaid, there be allowed to the Company an Annuity after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the respective Times of Payment thereof into the Exchequer until the said 24th of June 1718: 4tbly, That, from and after the said 24th June 1718, there be payable to the Company, by weekly Payments, as the Funds shall produce, an annual Sum of 600,0001. being after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the whole Twelve Millions; together with their present Allowance of 8,0001, per Annum; to continue until redeemed by Parliament, as herein after is mentioned:

5thly, That the present Duties and Revenues, chargeable with the Payment of the present annual Sums of 600,000l. and 8,000l. together with such Duties and Revenues as shall be redeemed by the said Two Millions, to be advanced as aforesaid, shall be continued, and made the Fund for, and chargeable with, the Payment of the several Annuities, which; pursuant to this Proposition, shall become due and payable to the Company, and with all Arrears thereof incurred, and to be incurred; and that the Surplus of all the said Duties and Revenues, after such Payment to the Company, as aforesaid, shall be applied and appropriated for and towards paying and discharging feme other of the present National Debts.

6thly, That the Sums unpaid, charged on the General Mortgage 1710, which is Part of the Company’s present Funds, be paid out of the Aggregate Fund, to arise out of the Savings of the several Funds which shall be redeemed) or reduced, this Section:

7thly, That all Transfers of the Company’s present and increased Capital Stock shall be free and exempt from any further Duties than the Transfers are at present subject to by Parliament; and that their present and increased Capital, and Stock in Trade, be exempt from all Taxes and Impositions whatsoever:

8thly, The Company do submit, That the said annual Sum of 600,000 /. for the said Twelve Millions, and the said annual Sum of 8,000l. may be redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year’s Notice, to be given by Authority of Parliament, on any of the Four usual Quarterly Feast-days in the Year, after the 24th June, *7 25, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company of the said Vol. 18.

capital Sum of Twelve Millions, tmd aH Arrears of the Wa>'s said annual Sums of 600,000l. and 8,000l. a,l<1 Means*

By Order of the General Court of the aforesaid Governor and Company,

16th Map 1717. John Ury, Secretary.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

THE Govemorand Company of the Bank of England, Bank being willing to contribute their Assistance in the pro- ^opofr-ls for posed Design of eating the National Debts, in such National manner as may be consistent with the Support of Parlia- Debts, mentary Credit, humbly propose,

That the original Fund of »00,0001, per Annum, payable to the Bank in Consideration of 1,600,000 /. advanced for the Service of the Government, remain secured to them to the First Day of August 1742, and a Year’s Notice, as it Hands confirmed to them by several A fits of Parliament:

That they are content to accept of an Annuity of 88,751/.

7 s. to id. being after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 1,775,027/. 17$.

10 id.in lieu of the present Annuity. . 106,501 /. 13*.

5 d. payable to the said Governor and Company out of the Duties 00 Ifoufes, to commence from the 25th Day of March 1718; subjefit to Redemption by Parliament, on Twelve Months Notice after the 25th Day of March 1723, and Repayment of the Principal, and all Arrears, of the said Annuity.

As to the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of several Acte of Parliament, and now (landing out, for Four Millions Five hundred Sixty-one thousand and Twenty-five Pounds, Principal Money, or thereabouts;

The said Governor and Company are content to accept an Annuity after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the Sum of Two Millions, Part thereof, to commence from tho 29th Day of September 1717; subject to Redemption by Parliament, on Twelve Months Notice after the 29th Day of September 1722, and Re- ‘ payment of the said Two Millions, and all Arrears of the Annuity attending the fame;

And to continue the circulating, and exchanging for Money, at Demand, the Remainder of the said Bills, at the present Allowance of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum: And are also content, that the Interest, now payable on such Bills, may be reduced to One Peny per Cent, per diem, from and after the 29th Day of September 1717; and that the said Interest may cease on any of the said Bills, during the time that such Bills may lie io the Exchequer, or in the Hands of any publick Officers; provided, that the Exchequer Bills, hereby proposed to be circulated and exchanged for Money, or any of them, be not redeemable but upon Twelve Months Notice, after the 29th Day of September 1724, and Repayment of the Principal, and Interest, and all Arrears, of the said Allowance of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and that the Allowances of 45,000l. per Aunum, and 8,000 Annum, payable to the said Governor and Company by several Acts of Parliament, for making Exchequer Bills Specie, until the same should be reduced to 1,900,000 /. be continued to them until the 25th Day of March 1718:

That no more Exchequer Bills, or Bills of like Nal ture, be issued, without Consent of the Bank, until such Redemption be made.

The said Governor and Company are willing to advance the Sum of 2,500,000 /. to the Publick, or such Part thereof as may be wanted, in order to redeem the publick Funds, at such Time and Times before the 25th Day of March 1718, and in such Proportions, as shall be found necessary, at an Interest of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament:

Provided, that the Five-sevenths Exfcife, House money, and Duties of the Aggregate Fund, be settled to answer alt these Payments, with Preference to all others; and that the Corporation of the Batik do continue with all its Capacities, Privileges, and Advantages, till all these Redemptions are made:

And

584

Ways And that all such Privileges and Clapfes, as shall be and Means, bought necessary and reasonable to enable the Bank toper-form the respective Services proposed, be inserted in the Bill to pais on this Occasion; and that no further Duties or Taxes may be laid on their present or increased Stock} nor on any Transfer of the fame; nor on any Bonds or Bills to be blued by the Bank for Support of their Credit Signed by Order of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Jo. Ince, Secretary.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

THE Governor and Company of the Bank of England, having understood the Resolutions of this honourable Hoofe, in a Committee of Ways and Means, on the and and 34th of this inilant; and having observed the several Particulars wherein the said Resolutions do differ from the Proposal laid before this honourable House by the said Governor and Company, on the 17th of this Month; do content to the several Alterations; except, That, in Consideration of their past Services; the many Difficulties they have struggled with, in supporting publick Credit; their chearful Concurrence in redeeming their own Funds; and their Assistance in discharging other Debts of the Nation;

They do humbly insist, That they may have as long a Term of Time allowed them for the future Redemption of their Funds, as shall be granted to any other Corporation this Session of Parliament:

And that the Annuities, to be established for paying off the Lotteries, and other redeemable Funds, may be made transferrable, and payable, in the Bank; which Service the said Governor and Company are willing to undertake, without any Charge to the Publick, other than Salary for Clerks, and Fees in passing the Accounts: And that all such Privileges and Clauses, as Hi all be thought necessary and reasonable to enable the Bank to perform the respective Services proposed, be inserted in the Bill to pals on this Occasion; and that no further Duties or Taxes may be laid on their present or increased Stock; nor on any Transfer of the lame; nor on any Bonds or Bills to be issued by the Bank for Support of their Credit

Signed by Order of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Jo. Ince, Secretary.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, by a Proposal delivered to this ho nourable House, in a Committee on Ways and Means, the 3ill May laf£ amongst other things, infill to have as long a Term of Time allowed them for the fiiture Redemption of their Funds, as should be granted to any other Corporation this Session of Parliament:

The said Governor and Company, having taken the said Paragraph in their said Proposal into lurther Coufider-ation, do submit themselves, in that Particular, to the Resolutions of the honourable Committee, of the 24th of May lall: But they humbly infill,

That the Annuities, to be euablished for paying off the Lotteries, and other redeemable Funds, may be made transferrable, and payable, in the Bank; which Service the said Governor and Company are willing to undertake, without any Charge to the Publick, other than Salary for Clerks, ana Fees in passing the Accounts:

And that all such' Privdeges and Clauses, as shall be thought necessary and reasonable to enable the Bank to perform the respective Services proposed, be inserted in the Bill to pals on this Occasion; and that no further Duties or Taxes may be laid on their present or increased Stock; nor on any transfer of the lame; nor on any Bonds or Bills to be issued by the Bank, for Support of their Credit

By Order of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Jo. Ince, Secretary.

A. 1717.

Then (he Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as follow; viz.

ill, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present annual Sums of 600,0001, and 8,000l. payable to the South Sea Company, be continued to them, for and in respect of their Capital Stock of Ten Millions, until the 24th Day of June 1718, inclusive.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said 24th Day of June 1718, there be payable to the said Company, by weekly Payments, an annual Sum of 500,000l.; being after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the said Ten Millions; together with their present Allowance of 8,000l. per Annum, to be continued until redeemed by Parliament.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Duties and Revenues, chargeable with the Payment of the present annual Sums of 600,0001. and 8,000l. shall be continued, and made the Fund for, and chargeable with the Payment of, the said Annuities of 500,000l. and 8,000l. as the same shall become due and payable to the Company; and with all Arrears thereof incurred, and to be incurred; and that the Surplus of all the Duties and Revenues, after such Payment to the Company, as aforesaid, shall attend the lurther Dif- of Parliament.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said annual Sums of 500,000l. and Eight thousand Pounds, be made redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year’s Notice to be given by Authority of Parliament, on any of the Four uiual Feast-days in the Year after the 24th Day of June 1723; and upon Payment to the said Company of the said Sum of Ten Millions, and all Arrears of the said annual Sum of 500,000l. and 8,000l.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Transfers of the said Company’s Stock shall be free and exempt from any further Duties than the Transfers are at present subjefit toby Parliament; and that their Capital, and Stock in Trade, be exempt from all Taxes and Impositions whatsoever.

6th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Company be obliged to advance such further Sums, not exceeding Two Millions, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall call for, at any time or times before the 24th Day of December 1717, at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and that the Monies lb called for, if any, be applied for or towards Redemption of the Principal and Interest charged on the Four Lottery Acts of 1711 and 1712; and of the Anuuities of Three Pounds perCent.per Annum, charged on the Hereditary Excise; and that the said Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to be paid to the said Company for the

further Sums lb to be advanced, be secured as well upon the Surplus of the said Duties and Revenues to arise over and above the said Annuities, payable for the said Ten Millions; as also upon the Duties and Revenues to be redeemed with the said Sums, not exceeding Two Millions, to be further advanced, as aforesaid.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual Fund of 100,501 /. 13 a. per Annum, payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Duties on Houses, shall be continued to them to the 24th Day of June 1718.

8th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annuity of 88,751/. 7 10 being

after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of 1,775,027/. 17$. lofrf. due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in lieu of their present Annuity of 106,501/. 13 5d. per

Annum, out of the Duties on Houses, be. secured to the said Company, from the 24th Day of June 1718; re deemable by Parliament, on Twelve Months Notice after the said 24th Day of June 1718.

9th,

iyGOOg;

Way* and Mean*.

3 Geo. I. 6* — f Junii. 585

9th, Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Allowances to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, payable to them for circulating, and exchanging for ready Money, the principal Sum of 4.561,025/. be continued to them until the 25th Day of December 1717.

I oth, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annuity of 100,000l. being after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum on the Sum of Two Millions, be secured to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Consideration of their undertaking to deliver up as many of the present Exchequer Bills as shall amount to the Sum of Two Millions, to be cancelled; and that the same Annuity of 100,000l. do commence from the 25th Day of December 1717, redeemable by Parliament, on Twelve Months Notice after the said 25th of December 1717, and Repayment of the said Two Millions, and all Arrears of the said Annuity attending the fame.

II th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for undertaking to circulate, and exchange for ready Money, at Demand, the Remainder, computed to amount to Two millions Five hundred sixty-one thousand Twenty-five Pounds, or thereabouts, of the said present Exchequer Bills, the Allowance of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum be continued, and secured, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that the Interest, now payable on the said remaining Bills, be reduced to One Peny per Cent, per diem, from and after the 25th Day of December 1717; and that such Interest, running on any of the same Bills during the time they shall lie in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of any publick Officers, be laved to tlfe Publick; and that the said Exchequer Bills, so to be circulated and exchanged, be redeemable, upon a Year's Notice, after the 29th of September, 1717.

12th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no more Exchequer Bills, or Bills of the like Nature, be issued, without Consent of the Bank, until such Redemption be made.

13th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England be obliged to advance to the Publick such further Sums, not exceeding 2,500,000l. as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer, for the Time being, shall call for at any time or times, before the 25th Day of March 1718, at an Interest of Five Pounds perCent. per Annum, redeemable by Parliament.

14th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House-money, and Duties of the Aggregate Fund, be settled to answer all the said Payments to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with Preference to all others.

15th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuities to be established for paying oft' the Four Lotteries of 1711 and 1712, and the Bankers Debt, be made transferrable, and payable at the Bank.

16th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Six Pence on Forty Ells of British Linen exported be taken off.

17th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Lint-feed imported into this Kingdom be taken off.

The First Six of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

Then the rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.-

Ordered, That it be an to the Gentlemen who are ordered to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt; which were agreed unto by the House on the Twenty-third of March left; That they do bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Com-Vol. 18.

mittee of Ways and Means, and agreed unto by the House: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wallop, Mr. Bailv, Mr. Micklethand Mr. Lechmerc,

be added to the Gentlemen appointed to bring in the said Bill, or Bills.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said postponed Resolutions be adjourned.

It passed in the Negative.

The House resumed the Consideration of the said postponed Resolutions:

And they were again severally read; and, upon tine Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an InstruQion to the Gentlemen who were ordered to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions of the Twenty-third of Alarch, and the Resolutions reported from the Committee of Ways and Means, and, as before mentioned, agreed unto by the House this Day, That they do bring in a Bill upon the said Six Resolutions, relating to the South Sea Company, which were postponed, and are since agreed unto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to bring in the said Bill, That they do therein provide, That, after the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred Twenty-three, the principal Money due to the South Sea Company shall be redeemable by payments of not lets than One Million at a time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame; was committed; be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to fu-perftitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 7* die yunii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate of Sir Thomas Heath Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Inge, Mr. Drew, Lord Molefcorth, Mr. York, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Monson, Mr. Lade, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. San bridge, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Foley, Lord JVm. Pawlett, Admiral Aylmer, General Rosse, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pringle, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Broderick, Mr. Harvey, Sir John velyan. Lord Milton, Mr. London, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Serjeant Pengelly, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bruere, Sir Peter Mew, Mr. Vernon, Mr D Sir Campbell,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Urquehart, Mr. England, Mr. Elford; and all that serve for the Counties of Surrey,

7 K Sussex,

Call of the House.

Commissioners for Arm/ Debt*.

Forfeited

Estates.

Heath’*

Estate.

5*6

7° Junit.

A. 1717.

Sussex, and Kent * And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Regulating Admiral Aylmer reported from the Committee, to Pilot*. whom the Bill for the better regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments where once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bolt's

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Edward Rolt Esquire, to exchange a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of Hertford, with John Boteler Esquire, for other Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively, as therein mentioned: is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ificcocks and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

Davie*' The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. rectifyingDefects in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and effectually securing the Payment of his Debts; and making Provisions for the younger Children of Robert Davies his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lady.

Naim's

forfeited

Estate,

The Lord James Murray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the Life of William Murray late Lord Naim, her Husband: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

LadyButler’a Sir Joseph Jekyll presented to the House, according to Estate. Order, a Bill for rendering a Security effectual, which was made by Jaynes Duke of Ormond, deceased, Grandfather to the Lady Amelia Butler, for raising the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for her Portion; with Interest for the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fulford’s Mr. Drew reported from the Committee, to whom the

Eilat*, ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other Sons, to put in Execution the Powers of granting Leases, riven by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Cleric’s Table.

York Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for

Small Data, the more easy Recovery of finall Debts in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir William Low t her and Mr. Hutchinson do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

«am* Laws. Ordered, That Leavd'be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in being for the

better Preservation of the Game: And that Mr. Walpole, Mr. Churchill, and Mr. Morice, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Hartley, and others, Creditors for Work done, and Materials found, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, on the behalf of themselves, and divers other like Creditors, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which Report he read in his Place, and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as follows; viz. That, the Committee having examined the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared,

That by an Act of the Fifth Year of the late Queen Attne, for repairing the said Road, several Powers are granted to the Trustees therein named, for railing Money to be laid out in amending the said Roads:

That the Trustees, in the Act named, contrafted with the Petitioners, for the Carriage of Stone, Gravel, and other Materials, from several Places remote from the said Road; whereby there is a considerable Debt due to them for the same; amounting to the Sum of 6,000 I. and upwards:

That the Monies, arising by the said Toll, amounting to no more than about Four hundred Pounds per Annum, communibus Annis, were not sufficient to discharge the said Debts; whereupon another Act passed in the Eighth Year, of the said Queen, for making more effectual the aforesaid Act, by granting a longer Term of Years for col-left ing the said Toll:

That the Petitioners also complained of some Defects in the former Act of Parliament; particularly in relation to the Toll upon Oxen, Sheep, and Hogs; by which it is Enacted, That there shall be paid, for every Score of Oxen, Six Pence; for every Score of Sheep or Lambs, One Peny; and, for every Score of Hogs, Three Pence; and so in proportion for any Number exceeding Five: But that the Drovers, to avoid the Duty, always take care to separate their Oxen, Sheep, and Hogs, into finall Parcels, under the Number of Five in a Parcel; by means whereof the Law is evaded, and the Duty loft: That it appeared also to the Committee, That great Numbers of Persons, travelling the said Road, do avoid the Turnpike, by going with their Waggons into private Persons Grounds:

That the former Act of Parliament directs, That a Turnpike, or Turnpikes, shall be erected between Forn-hill and Stony Stratford’, by means whereof, several Persons avoid paying the Toll, by going a By-road near Stratford Bridge; whereas the Turnpike ought to have been set up at Stratford Bridge, or any Part thereof; but, as the Act now uands, they have not sufficient Power so to do:

That the Petitioners allege, That, in the former Act, they have not a Power to dig for Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, necessary for amending the Roads, into waste or other Grounds, as is in all other Acts of the like Nature.

That, upon the whole Matter, it appeared. That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition; and, unless they have the Aid of an Act of Parliament, to remove the before-mentioned Impediments, and to explain the former Acts, the Roads, which are Eleven Miles in Length, cannot be kept in good Repaid, nor the Creditors paid their just Debt, so long Handing out; which will tend to the Ruin of them, and their Families.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, the Acts of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Roads between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, And that Mr. Hampden and Mr. Denton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of

Souihejke,

IfockKy

Road-

3 Geo. I. f JuniL 587

.Lady _ Southejkc was presented to the House, and read; letting forfeitede># ^ort^> That the Petitioner’s said Husband being< unfortunate. nately engaged in the late Rebellion, he is, by an Act of Parliament, attainted of High Treason: That, by an Act, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner's laid Husband’s Estate is vested in his Majesty, for the said Use; and the same has been accordingly seized upon: That the Petitioner brought her said Husband a considerable Fortune; and, by his Attainder, the Petitioner, with her Son, are now destitute of any Means of Subsistence; nor can have any Relief, without the Aid of this honourable House: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby his Majesty may be enabled to grant the Petitioner such Jointure as she would have been entitled to, in case her said Husband had been naturally dead; and to make such Settlement upon her said Son, out of her said Husband’s Estate, as to his Majesty Hi all seem meet.

And Mr. Secretary by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the Petitioner’s same had been laid before his Majesty; and that his Majesty has no Objection to it, if the House shall think fit to give Leave to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner’s Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Brigadier Stewart, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Pringle, and Sir James , do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of I.ady Jane Wife of the late Sir Hugh Lady Paterson, of Bannockburn, was presented to the House, PaterWa and read} letting forth, That the Petitioner’s said Husband being engaged in the late Rebellion, he is, by Act of Par- a e-liament, attainted of High Treason: That, by an Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them, for the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner’s laid Husband’s Estate is vested in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick; and the same has been accordingly seized upon: That the Petitioner brought her said Husband a considerable Fortune; and, by his Attainder, the Petitioner, with Two Children, are now left destitute of Subsistence, without the Aid of this honourable House:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby his Majesty may be enabled to grant the Petitioner such Jointure as the would have been entitled to, in case her said Husband had been naturally dead; and to grant such Provisions for her said Two Children, out of her said Husband’s late Estate, as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

Mr. Secretary Addison, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the said Petitioners several Cafes had been laid before his Majesty; and that his Majesty has no Objection to them, if the House shall think fit to relieve the Petitioners, according to the Prayers of their several Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the Relief of Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Southefke,

That they do provide therein for the Relief of the said several Petitioners.

Stirling’s

forfeited

Eftute.

Lady

Drummond’s

forfeited

Estate.

A Petition of Marion the Wife of James Stirling, late of Kcir, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s said Husband being in the late Rebellion, he is, by Act of Parliament, attainted of High Treason: That, by an Act appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain 1 raitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner’s said Husband’s Estate is vested in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick; and the same has been accordingly seized upon: That the Petitioner brought her said Husband a considerable Fortune; and, by his Attainder, the Petitioner, with Nine young Children, are now left destitute, without the Aid of this honourable House: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby his Majesty may be enabled to grant the Petitioner such Jointure as the Petitioner would have been entitled unto, in case the Petitioner’s said Husband had been naturally dead; and to grant such Provision for her Nine Children, out of her laid Husband’s Estate, or such other Relief, and in such manner, as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

A Petition of Jane the Wife of James late Lord Drummond, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Petitioner’s laid Husband being engaged in the late Rebellion, he is, by Act of Parliament, attainted of High Treason: That, by an Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them, for the Use of the Publick , the Petitioner’s said Husband’s Estate is vested in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick; and the same has been accordingly seized upon: That the Petitioner brought her said Iiulband a considerable Fortune; and, by his Attainder, the Petitioner, with Four younger Children, are now left destitute of any Subsistence, without the Aid of this honourable House: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby his Majesty may be enabled to grant to the Petitioner such Jointure as lhe would have been entitled to, in case her laid Husband had been naturally dead; and to grant such Provisions for her said Four younger Children) out of her laid Husband’s late Estate, as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

Vol. 18.

Mr. Craggs, according to Order, reported from the Commission-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- ers for Army tinuc and revive, several Acts, therein mentioned, for Debts‘ appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine such Debts, and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to make out Debentures for the fame; was committted; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one, as far as Clause C; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time, for impowering the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates to certify into the Exchequer of England, Scotland, or Ireland, the Names of such Persons as are possessed of forfeited Estates, or such as have received the Profits thereof, and who shall neglect to pay what they are indebted to his Majesty into the Exchequer; and thereupon the Court of Exchequer may order Process, and Execution, to issue against the Person so indebted to his Majesty, and their Estates, as is usual for the Recovery of a Debt due to his Majesty;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Ye«s, j

Tellers for- the Non, ^a^bkl:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause D, being read a Second time, was, upon die Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause E being read a Second time, the same was amended by the House; and afterwards agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added, to the Bill, That Persons named in Certificates, or who shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, may plead to, and traverfc, such Certificates, in such manner as they might have done, if

the

83

76

L.

588

7° — 8° Junii. 1717.

Ways and Means.

Forfeited

EAates.

the Matter, contained in such Certificates, had been found by any Inquisition taken by virtue of any Extent, or other Process, issuing out of the Court of Exchequer:

And the said Clause was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill}

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,^' . j'9

Teller, for the }7,

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Time, limited in the ACfc, for entering Claims, shall be enlarged; and that all Claims, made by Trustees for Creditors, or Childrens Portions, shall be as effectual as if the Creditors, or Children, had actually claimed the fame:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing t^e Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish RecuVants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William Powlet, and Mr. Farrer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the late Richard Earl of Ranelagh, in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Estate at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Counties of and

Berks, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Some Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 4. L. 4. To leave out " Residue of the and, after " the," to insert " said

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,-An Act for Sale of the late Richard Earl of Ranelagh, in the Kingdom of Ireland, his Estate at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Jessop do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Molesworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for, and Settlement upon, Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Patimure, as lhe would have been entitled unto, in case her said Husband was naturally dead: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Brigadier Stewart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the respective Wives and Children of James late Earl of Southeske; James late Lord ;Sir Hugh

Paterson, late of Bannockburn , and James Stirling, late of Keir: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sabbati, 8° ’Junii \

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P a a r e a s.

Davies' A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E*ate* JY for rectifying Defects in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and effectually securing the Payments of his Debts; and making Provisions for the younger Children of Robert Davies his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of Scar- A Petition of Richard Earl of Scarborough was pre-

borough’g fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his for Office. Majesty, by Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date on or about the One-and-thirtieth Day of May, in the Third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, hath constituted and appointed the Petitioner the Earl of Scarborough, together with Matthew Dude Morton Esquire, to be his Majesty s Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Revenues, Profits, and Casualties whatsoever, in his Kingdom of and to be Treasurer at War within his said Kingdom: That the Petitioner, by reason of his present Attendance in Parliament, cannot go into the said Kingdom, to qualify himself there for the said Offices: And praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty s Revenues in the Kingdom of and to quality

himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

Mr. Hampden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, the Acts, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty s Reign, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town; and for building a Church, and making a Harbour, there; was committed: That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one, by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House a Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption: and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent. as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the 20 National

Carl of

Raoelagli’t

Estate*

Lady

Panmure'i

forfeited

Estate.

Lady

Southeike s, &c. forfeited Estates.

Hockley

Road*

Dumfries Church, fee.

Redeeming Bank Funds.

3 Geo.. I.

8° — 120 Junii.

589

Regulating

Pilots.

Public Debt* of Scotland.

Forfeited

imitates.

Collection of Tenths.

Stafford’s

Name.

National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Privisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Iiate of Five per Cent.-, and for other Purpol’es in this Bill mentioned: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrofi’ed Bill for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Deal, Dover, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and way, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Deal, Dover, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Papillondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sekoinpresented to the House, a Report of the Commissioners nominated and appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent:

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Memliers of the House.

And the said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Reports from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the El'tales of certain Traitors, and of Popish Reculants; and of Estates given to superstitious U fes; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick:

And the said Reports were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the more effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Publick: And that Mr. Comptroller, the Lord William Powlet, Mr. Jessop, Mr. chejbn, and Mr. Bailye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1Junii \

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

SI R William Pole reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Elford reported, from the Committee, to whom the

Bill to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Wollocombe, according to the Will of Roger Wollocombe Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him Vo l. J8.

to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingi offed.

The Earl of Hertford reported from the Committee, to Rolfs Eftatt whom the Bill to enable Edward Ro/t Esquire to exchange

a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of Hertford, with John Botcler Esquire, for other Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively, as therein mentioned; was committed;

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for, Lady and Settlement upon, Margaret the Wife of James late Panmu'V. Earl of Panmure, as she would have been entitled to, in jj^et"e

case her said Husband was naturally dead, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Lady Naira’* Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Children, out of her pa- p}/eIted ternal Estate, forfeited during the Life of William - te* ray, late Lord Nairn, her Husband, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the Lady respective Wives and Children of James late Earl of Southe»k'«, Southejk; Janies late Lord Drummond-, Sir Hugh Pater- Jon, late of Bannockburn; and James Stirling, late of Kcir; was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying Defects in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint;and effectually securing the Payments of his Debts; and making Provisions for tho younger Children of Robert Davies, his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Barrymore, Mr. Herne, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Trevelyan, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Vernon, Sir Willo. Hickmqn,

Mr. Shippen, Mr. Roberts, Mr the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Roumey, Mr. Earl, Mr. , Mr. Hopkins,

Sir Geo.Beaumqnt, Mr. Lade, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Eden, Mp. Hill, Mr.

Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Archer, Sir Richard Faring ton, Colonel Mr.

Morice, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. London, Sir Robert Corbett, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir;

and all that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster,

7 L and

Davie*'

Estate.

59° 13° Junii. 1717.

and North Waks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Church Sir James Campbell prelected to the House, according

Judicatures Ch-der, a Bill for tire further explaining, and amending,

m bcoUan several Matters relating to the Church Judicatures, and Patronages, in that Part of And the same was received.

Dumfries An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies

Church, Sec. Scots, or One-sixth Part of One Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Du, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town; and for feuikltug a Church, and making a Harbour there; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town; and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

PuM'o ivhts A Petition of the honourable William

uf Scotland. Esquire, in the Name'and Behalf of the Commissioners of Equivalent; and of James Campbell Esquire, in the Name and Behalf of the publick Creditors in Scotland; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, of the 12® of her late Majesty, to discharge and acquit die Commissioners of Equivalent, Sic. a capital Sum of 23,308 /. 9$. 10 was ltated due to the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, on 24th June 1714; and die Commissioners were directed to receive, and cancel, all Certihcates, Warrants, and Debentures, winch, by an Act of the Sixth Year of her late Majesty, had been granted for the said Debts; and to issue Debentures for the Sums to Persons respectively intitled thereto, with Interest after the Rate of 51, per Cent, per Annum; and, by an Act, of the First Year of his present Majesty for taking and Gating the Debts due,' and growing due, to Scotland, in the Term of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland', the Commissioners of Equivalent, and Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, were in*powered, the 1® November 1715, to issue Orders for Payment of One Year’s Interest, to 24th June following, of the said Sum of 23,308 /. 9 s. 10 id.;and for Payment of the Salaries of the said Commissioners, their Servants, and necessary Charges, to that time, amounting to 15,822/. 8 7 which

their Lordships directed, and the Petitioner received Part thereof: And, by another Act, of the First of his Majesty, for die Relief of Paterson Esquire, the said Commissioners were required to issue and pay him, his Executors, fife. 18,241/. ioj. 10^d. in like Debentures; the Principal of which to be payable in Course after those formerly directed, and the Interest upon them, after the Rate of 5/. per Cent, per om 24th June 1715, to

be, in the mean time, payable in the same manner as the other Debentures; the Sum of 31,565/. 2 5±d. be-

came due 24th June 1717, for Payment of the Two Years Interest remaining upon the capital Sums Rated as above; and for paying Two Years Salaries to said Commissioners, and their Servants, for which no Provision is yet made: That a Report from the Commissioners appointed by Iris Majesty to state the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Term of the Union, and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of Equivalent, was read, and laid before the King, and both Houses of Parliament, as by Direction of the aforesaid Act; the Petitioners hope, the public Debts of Scotland before the Union may be put in a regular Course of Payment for the future: And praying, That the House will give

such Directions for Payment of the said Sum of 31,5651-2 s. 54- d., due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Matter of Fast, as it appears to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Mr.

Auditor Harley, General Rojfe, Colonel Grahme, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Earl, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Sioper, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Inge, Mr. Stuart, Mr.

Wlv.Jcffop, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Herne, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pulieny, Sir Tho Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Eongueville, Jdr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Wm.

St. Quint in, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cater; and all that serve for North Britain: And all that come are to have Voices: And they haye Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die diem.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners nominated and appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee appointed to Earl of consider the State of the Impeachment against Robert Earl Oxford's Im-of Oyford and Earl Mortimer, That the Committee had peachment met several times, and made forne Progress in the Matters to them referred; but that the Prosecution of the said Impeachment having been interrupted for fb many Months, by. the Intervention of many weighty and urgent Affairs, which more nearly and immediately concerned the Welfare, Defence, and Security, of the Kingdom, it’s become absolutely necessary for those who shall be appointed to manage the said Impeachment to review, and earefully peruse, all the Treaties, Records, Letters, and other Papers, proper and necessary for supporting this Prosecution; which being very voluminous, it will be impossible, within the Time appointed for the Tryal, to adjust and apply the proper Evidence to the several Articles.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, ac- Message t* quainting them with the Reasons why this House cannot Lords for proceed on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl PoftP°n«>g Mortimer at the Time appointed; and to desire, that the Tna1, same may be put off to a farther Day.

Which Message was thus;

The Commons acquaint your Lordships, That the Prosecution of die Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer having been interrupted for fb many Months, by the Intervention of many weighty and urgent Affairs, which more nearly and ilnmedialely concerned the Welfare, Defence, and Security, of the Kingdom, it’s become absolutely necessary for the Commons to review, and carefully peruse, all the Treaties, Records,

Letters, end other Papers, proper and necessary for the supporting this Prosecution; which being very voluminous, it will be impossible, within the Time appointed for the Tryal, for the Commons to adjust and apply the proper Evidence to the several Articles; and therefore they desire, That the Tryal may be put off to a further Day.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the said Message to the Lords.

A Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Bank Finds. Provifbes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent, as shall be found necessary to

be

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment.

Wemys’

Estate.

Dashwood’s

Estate.

Exporting Irish Linens.

Supply.

Sheriffs Patents, dec.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Ady Butler's Estate.

3 Geo. I. ia° — 13" Junii. 591

be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities, formerly purchased, at the Kate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in this Bill mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Carter reported to the House, That he had, according to their Order, been at the Lords, and delivered the Mefi’age to them, desiring, That the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer may be put off to a farther Day.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Mellor:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable FatrickWemys Esquire to fell certain Houses in

Dublin, for Payment of Debts; and for the settling Lands in the County of Kilkenny, and elsew here, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made between Robert Dashxeood Esqtiiie, and Cholmiey Turner Esquire, of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Bladen reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to w born the Bill lor continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts.

Mr. Serjeant Birch reported from the Committee, to w’hom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for rendering a Security effectual, which was made by James Duke of Ormond, deceased, Grandfather to the Lady Amelia Butler, for raising the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for her Portion, with Interest for the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 18.

A Bill for the farther explaining, and amending, church several Matters relating to Church Judicatures, and Judicature* Patronages, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* *u Scotland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 130 die Junii;

Anno 3® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pr a V ERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dath wood’s for confirming a Partition, made between Robert Dashwood Esquire, and Cholmiey Turner Esquire, of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of O.ron, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Metier:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Earl of House, That the Lords have ordered the Tryal of Robert Oxford’s Im* Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, upon the impeach- PeaclimeDt ment depending against him, which was appointed this Day in Westminster-hall, be adjourned to Monday the

Twenty-fourth Inltant; and that their Lord ships will proceed to the said Tryal, iu Westminster-hall, upon the said Twenty-fourth Instant, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon: Also,

That the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Cuffe's declaring the LTes of Two several Fines, levied by John Estate. Cuffe Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, to Kelly

Esquire, deceased, and Maurice Cuffe Esquire, and the Heirs of the said Joseph Kelly, of certain Lands and Tythes in the Counties of Down and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord William Powlet presented to the House, Earl of Sear-according to Order, a Bill to enable Richard Earl of trough’s Scarborough to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, offi«n8 or as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wemys’

to enable Patrick Wemys Esquire to fell certain Houses Eftats.

in Dublin, for Payment of Debts; and for the settling Lands in the County of Kilkenny, and elsewhere, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled j was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cuffe’s declaring the Uses of Two several Fines, levied by John Estate. Cuffe Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, to Joseph Kelly Esquire, deceased, and Maurice Cuffe Esquire, and the Heirs of the said Joseph Kelly, of certain Lands and Tythes in the Counties of Down and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Game Laws. Order, a Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in being for the better Preservation of the Game: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, the Hockley Acts, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty’s Road.

Reign,

Brow nl owes Estate.

Redeeming South Sea Funds.

Minehead

Election.

59a 13° — 140 Junii, A. 1717.

Reign, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Denton, Mr. Inge, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Yonge, Sir Robert Corbet, Sir Mount ague Blundell, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Conyers, 15ir Richard Farington, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Archer, Sir

Wm.Strickland, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir John Ward, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir ham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. T Mr. Bere, Lord

Chetwynd, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Forester, SirCAa. Turner, Mr. Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Earl, Mr. Westphalin, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Grantham; and all that lerve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord William Powlct reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Brownlowe Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Hertford,

remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coofents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee^ and that the Committee had directed him to re--port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lowndes prelected to the House, according to Order, a Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South-Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of 5/. per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable, in the time and manner thereby prescribed: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the hearing the Matter of the Petition of John Jones and George James, Constables of the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset; and of the several Voters, in behalf of themselves, and others, Voters of the said Borough; and also the Matter of the Petition of George Speke Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Alcombe, in the said Borough of Minehead-,

The Counsel for the said Petitioners, in both Petitions, were called in:

And the Petitions were again read:

And then the Counsel were heard:

Aud the Counsel against the Petition of the Constables objecting to the Constables proceeding upon their Petition; for that the Question, Who was the Returning Officer, is a Matter of private Property, triable at Law; and that this House never took upon them to determine such a Question;

The Counsel on both Sides were ordered to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Counsel be called in; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint them, That this House will not suffer them to dispute the Privileges of this House.

And the Counsel were called in accordingly; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel proceeded; and were heard on both Sides; and several Witnesses were examined.

And then the Witnesses, and the Counsel, withdrew.

Resolved, That the Constables of are the proper Officers to whom the Precept for electing Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, ought to be delivered, and to whom the Execution of such Precept doth belong.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rejbtved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of poor infelvent Debtors in the several County Gaols.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Junii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Edward Rolt Esquire to exchange a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of Hertford, with John Boteler Esquire, for other Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively, as therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Edward Rolt Esquire, to exchange a certain Parcel of Woodlands, in the County of Hertford, with John Boteler Esquire, for other Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling the same respectively, as therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Edgcumbe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defxre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his issue Male, to change their Surname to fVollo-combe, according to the Will of Roger Wollocombe Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Press L. To insert " long as

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to Wollocombe, according to the Will of Roger Wollocombe Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better collecting and levying the Revenue of the Tenths of the Clergy.

Ordered, That Sir William Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. Fox, from the Auditor of the Exchequer, attended;

He was called in; and presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of what Principal and Interest is due on Nevis and Saint Christopher's, Debentures.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The

! ' /

Insolvent Debtors.

Call of the House.

Sheriffii

Accounts.

Rolfs Estate.

Stafford's

Name.

Collection of Tenths.

Ntvis aodStJ Christopher’i Debenture*.

3 Geo. I: 14°

The said Account is as follows 5

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled; pursuant to an Address from this honourable House, the following Account is humbly presented;

An Act CO UN 1' of what is due for Principal and Interest, at Lady-day 1717, on the Debentures made out, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament, to the Sufferers at the Islands of Nevis and Saint Christopher's.

To Principal due on Debentures made out by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to the Sufferers afore- s. d.

laid.....97,936 16 6

ToTwo Years and a Quarter’s Interest, from 25th Day of December 1714 to Lady-day 1717, at (3/. per Cent. -13,221 9 6

In all - 111,158 6 —

Exchequer, 14th June 1717. '

/. Fox.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Commit- An ingrossed Bill to continue, and revive, several Acts

lioners for therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take. Army Debts. exainjne> and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine such Debts, and grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to the making out Debentures for the fame; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That where any Person, to whom any Pay hath been, or shall be, paid, is, or hereafter shall become, Bankrupt, before such Pay was, or shall be, paid to the Officers or Soldiers to whom the same was, or shall be, due, that the Money owing to the several Officers and Soldiers, to whom the same shall of right belong, be first fully paid out of the Estate and Effefcts of such Person, preferably to any other Debts:

And the said Clause was thrice read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, to lave the Rights of Creditors: And the same was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment wa3 proposed to be made to the Bill; Press 11. L. To leave out " is

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and revive, several Acts therein mentioned, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state, the Debts due to the Army; and also to enable the said Commissioners to determine the said Debts; and to grant Certificates of such Debts, in order to the making out Debentures for the fame; and for enabling the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the forfeited Estates, to certify the Names of Persons who have been in Possession, or received any Rents out of the said forfeited Estates, into the Exchequer; and for enlarging the Time for making Claims on the said Estates;

OO O

and for enabling Trustees for Creditors, or Children, to make Claims for such Creditors, or Children.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

Mi Melons The Lords have pafl'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dilate. Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton Esquire, deceased, Vol. 18.

Jttnii. 593

for the more speedy railing of Maintenance-money, and Portions, for his Daughters; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for con- Wynd*a firming an Agreement made between John Wynd Clerk, EAatt. Vicar of Thirkleby, in the County of and Sir Thomas

Frankland Baronet, for Exchange of the Viearage-house, and certain Lands therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Forfeited Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to Estates. the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer: And the same was received.

A Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in Game Laws, being for the better Preservation of the Game, w’as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Morice, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hill, Mr. Pelham, Mr. tre, Mr. Carter, Lord Wm. Poxvlctt, Sir Hen.

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. SSir Richard Fa ring ton, Mr. Mason, Mr. Hunger ford. Colonel Morton, Sir Robert Furneffc, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Heathcote,

General Rosse, Sir William Gordon, Lord Chcticynd, Mr.

Farrer, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Tho. D'AMr. Forester, Mr. Freman, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Broderick, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Hutcheson, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Ash, Sir

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Diston, Sir Eyles,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gould, Mr. Rudg, Sir And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Managers be appointed to made good Earl of Ox-the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford’s lm-ford and Earl Mortimer. peachment.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the said Impeachment, be the said Managers.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Mead, Mr. Jessop, Mr.

Secretary Addijon, Mr. Craggs, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary to be used at the Tryal of the said Earl; and that they have Power to fit de die in diem -, and to adjourn! to such Time and Place as they think fit: And they are to prepare Evidence, and to proceed in the most speedy and secret Way they can, for the Advantage of the PrO-fecution.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Crotchrode be appointed Solicitor to attend the Managers in prosecuting the Articles of Impeachment against the said Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

A Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Redeeming Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds Cent. South Sea per Annum: and settling on the said Company a yearly Fun<,s*

Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum any Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, to He employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund and Annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the Time and Manner thereby prescribed; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

7 M Resolved,

594 I4° —

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

«ad Mew*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Redeeming The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bank Funds, whole House, upon the Hill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them tQ advance further Sums, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased, at the Rate of Five per Cent, and for other Purposes in this Bill mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Sheriff* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Patents, fcc. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts.

Sheriff* Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Accounts, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

50 Jumi. 1717:

Colonel Grahnie, Mr. Hill, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. lyn, Mr Papillon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. , Mi'.

Foley, Mr. Westphalin, Mr. Ash, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Mr.

Mason, Mr. Cartwright: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.;

Mr. Nicholas reported from the Committee, to whom Heath'* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for f^-. vesting an Estate of Sir Thomas Heath Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confqnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Grantham reported from the Committee, to whom Gam* Law*, the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in being for the better Preservation of the Game, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dir rested him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Or- Throwing at der, a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which frequently hap- Cock*, &c. pen by by Kicking of Foot-balls, and Throw ing at Cocks, within the Cities of London and Wfo and Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Middleton'*

Estate.

Wind’* Ell ate.

Sab bat I, 150 dig Junti;

Anno 3# Georgii Regis, 1717.

PRAYERS.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton Esquire, deceased, for the more speedy Raising of Maintenance-money, and Portions, for his Daughters; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, made between John Wind' Clerk, Vicar of Thirideby, in the County of York, and Sir Thomas Frankland Baronet, for Exchange of the Vicarage-house, and certain Lands therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Person3; and for the Belief of Creditors on the forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the LII>erty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the BPlantations, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth to the British Plantations in America, Dutyfree; and for the more effectual Discovery of, and prolq-cuting, such asihall unlawfully export Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, from Ireland; and for Relief of John Fletcher, in respect to the Duty by him paid for a Quantity of Salt loft in the Exportation for Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pov let do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Forfeited

Estates.

Exporting Iriib Linen.

borough’s *" A to enable Richard Earl of Scarborough to take in qualifying Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and for Office. Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland', and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Cater, Mr. Farrer, Mr Mr Brigudier Grant, General Lumley, Mr. Leigh, Sir James Campbell, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Morton, Mr. -ard, Mr. York, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Allanfon, Sir Hen. Ash-hurst, Mr. Tttfined, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Smith, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Jejj'of, Mr. Forrester, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Clayton, Mr. London, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pigott, Mr, Grantham, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Onslow,

The House, according to Order, refinned the Adjourn- sheriff* ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Account*, whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question feveially put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- i.advBu*.!:'* ing next, resolve 'itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering a Security effectual, which was made by James Duke of Ormond, deceased,

Grandfather

3 Geo. I. 595

Grandfather to the Lady Amelia Butler, for raising the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for her Portion, with Interest for the fame.

l.ady The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole

Waited House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for, and Settlement upon, Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Pas the would have been intitled to, in case her laid Husband was naturally dead.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pringle took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pringle reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

l adv Nairn’s The 'House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the Life of William Murray, late Lord her Husband.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord James Murray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord James Murray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

I ady The' House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Southflk’s whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to make tec. forfeited Provision lor the respective Wives and Children of Estate. James late Earl of Southesk; James late Lord

mond;Sir Hugh Paterson, late of ;and

James Stirling, late of Keir.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Brigadier Stuart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Brigadier Stuart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 170 die Junii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

The Lord William Powlet t reported from the Commit- Earl of Scar-tee, to whom the Bill to enable Richard Earl of Scarborough ®

to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, ks V ice for office. Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster Gene-' ral, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office; was committed; That the Committee had made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re|)ort to the House; and be read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments where once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty Lady to make such Provision for, and Settlement upon. Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Panmure, as she Estate. would have been intitled to, in case her said Husband was naturally dead, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty Lady to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Nairn’s Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the ^fr/^ed Life of William Murray, late Lord Naim, her Husband, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty Lady to make Provision for the respective Wives and Children" Southeft’s of James late Earl of Southesk; James late Lord Drum- £ft^r*e‘te4 mond; Sir Hugh Paterson, late of Bannockburn; and James Stirling, late of Keir; be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the further explaining and amending several Church Judi-Matters relating to the Church Judicatures, and Patron- g^uJ"d*n ages, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Campbell, Lord James Murray, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Yonge, Mr. LechmereMr. Cadogan, Lord Win. Powlet, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Tren-chard, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. Bell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Archer, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Wyld, Sir William Lout her, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Haldane,

General Rosse, Mr. Bond, Sir Tho. Sir Tho.

Read, Sir Robert Chaplin, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Morice, General Lumley; and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Prayers.

Daffiwood’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for confirming a Partition, made between Robert

Dashwood Esquire and Cholmly Turner Esquire, of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxon, was read a Second tinte.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Inge, S\r Geo. Warrender, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Gregory, Mr Mr Mr.

Hampden, Colonel Morton, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Ingram, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. White, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bladen, Mr.

Westphalin, Mr. Loxcther, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Travers, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr. Treby, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Ashe, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Archer, Mr. Honyuood, Mr. Herne, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Pringle, Mr Cater, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Bigg, Sir Robert Chaplin, Mr. Mr. Dodrington, Mr. Bew-son. Brigadier Stuart, Mr. Earl, Sir Beaumont, Mr. Peytoe, Mr. Grantham; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxford and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Vol. 18.

A Petition of Hugh Speke Esquire wras presented to the Speke'* House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had Claim*, delivered his Cafe, which is without Parallel, or Precedent, to most of the Members of this honourable House; being in Hopes of finding some Relief therein this Sessions, by having his said Debt included in a Proposal that was intended to have been laid before this honourable House, for the Payment of the late King Williams Debts; which hath now been too long delayed, and retarded, to pass during this Session: And praying the Favour of this honourable House to have his particular same Recommended to his Majesty for such Relief therein, till another Session of Parliament, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom and Justice, shall judge proper and fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the several Game Lam. Laws now in being, for the better Preservation of the Game, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, for the better Preservation of the Game.

Ordered,

59& 17® — 18* 1717.

Ordered, That Mr. Grantham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read; tfopply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Redeeming The House refolred itself into a Committee of the Bank Funds, whole House, to consider further of the Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to- former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance for ther Sums, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent. as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased, at the Rate of Five per Cent.) and for other Purposes in this Bill mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next

Sheriffs Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-

Patents, &c. jjg next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 18° die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

<» A P ETITI ON of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Soap, Sec. f\. Assistants, of the Town and Borough of Tiverton,

in the County of Devon, and of the Merchants, Fullers, Serge-makers, and others, trading and dealing in the Woollen Manufactures in the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Woollen Manufactures within the said Town have been, for Ages past, the principal Support of the poorer of the Inhabitants; and, in case the said Manufactures are not encouraged, the Poor will become too burthensome for the said Town: That vast Quantities of Soap and Candles are daily spent in the working and fulling the said Manufactures; and the Duty on Soap and Candles being so very high, it is a great Clog to the said Manufactures; by Means whereof , the Traders are incapacitated of carrying on their Trades:

And praying to be relieved in such manner as this honourable House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill to enable Richard Earl of

rough to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as for Office? Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland) and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office; was read the Third time.

’ The Amendments following were severally proposed to

be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. Line 6. To insert " and: "

Press 2. Line # To leave out " to: "

And the same was, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable Richard Earl of Scarborough to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland) and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That the Lord William do car ry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Prtwse, Steward of the Manor Expence* i0 of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, was pre-

fented to the House, and read: setting forth, That o{ House. he was required, by Warrant from Mr. Speaker, to permit George Speke Esquire, or his Agents, to inspect the Court-rolls, and other Records, of the said Manor j and to take out Copies and Notes therefrom, as they should think fit; and to attend this House the 13th Instant with the said Court-rolls and Records; and that he did produce the said Court-rolls; and did appear, and was examined; but that Mr. Speke's Agent refuseth to give him reasonable Satisfaction for the same: And praying, That he may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said T homos Prowse be paid his reasonable Charges, to be settled by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That such Members of the Committee ap- Eari of pointed to be Managers of the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford’* Oxford and Earl Mortimer, as are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, be impowered to examine, in the most solemn manner, such Persons as shall be judged necessary to be produced at the said Tryal.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House to Lady whom the Bill for rendering a Security effectual, which Builer’f was made by James Duke of Ormond, deceased, Grand-. Eftaw. father to the Lady Amelia Butler, for raising the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for her Portion, with Interest for the fame, be discharged from proceeding u[>on the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Select Committee, to proceed upon, and examine, the Allegations of the Bill:

And it is referred to Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Herne, Sir.

Onslmv, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Grantham, General Rosse, Mr. Wmstanley, Lord Wm. , Mr. If, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Leigh, Mr. cot, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr Longueville, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Carter, Mr. Jessop, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. , Mr. Archer,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir John Conway, Sir Hickman, Mr. Pringle, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. son, Mr. Denton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Haunter, General Lumley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mason, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Lut-wich, Lord Guernsey, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Lorwther,

Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Westphalin, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Lord Finch, Mr. Earl, Colonel Bladen, Sir Tho.

Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Haldqne, Sir Tho. Mr. Brom-

ley, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Strickland And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to proceed upon the Bill on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cockermomh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the Room of Nicholas Lechmere Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for Life.

A Petition of Charles Stanhope Esquire was presented to ..... the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner port urB stood Candidate for Burgess of Milbourn Port, in the Election. County of Somerset, in the room of John Cox Esquire, deceased; and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal 20 Votes

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Insolvent Debtors.

Forfeited

Dilates.

Edinburgh City Revenue.

3 Geo. I. i8° — i<

Votes upon the Poll; and was returned, as duly ele®ed, to the Sheriff, by George Man and Robert Evered, the Two capital presiding Bailiffs, who was present at the said Election: That Guy White the elder, and John Barrett, alias Barwic/t,who were appointed by the capital Bailiffs as their Sub-Bailiffs; but had not qualified themselves for those Employments according to Law, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament; yet, being influenced by Michael Harvey Esquire, the other Candidate, took upon themselves to return him, as duly chosen, to the Sheriff, who accepted thereof, and refused the Petitioner: And the said Michael Harvey, by Bribery, confining and threatening several Voters of the Petitioner’s, got several Persons to vote for him, though less in Number than those for the Petitioner; and the Sub-Bailiffs refused to accept of several legal Votes for the Petitioner: And praying, That a Day may be appointed him for the Making out of his said Right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ele®ions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instru®ion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts was committed:

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

\ Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of poor insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols.

Ordered, That it be an Instru®ion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer; is committed; That they have, Power to receive a Clause, That, when any of the forfeited Estates shall be fold, all the Creditors on such Estates, whose Claims shall be allowed, be, in the First place, satisfied, before any Payments be made out of such Estates to the Commissioners, or any others, for contingent Charges.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Brozcning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended or sold, within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City; and for discontinuing the Payment of the Dues commonly

" Junii. 5 9 7

called the Petty-port Customs, at Edinburgh during the Continuance of the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Middleton’s for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton Esquire, Estate-deceased, for the more speedy railing of Maintenance-money and Portions for his Daughters; and for other Pyrposes in the Bill mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm. Pozclett, Sir John Cope, Mr. Mr. Cater,

Sir Mountague Blandell, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Plumptre, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. FMr. Yonge, Mr. York, Mr. Bell, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Treby, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Western, Mr. Farrer, Sir-Colonel Morton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jacob AJlley,- Mr.

Rudge, Mr. Wyld, Mr. White, Sir WGordon, Mr. Inge,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Monro, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Lade, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Hampden, Mr'. Chulmley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Serjeant Birch, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Mr.

Butler, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Archer, Mr. Vernon-, and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Surrey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Tewkesbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Anthony Lechmere Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General, and Cashier, of his Majesty’s Customs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vacation of repeal so much of the A®, passed in the Sixth Year of her Seats by late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, as relates to the making any Person capable of being again ele®ed, after the Acceptance of any Office of Profit from the Crown: And that Mr. Horatio JValpole, and Mr.

Daniel Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Privilege. Thomas Bills, a Bailiff, hath arrested William Burridge, a menial Servant of William Yonge Esquire, a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Ele®ions to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. '

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A® Wind’s for confirming an Agreement, made between John Wind Estate. Clerk, Vicar of Thirkleby, in the County of York, and Sir Thomas Frankland Baronet, for Exchange of the Vicarage-house, and certain Lands therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Strickland, Sir Wm. St. Qumtin, Mr. Chulmley, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Afie, Mr. Treby, Lord Cajllecomer, Mr. TujheU, Mr. Farrer, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Mr.

ham, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Dockminique,

7 N Mr.

19° — %o° . A. 1717.

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cater, Mr. Wyid, Lord Mdefieorth, Mr. Hutchefan, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Morton, Mr. Lade, Mr. Gould, Mr. Bond, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Emi, Mr.

land, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir Tho.

Wheate, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bertie’, and all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Davies’ The Earl of Barrymore reported from the Committee, Estate. vv'nom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifyiDg Defects in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and effectually securing the Payment of his Debts; and making Provisions for the younger Children of Robert Davies his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had oven their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent. us shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances and for continuing certain Provisiow formerly made for the Exrpences of his Majesty's Civil Government; mid for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in this Bill mentioned; was committed;

’be received upon Friday Morning next.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Sheriffs Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill far the Accounts, more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed:

And several more of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Repeat be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till-To-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

FrenchTrade Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Welt indies Majesty, ’That he will be graciously pleased to direct, That n ie8‘ the Propositions of France, to exclude themselves from all Trade of their Subjects, and Ships, to the Spanish West Indies-, with a Reservation of Contraft,

and licensed Ships, granted to Great Britain; and what Proceedings have since been thereupon; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Redeeming A Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea FundsSea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent.

per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds perCent. per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund and Annuities to be hereafter redeemable, in the time and manner thereby prescribed; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

S«Ppl/- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning and Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Redeeming Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bank Funds, whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provilbes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances,

Jovisy 200 die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Sherifls journed Consideration of the Report from the Accounts. Committee, to whom the Bill for the more ealy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom Hockley the Bill for explaining, and making more- effectual, the Road* Acts, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stotty' Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Simon Lord Lovat was presented to the Forfeited House, and read; letting forth, That, by an Act, passed Estates. the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for encouraging all Superior Landlords, Vassals, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all superior Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, there, who have been, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his said Majesty j and for making void all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances, made there, forbearing or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures that may have been, or shall be, incurred there, on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whole Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for the better disarmingdilaffefted Persons in Scotland; it is also. Enacted, That the Lords Justiciary in Scotland might summons such Persons, as they should think proper, to appear before them at such Days as they should name, to find Bail; and, in case of not appearing,

to

Forfeited

Estates.

3 Geo. I.

20" Junii.

5 99

to forfeit both their Angle and Life-rent Escheats, and fame, as they were entitled to before the Forfeiture; but likewise 500l.: That Alexander M‘Kenzie, late of Frazer- the Judgments, and Execution thereon, shall be subjefit

dale, was summoned to appear; but he not appearing, the to an Appeal of any Party aggrieved: laid Lords pronounced Sentence against him: That the And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which said M'Kenzie, having forfeited both Life-rent and Angle were Ailed up, and amended by the House; and, upon Escheat, and 500l. his Majesty was pleased, by a Grant the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

under the Privy Seal, to grant to the Petitioner the said Life-rent, and Angle Escheat, and the 500 /.: That, in a Bill now depending, intituled, A Bill to impower his Majesty to make ProviAon for the Widows of forfeited

to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Crown Lands, in the Possession of any attainted Perl'on, shall remain in the Crown, and at the Disposal

Persons, there is a Clause declaring, That all the Estates of his Majesty, in the same manner with other Crown real and personal of the Persons attainted, who were Lands:

charged to appear according to the Directions of the said And the said Clause Was twice read; and, upon the Act for encouraging Superiors, that are, and were, vested Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the FIoulc to be in his Majesty for the Use of the Publick, subject to the made Part of the Bill.

fame Limitations and Conditions with the forfeited Estates Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, of other attainted Persons, who were not charged to ap- That the Money received, or to be received, by virtue of pear, without any Deduction or Reservation on Account any Grant from his Majesty, shall be deemed as lb. much of the said Forfeitures of single-and Life-rent Escheats, Money received by Claimants, in Discharge of the and Fines of 500l.: That,.the said Alexander M'Kenzie Money or Estate claimed:

having been attainted, the Petitioner humbly apprehends, by this Clause, the said Grant may be declared void: And praying, That a Clause may be admitted, to save to him the Benefit of his Majesty’s Grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer; is committed; be received.

Mr. Comptroller, according to Order, reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments they had made to the said Bill; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, for explaining a Doubt that hath arisen concerning the single and Life-rents Escheats of several of the attainted Persons in Scotland, and concerning Fines of 500 /. to be levied from their Estates, on account of Forfeitures by them

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Call of the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Lady That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to make such Panmure’s ProviAon for, and Settlement upon,]\Iargaret the Wife of James late Earl of Panmure, as ftie would have been 1 e' entitled to, in case her said Husband was naturally dead, be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

rr , r v- (Mr. Abercrombie,

Tellers for the Yeas,) Mr. Priuglc:

'Mr. Yonge,

139-j 16.

Tellers for the Noes, r. ->

(Mr. Benson:

So it was refelved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

r - . Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

incurred, for not appeanng upon a Charge gt.cn them A, Aa to ellable his Majes, to make such pr, vi(«m

after the First of September 1715, and before the 23d of f,; m|, S(, MWnt ,,r, wife ,f Jam*

January, in the said Year;

adding,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by at the End thereof, a Proviso, That the Act should not invalidate a Grant made by his Majesty, 23d August 1716, to the Lord Lovat, of the single and Life-rent Estate, and Sum of .500l. Penalty, incurred, and forfeited to his Majesty, by Alexander McKenzie, of Frazerdale, on account of his not appearing before the Lords of the Judiciary, when summoned so to do, pur- Life of William Murray, late Lord Nairn, her Husband,

for, and Settlement upon, Margaret the Wife of James late Earl of Panmure, as ftie would have been entitled to, in case her said Husband was naturally dead.

Ordered, That Mr. Pringle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty Lady Naim’* to make ProviAon for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her forfeited Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the

Estate.

suant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Amendment;

And the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Amendment proposed was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Clause, lb amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Clause B, being read a Second time, waS, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners to hear and determine Claims, and, on Judgment by them given for the Claimants, by Precept directed to the Sheriff of the County where the Estate lies, to command him to deliver Possession to the Claimant; and all Persons, claiming Rent- of the Supply granted to his Majesty, charges out of forfeited Estates, to have Power of Distress morrow Morning, and Re-entry,' and such other Remedies for recovering the Vol. 18.

be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty Lady to make ProviAon for the respective Wives and Children Southeik’s of James late Earl of Southesk, James late Lord Drum- forfeit€(1 mond, Sir Hugh Paterson late of Bannockburn, and 1 dUS‘ James Stirling late of Keir, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning sheriffs next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Patents, &c. upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pass their Accounts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- insolvent night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtors, upon the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors in the several County Gaols.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further

be received To-

And

6oo

Duke of Rutland’s and Marquis of Granby’s Estates.

Fulford’s

Estate*

3rovmlo«’s

Estate.

Answer to Address.

Duke of

Mountagut’s

Estate.

Dumfries Church, &c.

110 Junii. A. 1717.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerts, 21* Junii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the Mod; Noble John Duke of Rutland, and John Manners Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Granby, Son and Heir appareut to the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton, only Child of the Right honourable Robert Lord; and also for

veiling the Estates of the said Robert Lord Lexington, and Bridget Sutton, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for the Marriage-portion of the said Bridget Sutton; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Brigadier Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other

Sons, to put in Execution the Powers of granting Leases, given by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford Eftfuire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Foie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Brownloe Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of

Lincoln, York, Middlesex, and Hertford, remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making efifeftual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

V

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the Houife, That their Address of Wednesday last, relating to the Propositions of France to exclude themselves from all Trade of their Subjects, and Ships, to the Spanish West Indies; with a Reservation of the Assiento Contraft, and licensed Ships, granted to Great Britain and what Proceedings have since been thereupon; hath been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty hath been plenfed to give Directions to the proper Officer to lay the same before this House, as soon as may be.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Duke of s Estate, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Onc-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, anil Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town; and for building a Church, and making a Harbour, there; without Amendment.

And then the Mcfliugers withdrew.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 2,842 /. 12 be granted to his Majesty, for Half-pay for the Officers of the late Regi- t ments of Foot commanded by Brigadier James,

and Sir James Wood, late in the Service of the States General, from the 25th of April 1717 to the 24th of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 4,000l. per Annum, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the several Sheriffs of England and Wales to take out their Patents, pals their Accounts, and obtain their Quietus’s.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 24,195/. 18$. 'be granted to his Majesty, for Payment of so much remaining due upon several Bills of Exchange drawn for the Service of the late Expedition to Canada.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Lands in the I (land of Christopher’s,

yielded by France to Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, be sold to the best Advantage; and that the Produce of the same be applied to the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.That such Deficiencies as, at the End of any Year, shall appear to be in the Funds of the South Sea Company to answer all the Annuities which are to be payable out of the fame, shall be made good, from time to time, out of the Monies to be raised on the General Fund, to be established in this Session of Parliament, for redeeming the Lottery Orders and Annuities, now payable out of the Hereditary Excise, or else by Annuities of Five Pounds per Cent, redeemable by Parliament, to be paid, and transferrable, at the Bank of England.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from Redeemiag the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bunk Funds, redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thou land Pounds, at Five per Cent. as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in the said Bill mentioned; was committed; to offer a Clause, pursuant to the Second of the said Resolutions, touching taking out Sheriffs Patents, passing their Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus's.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Redeeming of the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming the South Sea yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Fund3-Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds perCent. per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raile, for an Annuity or Annuities, at Five perCent. per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said last Resolution, for making good Deficiencies in the Funds of the South Sea Company.

The

3 Geo. I. 2i° — 1

The other Orders of the D&y being read;

Redeeming Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-South Sea ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, alter the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for any Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent.per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable, in the time and manner tHere-N by prescribed.

\Vav» The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, ^hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Refutations; which they had directed -him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

redeeming Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bank Funds, whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent, as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government: and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in the said Bill mentioned; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

for rectifying Defe61s in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies' Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Coun- Estate-ties of Denbigh and Flint; and effectually securing the Payment of his Debts,.and making Provisio younger Children of Robert Davies, his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of Barrymore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Sale of Part of the Duke of Mount ague's Estate, for Mountague’s the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; and for set- Estate' tling other Estates, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; w as read the Firfi time. »,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Duties on Fullers, and others, trading and dealing in the Woollen So!*1’’ Manufacture, in and near the Town of , in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Woollen Manufactures within the said Town have been the principal Support of the poorer Sort of People; and, in case the said Manufactures be not encouraged, the Poor will become a Burthen greater than the said Town can bear: That there are vast Quantities of Soap weekly used in working and fulling the said Manufactures; and the Duties, payable on Soap, being lb very considerable, renders it very difficult to dispose of their Goods, in foreign Parts, at a Market-price, and uncapable of carrying on their Trades, unless proper Methods are taken to retrieve the fame: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for enabling his Ma- Forfeited jesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; liftate*. and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer;, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab batty 2 2° die 'Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

York Q1R William Lore t her presented to the House, accord-

all Debts, ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts in the West. Riding of the County of York: and the same w'as received.

Heath’s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dilate. for veiling an Estate of Sir Thomas Heath Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mcller and Mr.

Orlcbar:

Mr. Speaker,

Kugent’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act forfeiwd to enable Susanna Kathar to liie for, recover, te’ and hold, the Portion of Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father’s Estate: notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry of her Husband, liya-cinthusNugent Esquire; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vol. 18.

A Petition of John Murray Esquire, John Houston, Ditto. George Dunbar Esquire, Mr. James , and Mr. William Drumond, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors upon several Estates in Scotland, forfeited by the late Rebellion, was presented to the House, against the said Bill:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Petition be brought up;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Mult Duties. Perry, for the Service of the Year 1717; and to authorize Allowances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods imported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sarke, and Alderney; and to ascertain the Dudes upon Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits, carried Coastwise; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

7 O Table:

602 22° Junil -tf. 1717.

Table: Where they were read; and are as follow;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as will discharge the principal Sum of 61,707 /. 35. 2d. resting unsatisfied on the low Wine Act, which expired the 24th of 1714, and the

Interest thereof, be raised, for that Purpose, upon the Lottery-Funds, and such Annuities as are intended to be redeemed by Parliament, by any Act of this Session, by granting Annuities, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the fame, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as will discharge the principal Sum of 314,219/. 11 s.2i d.resting unsatisfied upon the Duties on Candles, by the Act which expired the First Day of May 1715, and the Interest thereof, be raised, for that Purpose, upon the Lottery Funds, and such Annuities as are intended to be redeemed by Parliament, by any A ft of this Session, by granting Annuities, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the fame, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much as will discharge the principal Sum of 377,014/. 16$. lid to make good Deficiencies of the Supplies granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, and the -Interest thereof, be raised, for that Purpose, upon the Lottery Funds, and such Annuities as are intended to be redeemed by Parliament, by any Act of tlm Session, by granting Annuities, not exceeding the - Rate of Four Pounds j oer Cent, per Annum, for the lame, redeem-

able by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as will discharge the principal Sum of 24,195/. 18$. 2d.retting unsatisfied upon several Rills of Exchange drawn for the Service of the late Expedition to Canada, and the Interest thereof, be raised, for that Purpose, upon the Lottery Funds, and such Annuities as are intended to be redeemed by Parliament, by any Act of this Session, by granting Annuities, not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per for the fame, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Power be granted to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for creating an Interest, not exceeding Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, upon such Debentures as shall be issued, pursuant to an Act, of this Session, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and Hate, the Debts due to the Army; and for paying the said Interest out of the Funds redeemable by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are ordered to prepare a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions of the House, for Redemption of the Funds, in order to satisfy the National Debts, That they insert a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolutions, this Day agreed unto, in any of the said Bills not yet brought in.

Redeeming Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the

Rank Fund*. Committee the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent. as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were once read; and one of them, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Royal Aflat Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1717; and to authorize Allowances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods imported from the Blands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sarke, and Alderney, and

to ascertain the Duties upon Sheep-ikins and Lamb-steins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits, carried Coastwise:

An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended or sold, within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City; and for discontinuing the Payment of the Dues commonly called the Petty-port Customs, at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of this Act:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town; and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there:

An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham:

An Act for repairing the Highways from several Places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for electing Trustees for keeping up a sufficient Number for the repairing the Highways upon the Roads from Highgate Gatehouse to Barnett Blockhouse; and also the Highways between Kilburn Bridge and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St.

Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish-Church:

An Act for settling the Estates of the Most Noble John Duke of Rutland', and John Manners Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Granby, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Granby with the honourable Bridgett Sutton, only Child of the Right honourable Robert Lord Lexington; and also for veiling the Estates of the said Robert Lord Lexington, and Bridget Sutton, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money for the Marriage-portion of the said Bridget Sutton:

An Act for confirming a Partition, lately made, of the Estate of Sir John Brownlowe Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Lincoln, York, Middlesex, and Hertford, remaining unfold; and Articles of Agreement relating the reunto; and also the several Conveyances made of the divided Parts; and for making effectual a Fine and Recovery, intended to be levied and suffered, of a Fee-farm Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Part of the Estate in the said County of Hertford:

An Act to enable John Barrington, alias Shute, El-quire, and his Blue Male, to change their Surname to Barrington, according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington Esquire, deceased:

A»

Redeeming Bask Fundi.

J^adv

Nairn’s

forfeited

Iftate.

Lady

Southefk's &c. forfeited £ Kate i.

3 Geo. I.

22® — 24' Junii.

603

An Act to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some of the Barons of the Exchequer in England to administer to Thomas Hopkins Esquire, the Oaths for the due Execution of the Office or Offices of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger, in the Port of the City of Dublin, granted to him for his Life:

An Act to enable Susanna Nugent to sue for, recover and hold, the Portion of Fourteen hundred Pounds, provided for her out of her Father’s Estate; notwithstanding her Coverture, and the Outlawry of her Husband, IlyacinthusNugent Esquire:

An Act to enable Francis Fulford Esquire, and his first and other Sons successively, to put in Execution the Power of granting Leases, given by the last Will and Testament of Francis Fulford Esquire, deceased:

An Act for vesting an Estate late of Sir Thomas Heath Knight deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses:

An Act for rectifying Defects in a Settlement, made by Robert Davies Esquire, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Denbigh and Flin; and effectually securing the Payment of his Debts; and making Provisions for the younger Children of Robert Davies, his Son; and settling the said Estates, subject thereto.

The House proceeded upon the Report of the Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent. as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent. and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act shall hinder the making good Deficiencies which, at any time, shall happen in the yearly Fund of 116,573/. 12 s. mentioned in an Act i°

Regis', but that the same shall be made good out of any publick unappropriated Monies:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments u'ere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the Lite of William Murray late Lord Nairn, her Husband, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady Nairn, and her Children, out of her paternal Estate, forfeited during the Life of William Murray late Lord Nairn, her Husband.

Ordered, That the Lord James Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the respective Wives and Children of James late Earl of Seuthesk, James late Lord Drummond, Sir Hugh Pater fan late of Bannockburn, and James Stirling late of Keir, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

The several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 2. L. 29. Before " Sir," insert " the late L. 35. Before " Sir," insert " the late Vat. 18.

Prels 2. L. 36. Leave out " late :*

L. last, Before " Sir," insert " the late Press 3. L. 1. Leave out " late

L. 7. Before " Sir," insert " late;" and, before " of," leave out " late

L. 20. Before " Sir," insert " the late L. 21. Before " of," leave out " late L. 24. Before " Sir," insert, " the late f and, in the same Line, leave out " late

Press 4. L. 3. Before "Sir," insert "the late;" and, before " of," leave out " late :*

L. 7. Before " Sir," insert " the late L. 8. Before the First " of," leave out " late And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pals: And that the Title be An Act. to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the respective Wives and Children of James late Earl of Southejk, James late Ix>rd Drummond, the late Sir Hugh Paterson of Bannockburn, and James Stirling late of Keir.

Ordered, That Brigadier Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Sheriffs ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Patents, &c. House, upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pals their Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

L/unce,24.0 die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717. Prayers.

THE Lord William Powlctt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, made between Robert Dashwood Esquire, and Cholmley Turner Esquire, of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of O.von, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, the Acts, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for amending the Road between Ilockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Prels last, L. To leave out the Clause following; viz. " And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared, That, " from and after the passing this present Act, no higher " or greater interest than after the Rate of Five Pounds " per Cent, per Annum shall be paid, or allowed, for any " Sum or Sums of Money lent, or due for Materials or " Work had or done for and towards repairing the said " Highways, by virtue of the said former Acts, or either " of them; any Contraft; or Agreement thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

Dalh wood's Eltat*.

Hockley

Road.

And the Clause was cut off of the Bill, at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, the Acts, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered,

5o4

24* — 25* Junii.

A. 1717.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the merits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, Lords, and desire their Concurrence. when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Morning.

'Browning:

Thynn’s

Estate.

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate at Corsham, in Wiltshire, in the surviving Trusteie and Executor of the last Will of Henry Frederick Thynn Esquire, deceased, and his Heirs, to make Sale thereof for the Execution of the Trulls created by his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will be prefect at the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl , as a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Managers, appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against the said Earl, do first go out of the House to the Places appointed for them in /Vesttnimter-hall, before the other Members do go out of the House.

Ordered, That, after Mr. Speaker shall have left the Chair, the Members be called over, by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual, for their more regular proceeding.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Earl of House, That their Lordships are now about going down Im*

into Westmins terrhall. peachment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to go into Westminster-hall.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members went into Westminster-hall.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Solicitor General, One of the Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Robert

Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, reported, That the

Lords acquainted them, That the Lords have come to a Resolution, That the Commons be not admitted to proceed, in order to make good the Articles against Robert

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer for High Crimes and House, till the County for which he serves be called. Misdemeanors, till Judgment be first given upon the Ar-Ordered, That no Persons, but Members of this House, tides for High Treason: Upon which, the Managers for do presume to fit in the Places appointed for the Members the Commons acquainted their Lordships, That they conceived it to be so much the undoubted Right of the Commons to proceed in their own Method, in Maintenance of the Articles exhibited by them; and did apprehend, that this Resolution of their Lordships might be of such fatal Consequence to the Rights and Privileges of all the Commons of Great Britain; that they could not take upon them'to proceed any further, without resorting to the House of Commons, for their Directions therein.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-

in Westminster-hall.

Ordered, That the Passages for the Members of this House to and from their Places in JFestminster-hallbe

kept clear, for their more convenient Passage: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody all such Persons as shall be in the Places prepared for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, before the Members do go into their sideration Tomorrow Morning.

Places; and also all such Persons as thall attempt to come into the Places while the Members of this House are fitting the re.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers be called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And then the Members were called over, by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual:

And they went into Westminster-hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 5* die yunti;

Anno 3® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill' for rendering a Security effectual, which was made by James Duke of Ormond, deceased,

Lady Butler tltaie.

Redeeming South Sea Funds.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Tw o millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Atnend-

Grandfather to the Lady Amelia Butler, for raising the -Sum of Six thousand Pounds for her Portion, with Interest for the fame, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally.put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrossed.

Mr! Bladen reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the honourable William Esquire,

in the Name and Behalf of the Commissioners of Equivalent; and of James Campbell Esquire, in the Name and Behalf of the publick Creditors in Scotland; was referred; and to whom the Report from the Commissioners nominated and appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patents, pursuant

Public Dtbli of Scotland.

3 Geo. I.

25* Junii.

605

suant to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of Equivalent; was all'o referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

mate only; and not then wholly laid out, as all the other Public n?ht* Incidents in that Account were; but it appeared to the of Scotland. Committee, That the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and Fees and Salaries of their Servants, amounted to a less Sum than that allowed of by the alore-said Act 6° Anna-, and that the Payments of the Incidents, and necessary Charges, of the Office, is authorized by the same Act:

That the Report of the Commissioners appointed to take and state the Debts due, and growing due, to

That the Committee, in pursuance of an Order of this land, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union,

House of the 12th Instant, have taken into Confide-ralkm the livid Petition; and do find the Matter of Fast to be as follows, viz.

That..... upon reading an Act, of 12° Anna Regina, intituled, An Act to acquit and discharge the Commissioners of the Equivalent, Qc. that a capital Sum of 230,308 I.

9 s. 10 d. i Parts of a Peny was stated due to the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, on the 24th June 1714; and, by that Act, the Commissioners of the Equivalent were directed to call for, receive, and cancel, all the Certificates, Warrants, and Debentures, which, in pursuance of an Act of 6" Anna, intituled, An Act for further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, had been granted for the Debts aforesaid; and to issue out new Debentures for the said Sums to the Persons respectively intitled thereto, bearing Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from and after the said 24th

which was referred to this Committee, was likewise taken into Consideration, and it appeared to the Committee, That there’s just Cause for Payment of the above Sum of 31,565/. 2 5. d.stated due on the 24th June Instant; but from the Preamble, and the Observation contained in Page 29, as likewise from the Con-elusion of the said Report, it appeared to the Committee, That the Accounts of the Equivalents due, neither were, nor could yet be, brought by the said Commissioners to any final Conclusion, for the Reasons assigned in the leve-ral Parts of the Report, there referred to.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, of the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the

June 1714; and it appeared to the Committee, upon Exa- Equivalent: And that Mr. Bladen and Mr. Abercromby mination.of Three_of the Commissioners of the Equiva- do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lent then present, That the said Commissioners have proceeded to issue Debentures accordingly:

That, upon reading an Act, of the Fil'd Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and of the Commissioners of the Equivalent; it appeared to the Committee, That the Lords of the Treasury were impowered, on or before lft November 1715, to issue their Orders for Payment of One Year’s Interest, to the 24th June 1715, of the said capital Sum of 230,308 /. 9.?. 1 due to the said Creditors; and for Payment of the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, the Fees and Salaries of their Servants, and necessary Charges to that time, amounting, in the Whole, to 15,822/. 8$. 7-£</..* And, upon Examination of the said Commissioners, and

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Itateof Five Pounds per Cent.per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; und to raise for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five Pounds perCent. per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said mew yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter re* deemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-

Redeeming South Sea Funds,

the Agent for the Creditors, it appeared to the Commit- ration after the Report, made Yesterday, by the Ma-tee, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury have nagers appointed to maintain, the Articles of Impeach-eomplied with the Directions of the aforesaid Act; and ment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, that Part of the above Sum of 15,822/. 8 s. 7 -}d. is paid; shall have been taken into Consideration. and that the Commissioners of Equivalent are in Expectation of the Remainder: f Then the House proceeded to take the said Report, £arl of

A 4. M M A. L. A 1 , ] T a-v Akl % m 4- yv a a /i a] m {^ at '

And, upon reading another Act, of the First Year of relating to the said Impeachment, into Consideration:

the King, intituled, An Act for relieving William Pater-son Esquire, it appeared to the Committee, That the Commissioners of Equivalent were required, by that Act, to issue to the Laid William Paterson Debentures for the Sum of 18,241 /. 105. 10\d. bearing Interest after the Rate of

And the same was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, in relation to the Proceedings of the Commons in Prosecutions of Impeachments.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to be Ma-

Oxford’* Impeachment.

Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the 24th June nagers to maintain the Articles of Impeachment against

1715: And the Commissioners of the Equivalent present at the Committee said, That, in Obedience to the said Act of Parliament, the Commissioners of Equivalent had proceeded to issue Debentures accordingly.

The honourable William D One of the Peti-

tioners, laid before the Committee an Account of the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Equivalent; and of the Fees and Salaries of their Servants; and of the necessary and incident Charges of their Office, from 24th June 1715 to the 24th June 1717; which, together with the Interest of the aforesaid Two capital Sums of 230,308 /.

9 1.10 \d.and of 18,241/. 10 10 for the same

time, amounted, in all, as appears to the Committee, to 2 s.

Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer be the said Committee: And they are to report their Opinion *0 the House; and are to inspect the Lords Journals, and report to the House what they find therein relating to the Proceeding* on Impeachments: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Earl of Scar-to enable Richard Earl of Scarborough to take in Great borough’s Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Re- qualifying

31,565 /. 25. 5 id.: But the said William Dalrymple said, ceiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majes-That he Incidents, and necessary Charges, of the Office, ty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify from the 25 th March 1717 to the 24th June Instant, himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office; without any which, in the Account, is itated at 300 /, was by Efti- Amendment:

Vol, 18. 7 P And

for Office.

Collection of Tenths.

Earl of Oxfords Impeachment

Message to Lords not to proceed.

Redeeming South Sea Funds.

Earl of Oxford’s Impeachment

Forfeited

Jbftate*.

606 250 — (

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and levying the Revenues of the Tenths of the Clergy, without any Amendment Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordships have ordered Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to be brought to the Bar of their House, in Westminster-hallthis Day, at Eleven a

Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be lent

to the Lords, acquainting their Lordships, That the Commons have taken into their Consideration their Lordships Resolution, communicated to their Managers, relating to the Proceedings on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer;and, being desirous to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, have appointed a Committee to search Precedents upon a Matter of this great Importance; and desire, That their Lordships will not proceed at the Time appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the said Message.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annu; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament j and to raise, for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Vote of the House of Commons, signified by their Speaker, in Writing, to be delivered at the publick Office of the Company, shall be deemed sufficient Notice, within the Meaning of the Ad, for redeeming their yearly Funds, pursuant to the Provilbes of Redemption:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.,

Mr. Carter reported, That he had been at the House of Lords, and delivered the Message directed by the House, and that the Lords answered, Tha't they having taken the said Message into Consideration, their Lordships will not proceed on the Tryal of the Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer at the Time appointed; but will proceed further on the said Tryal on Morning next,

at Eleven a Clock.

An ingossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Estates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of the Wives and Children of the late Duke 0 iOrmond, and others:

And the same was twice read; and amended:

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Prels 10. L. 24. and 25. To leave out " and the Money actually paid to," and, instead thereof, to insert,

" or justly due from

Junii. . 1717.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and the Money actually paid to" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j GiMon .* I 104-

Tellers for the } 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant Relief to the Wives of the forfeiting Persons; and for the Relief of Creditors on forfeited Elates; and for the effectual bringing the Rents and Profits of the said Forfeitures into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pals their Accounts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jessoptook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jessop reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, refojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26* die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Praters. '

MR. Strickland reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, made betweep John IVind Clerk, Vicar of Thirkleby, in the County of York, and Sir Thomas Frankland Baronet, for Exchange of the Vicarage-house, and certain Lands therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton Esquire, deceased, for the more speedy Railing of Maintenance-money, and Portions, for his Daughters; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was committed: That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Duke of s Estate, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates, in lieu thereof, to the same Ulesj v/as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. land, Mr. Yonge, Sir Tho. Cross, Mr. Harvey, Mr. West, 16 " Sir

She rift

Patents,

Wind's

Estate.

Middleton’s

Estate.

1

Duke of Mountague i Estate.

3 Geo. I. 26° 1607

Sir John Cope, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Gnidott, Lord Chetxcy Mr. Sir Orl.

Bridgman, Mr. IVentxcorth, Mr. Earl, Lord Stanhope, Sir Ja. Campbell, Colonel Morton, General Rosse, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Chulmley, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Hitch, Mr.

Morice, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Hill, Sir Peter Mr. Bade, Mr. Bell, Mr. Denton, Mr. Mr.

son, Sir Wm.Lexcen, Mr. Herbert, Sir

Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Booth, Mr. Mr. Boteler; and

all that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Middlefe.v, Berks, and Kent; and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.)

Earl of Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy be added

Oxford’s Im- f0 the Committee appointed to be Managers to make peac iuent_ g00fj t[,e Abides of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

Redeeming Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Fund^ Order, a Bill for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities, payable on Orders out of the hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as ft]all choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Bill are mentioned } and for taking oft’ the Duties on Lint-l’eed imported, and British Linen exported: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Milborn Port A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Election. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Milborn Port, which was appointed to be heard this Day Sevennight, upon Monday Sevennight:

It passed in the Negative.

Salt ofed for Mr. Cunningham reported, from the Committee, to curing Fith. whom the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Fish on the Coast of Fife, and other Places in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, in pursuance of the Order of the , House of the Third of June instant, have examined

the Allegations of the said Petition; and do find the Matter of Fast to be as follows; viz.

That by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for advancing and establishing the Fishing-trade in and about this Kingdom, bearing Date the 21 ft of September 1705, it is Ordained and Enacted, That all White Fish, and Herrings, to be exported, shall bepyned, cured, and packed, from the Bottom to the Top, with foreign Salt allenarly:

And by another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, of the same Date, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Beef and Pork, it is Statute and ordained. That all Beef and Pork to be salted for Exportation be made and packed with foreign Salt:

And by the Eighth Article of the Union it is agreed, That, from and after the Union, the Laws' and Acts of Parliament in Scotland for Pyning, Curing, and Packing, of Herrings, White Fish, and Salmon, for Exportation, with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of or

Vol. 18.

Irijli Salt; and for preventing of Frauds in Curing and Packing of Fish; be continued in Scotland, subject to such Alterations as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain.

That, by the Tenor of the Laws of England, there is no manner of Restraint upon home-made Salt; but that it may be used in curing either Fillies or Fleflies.

And that, upon Examination of the Secretary and Deputy Comptroller of the Salt Office, it appeared to the Committee, That there is no Restraint in England as to home-made Salt; and that the Exporters of Fishes and Fleshes make no Affidavit whether their Fishes or Fleflies for Exportation are cured with foreign or home-made Salt; but that the Drawbacks, in both Cafes, are the fame:

And that, by an Act of the First of Queen Ann, the smallest Size of Fish, for which a Drawback is allowed on Exportation, must contain in Length 18 Inches from the Cone in the Fin to the Third Joint in the Tail of such Fish.

And it appeared to the Committee, upon Examination of Colonel Erskine, and others, That Co^-fish under the Size of 18 Inches, especially those taken in the West of Scotland, are a valuable, vendible, Commodity, in foreign Markets.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for redeeming several Funds of the Redeeming Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pur- Bank bund*, suant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament: and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two Alillions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent, as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clanfe was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not prejudice the Payment of 20,0001, per Annum to his Royal Highness, the Prince of / Vales:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill.

Press 45. L To leave out " unless the fame," and instead thereof, to insert " except such of them as shall

Press 45. L. ult. After " Pounds," to insert " and " Four thousand Pounds

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill w:as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five per Cent, as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five per Cent.; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bladen presented to the House, according to public Debt* Order, a Bill to continue an Act, of the First Year of his of Scotland. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and stating

the

Sheriffs Patents, &c.

Public Debts of Scotland.

Lady Butler’s Eilat*.

Proceedings on Impeachments.

608 26* — 27* Junii 1717.

the Debts due, and growing due, to ,by way of

Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Coin* missioners of the Equivalent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

JlcJ'olved, That the Bill be read a. Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pais their Accounts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jessop took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jessop reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovi$y 270 die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ABILL to continue an Act, of the First Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and Rating, the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in, Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for railing and paying the Lady Amelia Butler’s Portion out of I.ands in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for raising and paying the Lady Amelia Butler's Portion out of Lands in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carter reported, from the Committee appointed to search Precedents in relation to the Proceedings of the Commons in Prosecutions of Impeachments, the Matters they had directed him to report to the House; fthich he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee appointed to search Precedents, in relation to the Proceedings of the Commons in Prosecutions of Impeachments, have inspected the Journals of both Houses of Parliament; and are of Opinion, That it is the undoubted Right of the Commons to impeach a Lord, either for High Treason, or for High Crimes and Misdemeanors; or, if they fee Occasion, to mix both the one and the other in the same Accusation:

That the Impeachment preferred against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer is one continued Accuse-

tion, consisting of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and also of Charges of High Treason: The Fasts on which the Articles preceding those of High Treason are grounded, are laid together in Order of Time, and follow one another successively in the manner they were committed.

As the Commons thought this the most natural Method for exhibiting, the several Articles against the said Earl, they were of Opinion, that they ftmuld proceed in the

Proof of these several Fasts after the same Method; fmee it is manifest, that, in laying open the Course of such a wicked Administration, the preceding Parts of it give Light to those which follow; and that the Proof of several of the Articles of High Crimes and Misdemeanors would naturally lead to the Proof of those of High Treason.

The Lords received these several Articles of Impeachment without making any Exception against the Form in which they were exhibited.: The said Earl made his Answer to them in the same Order j and has no-w here infilled to be tried in any other Method; so that the Com- . mittee are surprised to find a Stop put to the Prosecution of the Commons, by an Objection which has never been darted by the said Earl, and which the Lords' had given them so little Reason to expect.

To this your Committee mull add, That as the Commons only are Matters of the Evidence; and as, upon that account, they are best able to determine what to charge first, and what next; so they are most proper to determine in what Method to proceed for the Advantage of the Prosecution; in the Event of which, all the Commons of Great Britain are so highly concerned:

To which they mull further add, That they fee no Reason but that the Lords may as well invert the whole Order of the Articles, as prescribe to the Commons those particular Articles on which they are first to proceed; which will necessarily produce such a Condition both in the Fast&and Evidence, as is by no means confident with that Cleamels and Perspicuity in which the Committee think this Affair ought to appear.

Your Committee, upon examining Precedents, do fiud divers Precedents of Impeachments for High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, in the same Accusation; and do not find, that the Lords ever ob-jested to such Proceeding, or ever gave Judgment upon any particular Article of an Impeachment, before the Commons had gone through, and concluded, their Evidence upon all the Articles, or so many of them as they thought fit: And your Committee are at a Lois to conceive what Arguments, or Precedents, can be brought to support the Kesolution of their Lordships to give Judgment upon one Part of the same Accusation, referring the other Part for a subsequent Tryal; as they are to know what' their Lordships mean, by admitting the Commons to proceed upon the Articles for High Crimes and Mifde-meanprs, after Judgment is given upon the Articles for High Treason, supposing the Judgment proper for High Treason should be given against the said Earl.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, relating to Proceeding in the Prosecutions of Impeach-'ments.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and to whom it was referred to search Precedents in relation to the Proceedings of the Commons in the Prosecution of Impeachments; do draw up what is proper to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference: And that they do withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, to draw up the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report from the said Committee be referred back to the said Committee.

And the Committee withdrew accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Mcller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore and

others: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being for the better Preservation of the Game, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

Conference * with Lords.

Heldt’*, ire. Nat.

Game Laws

Sheriffs Patents, &c.

Matters to be offered at Conference.

L.

3 Gho. I.

9 cy

' %/] junu.

Mr . Jcssop, according to Order, reported, from the other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, in the same Accu-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the fation; and do not find, that the Lords ever objected to better enabling Sheriff’s to sue out their Patents, and pass such Proceeding, or ever gave Judgment upon any pavti-their Accounts, was committed, the Amendments they cular Article of an Impeachment, before the Commons had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place; and had gone through and concluded their Evidence upon all afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they the Articles, or so many of them as they thought fit: And were once read throughout; and then a Second time, . the Commons are at a Loss to conceive what Arguments, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- or Precedents, can be brought to support the Resolution upon, agreed unto by the House. of your Lordships to give Judgment upon one Part of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the same Accusation, reserving the other Part for a lub-ingossed. sequent Tryal; as they are to know what your Lordships

mean, by admitting the Commons to proceed upon the Mr. Carter reported from the Committee appointed to Articles of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, after the withdraw, and draw up what was proper to be offered to Judgment is given upon the Articles for High Treason, the Lords at the Conference relating to Proceedings in the supposing the Judgment proper for High Treason should Prosecutions of Impeachments, That they had drawn up be given against the said Earl.

the same accordingly; which they had directed him to For these Reasons, the Commons assert it as their unreport to the House; and he read the said Report in his doubted Right to proceed on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Oxford and Earl Mortimer after the Method in which Table: Where it was read; and agreed unto by the their Managers were proceeding, w hen interrupted by House; and is as follows; viz. your Lordships Resolution.

THE Commons, having taken into their Consideration your Lordships Resolution, communicated to their Managers, relating to the Proceedings on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer; and being desirous, as far as in them lies, to maintain a good Correspondence with your Lordships; have desired this Conference; and have commanded us to acquaint your Lord- ships, That they conceive it to be the undoubted, Right of the Commons to impeach a Peer, either for High Treason, or for High Crimes and Misdemeanors; or, if they fee Occasion, to mix both the one and the other in the same Accusation.

The Impeachment preferred against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer is one continued Accusation, consisting of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and also of Charges of High Treason: The Tafts on which the Articles preceding those of High Treason are grounded, arc laid together in Order of Time, and follow one another successively in the Manner they were committed.

As the Commons thought this the most natural Method for exhibiting the several Articles against the said Earl, they were of Opinion, that they should proceed in the Proof of these several Fasts after the same Method; since it is manifest, that, in laying open the Course of such a wicked Administration, the preceding Parts of it give Light to those which follow; and that the 'Proof of several of the Articles of High Crimes and Misdemeanors would naturally lead to the Proof of those of High Treason.

Your Lordships received these several Articles of Impeachment without making any Exception against the Form in which they were exhibited: The said Earl made his Answer to them in the same Order; and has nowhere infilled to be tried in any other Method; so that the Commons are surprised to find a Stop put to their Prosecution, by an Objection which has never been started by the said Earl, and which your Lordships had given them lb little Reason to expect.

To this must be added, That as the Commons only are Matters of the Evidence; and as, uj>on that account, they are best able to determine what to charge first, and what next; so they are most proper to determine in what Method to proceed for the Advantage of the Prosecution; in the Event of which, all the Commons of Great Britain are so highly concerned:

To which they further add, That they fee no Reason but that your Lordships may as well invert the whole

Ordered, That the Lord Morpeth do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being for the better Preservation of the Game And the same w as read; and is as follows;

Game

Laws.

L. 28. Word

After the Second Word " or," and

immediately," insert " such Person

Press 2. before the "be:"

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, w’as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Grantham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition, made between Robert -wood Esquire, and Cholmly Turner Esquire, of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxon, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord WiPowlett do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Floufe hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Middleton Esquire, deceased, for the more speedy Railing of Maintenance-money and Portions for his Daughters; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Yongedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed, to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from 'the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore Vanrheden, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants, Fullers, Serge-makers, and others, trading and dealing in the Woollen Manufacture in the said City of Exon, was

Dashwood’s

Estate.

Middleton's Ell ate.

Heldt’s &c. Nat.

Duties on Soap.

Order of the Articles, as prescribe to the Commons those presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

particular Articles on which they are first to proceed; which will riecefiarily produce such a Confusion both in the Fasts and Evidence, as is by no means confident with that Clearness and Perspicuity in which the Commons think this Affair ought to appear.

The Commons, upon examining Precedents, do find

the Woollen Manufactures within the said City have been, for feme Ages past, the principal Support of the poorer Sort; and, in case the said Manufactures be not encouraged, the Poor will become a greater Burthen than the said City can bear: That there arevaft Quantifies of Soap weekly used in working and fulling the said Manufactures;

divers Precedents of Impeachments for High Treason, and and the Duties payable on Soap being so very considerable, Vo x.. 18. 7 Q that

Wind’*

Estate*

Conference with Lord*.

Redeeming

Lottery

Funds.

Sheriffs

.Accounts*

6i6

27* — aS" Junii.

A. 1717.

that it tenders tlfe Trttdfts uridft gNflt Difficulties t<) dispose of their Goods in foreign Markets, at the Market Price; by mean's wheteOf titey incapable of carrying on their Trades: 'And pinning to be Relieved therein*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie open the Table.

An ihgroffefl Bill, from the 'Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreemerit made between John Wind Clerk, Vicar of Thlrkleby, in the County of York, and Sir Th&mds FrankLtftd Baronet, for Exchange of the Vicarage-hOtife, bnd certain 'Lands therein 'mentioned, was read the Thhxl time.

ttcfobced, That the Bill do pftfe.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland do Cany the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Morpeth reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the'Lords, to desire a Conference, the Lordsdo agree to a Conference; and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up what was proper to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, relating to Prdceedings in the Prosecutions of Impeachments, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to"the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Carter reported, That the Managers had been at (the Confei'ence, and delivered ’ to the Lords what "the House had directed.

A Bill for remedying the Duties and Revenues Which ' were settled* to pay off1 Principal and 'interest on the 'Orders made forth On Four Lottery 'Acts,'passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and: For' tedeeiiiing certain Annuities payable, on Orders out ’ Of the Hereditary Exclfe, according ‘to a former 'Act in that behalf; and for establiftnng a'general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Ratos, to be payable, and transferable, atthe'Bank of England, ana redeemable by 'Parliament,' but also to ‘ raise Monies for such Proprietors of ‘the ihid Orders, as ' shall choose to be paid their Principal, and‘Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Rill are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British linen exported; ‘was ffead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ’ the falrf Bill.

An ingrossed Rill /or the mote easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was read the Third time.

An*Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

’ Press T9. L. Before " Auditors," insert " the

And the same was, upon the Question plit thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabid accordingly.

Resolved, That toe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs j and for ascertaining their Fees, and the Feed for filing out their Patents, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 28* die Junii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

PxXVtES.

fjfl R’IS TO P ft Eft Cilde Meester and John Andrea 'Henmantook toe Oaths appointed, in order to their

Naturmfeation.

Antrtgrtrffed BiH, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tbvnn’* for vesting an Estate at Corsham, in Wiltshire, in the for- E"ate*

viving Trustee and Executor of the last Will of Henry Frederick Thyrm Esquire, deceased, and his Heirs, to mdke Sale theredf, for toe Execution Of (he Trusts created by his Will, was Tend a Second time.

Rcjbbtd, That the ‘ Bill be committed to Mr Conyers,

Mr. 'Brantley, Sir'Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Wyld, Mr.

don, Sir 'Robedt'Corbett, Mr. Nidholas, Brigadier

Sir Rickard *Farrington,‘Sir'Cfa*. Turner, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Stephen Leonard, Lord Molesworth Mr. Mr. Bell, Mr. Lade, Mr. Haldane, Mr. White, Mr.

Frankland, Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Colonel Grahme, Mr Bertie, Mr. 'Morice, Colonel Morton, Mr.‘Godfrey, Mr. Guidott, the Earl of Hertford, Sir WmJWyndhamJSlr John Eyles, Mr Eyles, Mr. >XJrth-tcait, Sir Wm. 'Role, Mr. Chetwynd, 'Mr. Freman, Sir Wm. Hibkman, Mr. Butter, Sir T Mr. Wallop, Mr. ‘Hungerford, Mr. Lmcndes, Colonel Bladen,

Mr. Pappillon, Sir J6(in Norris, Mr. Aror ‘Lord /^ro.

Rowlett, Mr. Eldford, Mr. Diston, Mr. Treby, Mr Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Mr.

'ton, Mr.' Serjeant Birch, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five ‘a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A'Petition of Henry Gorges Esquire, was presented to :the House, andread;' letting forth, That the Petitioner, Election, together with George Cafwall, of the City of JLondon,

Banker, stood Candidates for the Borough of Leominster in the County of Hereford: That the said George Cafwall, by 'hhnself, and his Agents, did openly and notoriously treat and bribe great Numbers of the Electors; by which their Votes were influenced; by means whereof, and of other indirect and corrupt! Practices, the said George Caf-'wall hath procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said ’ Eferough: That the said George Cafwall is not - qualified to'fit as a Member, not having a sufficient Estate } nor hid, at toe time of his Election, 300 Annum,

as required by an Act 9® Anna: And praying this honourable House to take toe same into Consideration; and to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the find Petition be referred to the Con-’ Iteration‘bf‘the! Committee of Privileges and Elections:

‘And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, With their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

‘A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill, from caffe’* the Lofdsj' intituled, An Act declaring the Uses of Two Estate several Fines, levied by John Cuffe Esquire, an his Wife, to Joseph Kelly Esquire, deceased, and Maurice

Cuff'd Esquire, and the Heirs of the said Joseph Kelly, of certain Lands and Tythes in the Counties 01 Down and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, might be now read a'SecoAd time;

’The' Orders of the' Sixth of February, sexto Anna Regina, concerning Bills relating to Estates in Ireland, were read.

Refotced, That the said Bill be now. read a Second ‘time.

The ‘ Bill was accohiingly read a Secoqd time.

: Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel ’ ’ Bladen, Mr. 'Farrer,' Mr. Wyld, Mr. , Lord

11 Wm. Pvwlett, Sir Robert Corbett, Colonel Morton, Mr.

Hillerfden, Mr . Brodrick, Mr. Haldane, Sir Richard r'Farrington, Mr. Gregory, Mt. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Dodd,

Mri: Bristow,' Mv.Phintptre, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Walpole,

Mr.

FrenchTrade to Spanish W^Mias.

Agmondefliam

Writ.

Sheriffs Patents, &c.

Redeeming South Sea Funds.

Message

from Lords for House to continue fitting.

3 Geo. I.

3j° Junii.

6 ii

Mr. Strickland, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Monro, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Clark, Lord Mole(worth, Mr. Northey, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Heath, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bell, Mr. Hill, Sir Tho. Mr. Harvey, Mr. Diston, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

lin, Mr. Chulmley, Mr. Milner, Mr. Lade, Mr. Denton, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Jessop, Sir Roger Mr. Yonge, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Carter, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Pingelly, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Elford, Mr. Guidott: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Addison presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of several Memorials and Letters relating to the Propositions of France to exclude themselves from all Trade of their Subjects, and Ships, to the S Indies; with a Reservation of the AJfiento Contra®, and licensed Ships, granted to Great Britain; and the Proceedings thereupon:

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Backs, in the room of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Fermanagh, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patents, and pals their Accounts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enabling Sheriffs to sue out their Patejits, and pass their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Jessop do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Five per Cent, per Annum, any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prefer i bed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A®’ for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Bate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum redeemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity, or Annuities, at Fi ve per Cenper Annum, any Sum,

not exceeding Two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund, and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire this House would continue fitting for forne time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting for some time, as is desired by the Lords.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Vol. 18.

The Older being read, for the House to resolve it- Redeeming self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were und3‘ settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery A®s, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities, payable on Orders but of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former A® in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for lhch Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready 'Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies aijd Payments as in the Bill are mentioned; and for taking oft’ the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported:

Ordered, That it be an Instru®ion to the said Committee, That they do provide, That the Savings out of the several Funds of the Bank, South Sea Company,

Bankers Debt, and Lotteries, be ftri®ly appropriated to the Discharge of the Principal and Interest of such National Debts as were incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December 1716, and are declared to be National Debts, and provided for by Act of Parliament.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Lords defir* Assesser: ..... ’ a Conference.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords tjefire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subje®-matter of the lqft, Conference.

Anti then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Redeeming Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lottery House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Duties and Reve- funds, nues which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery A®s, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities, payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former A® in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in the Bill are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference Conference do manage this Conference. with Lords.

The Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Carter reported, That the Managers appointed to

manage the Conference with the Lords had been at the Conference; and that the same was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Newcastle; who acquainted the Managers, That their Lordships, in order to preserve a good Correspondence with the House of Commons, which they shall always endeavour to do as far as lies in their Power, have desired this Conference upon the Sub-je®-matter of the last Conference; and have dire®ed us to acquaint you, That their Lordships judge it a Right inherent in every Court of Justice to order and dire® such ^Methods of Proceeding as such Court shall think fit to be observed in all Causes depending before them, which can have no Influence to the Prejudice of Justice, and > where such Methods of Proceedings are not otherwise settled by any positive Rule: The Power of Judicature on all Impeachments being a Right unqueltionably inherent in their Lordships; $nd it pot being determined by any positive

Am

612

a 8" — 2 90 Junii.

A,

1717.

fitive Rule, whether the House of Commons may proceed Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to de- Message to to make good the several Articles exhibited for Mifde- fire that their Lordships will continue fitting for forae Lords to con-meanors in such Order as they shall think fit, before they time. tinue

proceed to make good the Articles exhibited for Higjh . OrdThat Mr. Yonge do carry the said Message. Treason; and there being no Precedent where the Coin- Mr. Yonge reported, That he had, according to Order, mons, upon the Tryal of any such Impeachment, at- been at the Lords, and delivered the Message directed by tempted to proceed, in the First place, to make good any this House; and that the Lords gave Answer, That they of the Articles contained in such Impeachment for High will continue fitting for some time.

Crimes and Misdemeanors; their Lordships considering

the Nature of the Impeachment now depending before Ref That a free Conference be desired with the them, and the Method wherein the Managers for the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the lait Conference.

House of Commons were beginning to proceed upon the Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do go to the Lords, and Tryal, to make good the First Article thereof, which is a desire the said free Conference.

Conference with Lord*.

Charge for High Crimes and Misdemeanors only; and allb considering the very different Methods of Proceedings on an Impeachment of a Peer for High Treason, as

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Redeeming Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- Lottery well before as upon the Tryal thereof, and the Circum- deeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to *un"8* fiances attending such a Tryal, from the Proceedings on pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth an Impeachment of a Peer for High Crimes and Mifde- on Four Lottery Afits, passed in the Ninth and Tenth meanors, and the known Circumstances attending such a Years of her late Majesty’s Reign: and for redeeming Tryal; thought themselves obliged to come to the Relb- certain Annuities, payable on Orders out of the Heredi-lution, communicated to the Commons on the 24th In- tary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; stant, as well for the doing Justice in the same depending and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for before them, as for the preventing a new Precedent to be the future payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be made on this Tryal; in consequence whereof, a new and payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and unjustifiable Form of proceeding against a Peer, upon redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such an Impeachment for High Treason, and High Crimes, Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid might be introduced, at his Tryal, upon those Articles their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; in which lie is charged for High Crimes and Mifde- and Tor making good such other Deficiencies and Payments only; to the Prejudice of the Peerage of Great as in this Bill are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they

meanors

Britain in all times to come; viz. the frying a Peer on Articles for High Crimes and Misdemeanors without the Bar; the detaining in Custody a Peer so accused; and repeated Commitments of him to the , during the time of such Tryal; and subjecting a Peer to as ignomi-

nious Circumstances on his 1 ryal on Articles for Mifde- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-meanors, as if he were then on his Tryal on Articles for ments thereunto; which they had, directed him to re-High Treason: Whereas a Peer, on his Tryal on Ar- port, when the House will please to receive the same, tides for Misdemeanors only, ought not to be deprived of Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow his Liberty, nor sequestered from Parliament; and is in- Morning, titled to the Privilege of fitting within the Bar during the whole time of his Tryal: In all which Particulars, the That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

known Rule of Proceedings in such Cases may be evaded, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, should a Peer be brought to his Tryal on several Articles upon the Bill to continue an Act, of the First Year of exhibited against him for High Chines and Misdemean- . his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and ors, and for High Treason, mixed together; and the stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by

Public Debt* of Scotlan&

way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Commons be admitted to proceed, in order to make good the Articles for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, before Judgment be given upon the Articles for High Treason:

Their Lordships have fully considered the Matters offered to them by the House of Commons at the last Conference relating to the Proceedings against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer-, and their Lordships are fully satisfied,' that the Resolution they have taken, and communicated to the Commons on the 24th Instant, is just and reasonable; and that the House of Commons are not put-under any real Inconvenience thereby, in carrying on their present Prosecution: Their Lordships have commanded us to let P a a y e r s

you know, That they do insist on their said Resolution; , r- , j

Ik. "That the Commons be not admitted to proceed QODFRErlVectdi, Gcufin Peer Srnond.

" in order to make good the Articles egainst RcScrt Earl ?<fT and took the Oaths

of Oxford and fir! Mortimer for High Crimes and aPP°ln'e<l> ln order to ,helr Naturalisation

Sabbati, 290 die Junii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Earl of Oxford's Impeachment.

Misdemeanors, till Judgment be first given on the Artides for High Treason."

Resolved, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore Vanrheden, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. London, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Bell, Sir Richard Far-

rington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Deacle, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Travers, Mr.

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Sir Geo.Warrender, House, That they have ordered Robert Earl of Oxford Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hitch, Mr, Westphalia, Mr. and Farl Mortimer to be brought to the Bar of their rick, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mr. Mr.

House, in ]Westminster-hall, Tomorrow Morning, being rice, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Cox, Saturday the 29th of this instant June, at Eleven a Clock, Mr. Monro, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Milner, Mr. West, Mr. order to proceed further on the Tryal of the said Gzvyn, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Serjeant Mead, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lord

22 Molesworth,

Heldts, 4r.

Nat.

in

Earl.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

3 Geo. I.

2 90 Junii — 1° Julii.

613

Lords Antwfr to Message.

Redeeming

Lottery

Lunds.

Molesworth: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in tl»e Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pelham reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords answered, That they will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal, and Interest, on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that Behalf, and for

A

Lufuey i° die Julii;

Anno 30 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer

and Mr. Holford;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lady to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for, and Settlement upon Margaret the Wife of James late Earl Estate. of Panmure, as file would have been entitled to, in case

her Husband was naturally dead, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Roger Stafford Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to

Stafford’*

Name.

establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future ^ollocombe, according to the W ill of Roger Tl olio combe

r'.. . 0 - J ... r . u/* ..:___.1____r- J ’.I_____._____A_______1____ 4.. A1/2.

Payment of Annuities, at several Rales, to be payable and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies, and Payments, as in this Bill are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and liritish Linen exported; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the same were once read throughout; and

Conferenc*

refuted.

Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That, the Subject-matter of the last Conference concerning a Point of Judicature determined by their Lordships after the Tryal began, their Lordships do not think fit to give a free Conference on the Subject-matter of the last Conference, as is desired by the House of Commons: Also,

We are commanded to acquaint this House, That their Earl of Lordships have ordered Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer to be brought to the Bar of their House in Westminster-hall this present Monday, at Eleven a Clock

Impeach-

ment.

then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question *n forenoon, in order to proceed further in the Tryal severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was of the said Earl.

Public Debt* of &cfcilaud.

disagreed unto, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appropriating all the Monies granted this Session of Parliament:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then tbs Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for dividing of Annuity Orders:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of tire House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgixiftbd.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, of the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Rchef of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for impowering

Member*

summoned.

Conference with Lord*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and liiminon the Members there to attend the Sendee of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message relating to the free Conference desired by this House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, do draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chambers, and draw up the fame.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to desire them to defer their going down into Westminster-hall for feme time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gibbon do carry the said Message.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee appointed to ®ea!?ns

1 tv r r , . j. hp nftprpn a

draw up Keafons to be offered to the Lords at a Lon-

Message for Lords to defer proceeding.

the Commissioners of the Equivalent in Scotland to secure, ference, on the r Subject-matter of the' Lords Message and retain in their Hands, the Sum of 14,000l. Sterling, relating to the free Conference desired by this House, according to the Articles of Union, for the Encouragement That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which

be offered at a Conference.

of the Manufufture of coarse Wool in Scotland only.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

THE Commons having taken into Consideration your Lordships Message; That your Lordships did not think fit to give a free Conference on the Subject-matter of the last Conference, as was desired by the Commons; and they, being still desirous, to the utmost of their Power, Monday *° P1* " Corrtspondence with your Lordships. ornj j nave asked this Conference; and have commanded us to

0 acquaint your Lordships, That they arc very much fur-

And then the House adjourned till Monday prii’ed to find your Lordships deny a free Conference, after Morning, Nine of the Clock. your lordships have already agreed to a Conference,

desired by the Commons, on the same Subject-matter; Yol. 18. 7 R and

Redeeming

Lottery

Funds*

Lords Answer to Message.

Conference with Lord*.

614

i° Julii.

A. 1717.

and after your Lordships have, on your Parts, also desired a Conference upon the same Subject: -

That free Conferences are the most ancient and established Methods for adjusting the Differences that have at any time arisen between the Two Houses; and, as the Commons conceive, the only Method to preserve a good Correspondence between them on such Occasions; which, at this time, is of the highest Importance; because a Misunderstanding on this Account would tend to defeat the Tryat of the Impeachment of the Commons:

That the Commons conceive clearly, that the Subject-matter of the last Conference is not a Point of Judicature, but a Point relating only to the Prosecution of the Commons; it having arisen before any Matter of Judgment had come before your Lordships upon the Tryal:

For which reasons, the Commons conceive, that your Lordships ought not to have denied them a free Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossed Bill for redeeming the Duties and Revenues, which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest, on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Ileign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies, and Payments, as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported; was read' the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal, and Interest, on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to be payable, and transferrable, at the Bank of and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies, and Payments, as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gibbon reported. That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire them to defer their going down into Westmimter-hall for some time; they gave Answer, That they will defer going into ster-hall for some time, as is desired by the Commons; and will continue fitting feme time before they go into Westminster-hall this Day.

Mr. Craggs reported, That he having according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords returned Answer, That they do agree to a Conference; and have appointed the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message, relating to the free Conference desired by this House, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Carter reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference; and delivered the Reasons, directed by the House, to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr- Message from Browning: Lord* for

Mr Weaker

The Lords desire this House to continue fitting for some time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting for some time, as the Lords desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Colonel Bladen, according to Order, reported, from Public Debt* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ®f Scotland, continue an A6i, of the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Ldrds desire* Browring: Conference

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Carter reported, That the Managers appointed had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the same was managed, on the Part of the Lords' by the Lord Privy Seal; who acquainted the Managers, That the Lords having taken into Consideration the Subject-matter of the last Conference, their Lordships had commanded them to acquaint the Commons, That they do infill upon denying a free Conference on the Subject-matter concerning which a free Conference was desired by the House of Commons.

The House being acquainted by the Serjeant at Arms House refaf* attending this House, That there was a Message from the 10 C*N "»

Lords; Meaner*.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being s put, That the Messengers be called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for to } 54.

Tellers for the ’ j aoS.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Conference be now taken into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Message from Browning: Lord* for

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire this House will continue fitting for some time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rejoiced,

House to continue fitting.

Motion to acquiesce in Lords mode of Proceeding in Earl of Oxford’* Trial.

Meflsge that l ords will proceed in 'Arid.

Pains and Penalties against Earl ot Oxford.

Heldt’*, kt. Nat.

3 Geo. I. i* — 2 — 3° >/«. 615

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting for some time, as the Lords desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Motion being made, That this House doth acquiesce in proceeding on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer in the manner prescribed by the Lords;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out these Words, " in the manner prescribed by " the Lords," and, instead thereof, to insert " according " to the Resolution communicated by the Lords, the " 24th of June last, in Westmto the Managers " appointed by the House to make good the Articles of " Impeachment against the said Earl:"

And the Question being put, That the Words " in the " manner prescribed by the Lords" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That this House doth acquiesce in the Proceeding on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer in the manner preferred by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordships intend, presently, to proceed further on the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl

Mortimer, in IV estmimter-hall.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

" Peter Simond, Peter Devifine, Peter " Gaujfen

Press 2. L. 9. The same Amendment:

L. 37. The same Amendment The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

An ingrafted Bill to continue an Act, of the First Year Public Debt* of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for of Scotland, taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 2. L. Before " aforesaid," to insert " as And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue an Act, of the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and stating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to inflict such Pains and Penalties upon Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer as his traiterous Practices, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, do deserve, and as shall be thought reasonable;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. London reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore Vanrheden, and others, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press t. L. 14. After " Germany," add " Christopher " Gildemcester, Son of John by Helena his

" Wife, born at Bremen, in Germany; John Andrew Heyman, Son of # Hcyman by Mary his Wife, born at Season, in Germany, Gods Son of David

" Weckell by Anna his Wife, born in the City of Narva,

" in Livonia; Peter Simond, Son of Peter Simond by Anna

"his Wife, born at the Cape of Good Hope; Peter " Dcvifme, Son of Peter Devifme by Mary his Wife,

" born at Gony, in Picardy; Peter Vallete, Son of " Stephen Vallete by Jane his Wife, born at Bergerac,

" in the Province of Gueimc; Francis Gaujj'en, Son of " John Gau/fcn by Margaret his Wife, born at Lunell, in " Languedoc

Press 1. L. 30. After " Remeyer," add " Christopher " Gildemeester, John Andrew Heyman, Godfrey Weckell, VoL. IS.

Mercurii, 3° die Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in Debtors the Castle of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves, P*ticiou. and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Lodes, Misfortunes, malicious and unjust Prosecutions, the Petitioners, by long Confinement, and unspeakable Want, are daily perilhingj having longfince offered up their All to their unmerciful Creditors; and your Honours, as you have had so compassionate a Sense of our Miseries, as to order a Bill to be brought in to this honourable House for our Relief, and caused it to be twice read not. to let it he abortive; but let a general and grateful Joy appear in All, by your Honours completing what his most Sacred Majesty has most graciously begun:

And the Petitioners shall ever pray, eye.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Heldt’s, &c.] naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore Vanrheden, and Kat-others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Duke of ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale M°unta8u* of Part of the Duke of Mountague's Estate, for the In- a *’ tents and Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had

directed

k

<fi<J

directed him to Report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards deliveredthe Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prese 14. L. 7. After the Word " applied," insert u towards die Discharge of the several Debts of 4,000l. " i,too/L and 1,000l. charged upon and

" other the pftates herein after-mentioned; and that the " Remainder, if any, b« disposed of

Pr. 17. L. 13. Leave out the Word most;" and, in the same Line, after the Wprd for," insert " or " toward?

Pr. ao. L. 12. After the Word fame," insert " and,

uin the next place, for and towards the Discharge of the aforesaid Debts of 4,000l. 1,200l. and i,oooo7. and " the Interest thereof:"

L. 28, 29. After the Word unfold," leave Out the Words following, " after all the Payments made " as aforesaid

Pr. 22. L. last, after the Word " happened," insert ft or shall hereafter happen:"

Pr. 26. L. 38. After the Word " of," leave out u all and."

The feid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The BUI was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Pains and The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn-Penalues e(j i)ebate of Monday last, upon the Motion then made, ofoxford)1 That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to inflict such Pains and Penalties upon Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer as his traiterous Practices, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, do deserve, and a3 shall be thought reasonable:

Addrefe to A Motion being made, and the Question being put, except the That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Ewl out of setting forth the many great Crimes of which Robert Earl A O race. ^Oxford and Earl Mortimer has been impeached by this House; as likewise, the Endeavours that have been used by the Commons to bring the said Earl to Jufdce; in which Proceedings, the unhappy Differences that have arisen between the Two Houses have difeppointed their just Expectations; and likewise, humbly to pray his Majesty, That he will except the said Earl out of the Act of Grace, which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to promise from the Throne; to the end the Commons may be at Liberty to proceed against the said Earl in a Parliamentary Way;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Itlrnagto*: }'*

Tellers for he No

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up %n Addrefe, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolutiou:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Wm. Strickland, Lord Mr. Yonge, Mr.

Barrington, Mr. Neville, Sir Robert Lord Wm.

Rowlett, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Camper, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Lawther, Mr.

Walpole, Sir Wm. St. Quintia, Mr. Secretary Addison, Mr. Carter, Mr. Serjeant Mead, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Morton, Mr. Brodrick, Mr;

Mr. Edgcumbe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gary, and Mr. Rogers:

.* Julii. A. 1717.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Pitas. Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up foe River of Thames and Medway, with an Amendment: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- Newman’s able William Newman Esquire, to fell Part of the Estate included in his Marriage Settlement, for Payment of Debts; apd to settle another Estate, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceeding on,

the Tryal of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl meat.

and to report what they find therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee w ho were appointed to be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against the said Earl be the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis] 4* die Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Newman’s to enable William Newman Esquire, to fell Pait EUate-of the Estate included in his Marriage Settlement, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Regulating Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Con-dufting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames and Medtcay:

And the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Prese 4. L. 22. Leave out from " feme " to u Provided," in the 32 Line of the same Prese; and, instead thereof, insert the Clause marked A:

" And whereas divers Ships and Vessels, in bad Weather, are forced from their Anchors and Cables, and " unreasonable Sums of Money demanded for Salvage by such Persons who take up and oarry the said Anchpra and Cables on thore, before the Owners can have " such Cables and Anchors restored to them; or else they must apply themselves to the Admiralty Court at " Dover; and such Ship* and Vessels must either leave their Cables and Anchors behind them, or suffer much " more than the Value thereof, by being delayed in their " Voyage, by the necessary Forms of Proceedings, should " they stay to have the same determined in the said Act- miralty Court: For Remedy w hereof, and for preventing the like Inconveniences for the future, Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from " and after the 29th Day of September 1717, the Lord " Warden of the Cinque Ports, for the Time being, shall " nominate and appoint, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, Three or more substantial Persons in each of " foe Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Memhere, to adjust and determine any Difference relating to " Salvage, if any such shall arise, between the Master of " any Vessel and the Person or Persons bringing such " Cable and Anchor alhore; which feid Persons the said " Lord Warden is hereby authorised and im powered, from " time to time, to nominate and appoint: And in case " any Ship or Vessel shall be forced from her Cables and " Anchors by Extremity of Weather, and leave the same " in any Roads within the Jurili.li6lion.of the Cinque

"Ports;

3 Geo. I. 40 — 5° Jtdii. 617

" Ports; and the Salvage cannot be adjusted between the Blit as we reflect, with equal Gratitude and Admira Persons concerned; that then the same shall be deter- tion, on your Majesty’s being able to retrieve such Mifmined within the Space of Twelve Hours, by any one carriages, especially in a time which has been disturbed " or more of the said Persons appointed as aforesaid; by publick Tumults and Rebellions; we think it is a great " any Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise not- Aggravation of Guilt in those who gave up lb many Nawithstandingtional Advantages at a time when they laboured under no The said Amendment, being read a Second time: end, such Difficulties at home, and when the continued Sue-

being an intire Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Admiral Aylmer do carry the Bill to the I.ords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Delay of A Complaint being made to the House, That the Writ, Cockvmouih issued for the electing a Burgess for the Borough of Writ. Cockei'mouth, is not yet delivered to the Sheriff' of the County of Cumberland

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the issuing the said Writ.

Ordered, That the Messenger to whom the said Writ was delivered, do also attend this House To-inorrow Morning, to give an Account of the fending down the said Writ.

Address to The Lord Castlecomer reported from the Committee except Karl who were appointed to draw up an Address to be pre-5-5°f<r’OUt to his Majesty, upon the Resolution of the House

t o race, yesterday, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty s most faithful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly representto your Majesty, That, in our Impeachment exhibited against Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, we did set forth, That he, the said Earl, did traitcrously adhere to, aid, and abet, the late French King, then an Enemy to her late Majesty; and did begin, and carry on, a clandestine and separate Correspondence and Negotiation with the Ministers of the said French King; in consequence of which, it is evident, that great Part of the Forces, maintained at the Expence of so much Treasure, in order to reduce the Power of France; as likewise great Part of the Subsidies granted by Parliament to foreign Princes, for the same End; were, in Reality, made subservient and instrumental to awe the good Allies of her Majesty into a Compliance with the hard Terms dilated by France; the unhappy Catalans were abandoned; the Emperor, Empire, and King of Portugal, were left to treat for themselves; the Kingdom of Sicily was given to the Duke of Savoy, as an Inducement, and Reward, to him for quitting the Common Cause; in direct Defiance and Violation of the Grand Alliance, and of the declared Sense of most of our good Allies, and especially the Dutch, who, to this Day, have never af-

lcnted to that Condition of the Treaty of Utrecht; a

7

shameful and dishonourable Treaty of Peace was at last concluded; by which, impracticable Terms of Trade were imposed on Great Britain; the Demolition of Dunkirk; which had been addressed for by Parliament, was eluded by a treacherous Connivance at the Making of a new Canal at Mardyke; and the Security which was proposed, by removing the Pretender out of Ftmice, was in the like manner evaded, by a treacherous Connivance at his residing in Lor rain.

It is owing to your Majesty’s unwearied Endeavours for the Good of your Subjects, and that just Regard which is paid to your Majesty by foreign Princes and States, that we fee ourselves delivered, in a great Degree, from the Effects of these pernicious Measures, which might other wise have proved fatal to your Kingdoms.

Vol. 18.

ceffes of a long and glorious War had put them into a Condition of gaining the most beneficial Terms from the Enemy.

Your faithful Commons did likewise exhibit several other Charges against the said Earl; representing him, in many notorious Instances, as a Person who had abused the Trust and Confidence which her late Majesty had reposed in him; and sacrificed the Honour of his Sovereign, and the Good of her People, to private Views of Intcrelt and Ambition.

Your faithful Commons have not been wanting in their Endeavours to bring the said Earl to Justice; but, by reason of the unhappy Differences that have, in this Proceeding, ariten between the Two Houses, we have fomld ourselves disappointed of our just; Expectation, and reduced to the Necessity either of giving up Rights and Privileges of the highest Importance to all the Commons of Great Britain, or seeing this great Offender escape with Impunity for the present.

For these Rcalbns, we do most humbly bGfeech your Majesty, That your Majesty will be pleased to except Robert Earl of O.ijord and Earl Mortimer out of the Act of Grace, which your Majesty has been graciously pleased to promise from the Throne; to the end the Commons may be at Liberty to proceed against the said Earl in a Parliamentary Wa v.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do wait upon his Majesty, humbly to know his Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

K eneris, 50 dieyulii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. and'

Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Richmond'* vesting in Trustees the El'tate of Thomas Richmond Eitau*. Esquire, deceased, in the County of Fffex, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, according to the Will of the said Thomas Richmond: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

All'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stone's for Sale of the Estate of John Stone the elder, and John dilate. Slone the younger, in the County of Fffex, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of One of the Co-heirs of John Stone the youuger; and for securing the ltefidue of the Money, as therein is mentioned; with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LadvButlerf* for raising and pay ing the Lady Amelia Butler % Portion Estate. out of Lands in Ireland, without any Amendment.

AHo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bankrupt* to impower Commissioners in Coimniffions of Bankrupts Certificate* issued since the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1706, and on or before the 26th Day of June 1716, to make Certificates for Bankrupts; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Two Judges,

7 S to

HeHt’s 6cc. Nat.

Duke of

Mnuntague’f

Estate.

Claims on

forfeited

Estates.

Cuflc’t

Estate.

Richmonds

Eltau.

Milborn Pert Election.

Delay of

Cockermouth

Writ.

Thynn's

iUate.

<Ji3 5° — 6° Ju1717.

to confirm the fame; notwithstanding the Acts of the Fourth and Filth, and the Fifth, of Queen Ann, are expired; and for continuing a Clause, in a former Act, for adjusting Accounts between Bankrupts and their Debtors; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An A to naturalize John Jacob Heldt, Theodore , and others.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Duke of Mount ague's Estate, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other Estates, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for inlarging the Time for making Claims before the Commissioners for the forfeited Estates: And that Mr and the Lord William Powlet, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wyld reported from the Committee, to whom the mgrolfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act declaring the Uses of Two Several Fines, levied by John Cuffe Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, to Esquire, deceased, and Maurice Cuffe Esquire, and the Heirs of the said Joseph K, of certain Lands and Tythes in the Counties of Down and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed, That they had examined, and found, That the Orders of the House relating to Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private. Bill from thence be brought in, had been complied with; and that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commiitee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

An logrolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Thomas Richmond Esquire, deceased, in the County of Essex, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, according to the Will of the said Thomas Richmond, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Order, gave the House an Account of the lflTuing out of the Writ for the electing a Burgess for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland.

Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, attending according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined touching his receiving the said Writ, and fending the same to the Sheriff of Cumberla/id.

And then he withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House, relating to the said Writ’s being not yet delivered to the Sheriff of Cumberland;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend tins House on Tuesday Morning.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate at Corsham, in Wiltshire, in the surviving Trustee and Executor of the last Will of Henry Fredetick Thytm Esquire, deceased, and his Heirs, to make

Sale thereof, for the Execution of the Trusts created by his Will, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That his Ma- K‘ng *P-jesty having been waited upon, humbly , to know his Plea-

sure, when he will be attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Two a Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill to Commis-enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, ex- *ioner* amine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army: rn,y

And that Mr. Craggs, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Ston* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Stone the elder, and John Stone the younger, in the County of Suf sex, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, in respect of the Infancy of One of the Co-heirs of John Stone the younger; and for securing the Residue of the Money, as therein is mentioned:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

Prels 4. Line 31, 32, 32. Leave out " Heathfeild of Darking, in the County of Surrey, Tanner, of " the Second Part; and

Line 34. Leave out " Third," and insert " Second;" and, in the same Line, after " Part," insert " and Robert Heathfeild, of Darking, in the County of " Surrey, Gentleman, of the Third Part."

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ThynnV for vesting an Estate at Corsham, in Wiltshire, in the surviving Trustee and Executor of the last Will of Henry Frederick Thynn Esquire, deceased, and his-Heirs, to make Sale thereof, for the Execution of the Trusts created by his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cuff*’* declaring the Uses of Two several Fines, levied by John Eftale-Cuffe Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, to Joseph Kelly Esquire, deceased, and Maurice Cuffe Esquire, and the Heirs of the said Joseph Kelly, of certain Lands and Tythes in the Counties of Down and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyld do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Mr. Speaker reported. That this House did Yesterday Answer to attend his Majesty, and presented their Address: To A<Wr*i»-

which

3 Geo. I. 6°

which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I will give Directions in relation to the Earl of as you desire; and it is with Pleasure I observe the Sense, expressed in your Address, of my Endeavours for the Security, Honour, and Advantage, of these Kingdoms.

Address on Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be Answer. returned to his Majesty for his Majesty’s most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Commis- Mr. Craggs presented to the House, according to

fionrrs lor Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to appoint Com-

Anny Debts. mj(p10ners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Claims on The Lord William P owlet t presented to the House,

forfeited according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Time for

HOates. making Claims before the Commissioners for the forfeited Eftutes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

_ . , A Complaint being made to the House, That John

nv White, of Leixlip, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, had, by Fenner, his Attorney, delivered Declarations in Ejectment for an Estate of Samuel Esquire,

a Member of this House, at Lady-iown and Lou th's Town, in the County of Kildare, in Ireland; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Milbourn Mr. Hampden, according to Order, reported, from the PortEleftion. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Milbourn Port, in the County of and the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the capital Bailiffs, and their Deputies, in the Commonalty, Stewards, and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

The Poll was,

For the Sitting Member - - - 27:

For the Petitioner ----- 22.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objc&ed to Thirteen of the Sitting Member’s Voters; and alleged, They should add Seven to the Petitioner’s Poll.

That they called the following Witnesses;

Joseph Raymond, and John Wilkins: Says lives at Sherborne, and William lives with his

Vol. 18.

Mother Mrs Ilalleft;and that his Father-in-Law Samuel

Ilallett pays for that same House, and votes for it.

John Leans said, Richard Lambert asked Votes fof the SittingJMember: and offered the Witness Five Guineas to vote for him.

John Bret laid, Guy White junior lblicited Votes for the Sitting Member; and asked the Witness for his Vote for him, and gave him Five Guineas for it.

John Bowden laid, Guy White junior gave Benjamin Cox Five Guineas for his Vote for the Sitting Member, as both White and Cox confessed to the Witness.

Mrs. Ilallett said, She gave William Baynton her Son Five Guineas, which Guy White junior had given her for him to vote for the Sitting Member.

Joseph Raymond laid, Robert confessed to him,

That he had Five Guineas of the Sitting Member’s Money for his Vote.

Mr. Grandy laid. That, some time before the Election, he asked Charles Martin to vote for Mr. Medlycot'3 Friend; and he promised he w ould; but, at another time afterwards, told the Witness he was engaged for the Sitting Member; and said, He had loft Five Guineas the last Election, by staying for Mr. Medly cot's Friend; and was resolved not to lol'e Five more now.

John Bowden named Four of the Voters before-named, and Four others of the Sitting Member’s Voter*; who, he said, were treated, the Morning before the Election, at John Noakes’s House; who lblicited Votes for the Sitting Member.

The two Sub-bailiffs, Guy White senior and John Bart ett, who voted for the Sitting Member, were objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel, as not having qualified themselves for that Office by receiving the Sacrament, and taking the Oaths required by Law.

That, to add Seven to the Petitioner’s Poll; viz. William Cox, John Sprint, Richard Willmoth, James Medlycot Esquire, Wm. Chamberlain, Joshua -ret, and George Baynton; the following Evidence was produced;

It was proved they all offered their Votes for the Petitioner: And,

It appeared by Cox’s Lease, That he is obliged to pay all Rates and Taxes. And,

William Raymond said, Cox is an Inhabitant, and a Housekeeper; and paid him the Poor Rate last Year.

Joseph Raymond laid, John Sprint is a Housekeeper, and an Inhabitant; has a House and Land worth Twelve Pounds a Year; was struck out of the Rate Three Years ago, contrary to his own Desire; and the Sub-bailiff has refuted him out of Antipathy. And,

It appeared to the Committee, That, in February last, he made a Purchase of Four Acres of Land at Milbourn Port, which colt him Fifty-three Pounds; and that he had several times defiled to be put into the Rate, but was refused, though his Land was formerly assessed, and paid the Rates.

William Raymond said, Richard Willmoth rents Land to the Value of Twenty Pounds a Year; which Land is rated, and lie pays the Rate.; though his Brother’s Name, of whom he rents the Land, is in the Book.

It was proved, on the Petitioner’s Part, and admitted on the other Side, That Mr. Medlycot is One of the capital Bailiffs; which capital Bailiffs are by Tenure in Right of their Estates; and that Mr. Medlycot purchased his capital Bailiwick, and has the Latids by which he claims to be such capital Bailiff.

John Wilkins said, William Chamberlain has a House

at Milbourn Port; Part of which he has lett, and other Part is reserved to himself: That he has Goods there, and is rated, and pays the Rates: And,

That Joshua Barret has a House there; and is rated, and pays the Rates.

MttGrandy said, George Baynton has Land of Inheritance at Milbourn Port, of Seven Pounds a Year, and is rated, and pays Scotland Lot, for it.

That, in Answer to what had been objected, the Sitting Member’s Counsel insisted, That Guy White and John

Barrett,

6 20

6° — 8° Julil

A.

1717.

MiiSoum Barrett, the Sub-bailiffs, are not such Officers as are PortEletfion. required by Law to take the Sacrament, or Oaths, to qualify them for their Office; and that the chief Bailiffs, to whom they are Deputies, do not take the Oaths; nor is it requisite they should.

As to the other Persons objected to, the Sitting Member’s Counsel called the following Witnesses; Edward Oathery: Who said, That John Moores has Two or Three Houses at Milhourn Port, and One in his own Possession: That he goes to Work at Sherbourn in the Day, and returns, and lies at Milbourn at Nights:

That he pays to Church and Poor at MUbourn Port; and lived there at the time of the Election:

That William flay nton has no Residence but at Mil-bourn Port; where he has an Estate, and is rated, and pays, to Church and Poor:

That William Cox is not, nor ever was, upon the Church or Poor Rate; and the Witness was present once when Mr. Medlycot, his Landlord, upon Payment of his Rent, allowed him the Poor Rate: That Cox went off, and lived tome time at London:

That the Parishioners struck John Sprint out of the Poor Rate Three Years ago; not at his own Desire, but because he refused to pay; having, as he said, a Church of his own, meaning a Meeting-house; and has never been rated since, though other Houses of lets Value than his are rated:

That William Chamberlain pays Scotland Lot at Mil-bourn Port; but has lett his House there to Two Tenants, and himself lives at Sherbourne:

That Joshua Barrett has Two Houses at MUbourn Port; which he has lett to Two Tenants, and himself docs not reside there.

John Noake laid, William Cox had let his House to Pope, and left the Town Two Months before the Election: That Cox paid no Tax or Rate; the Landlord is rated, and Pope the Tenant pays the Rates:

That George Baynt on works Journey work at Milbourn Port, at weekly Wages; and never was upon the Poor Rate.

The Sitting Members Counsel objected, That Four of the Petitioner’s Voters; viz.Thomas Travell Esquire, Robert Everet, William A court, and George Man; who voted as capital Bailiffs; bad no Right to vote as such:

And called,

John Noalce: Who said, That neither of those Four Persons had any of the capital Bailiwick Lands; but that all those Lands are in Sir Thomas Travell, and Mr. Med-lycott; and that George Man is kept by Charity.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel also called,

William Brook: Who said, Colonel Stanhope's Servant offered him Eight Guineas to vote for the Petitioner; but that he voted for the Sitting Member.

John Noake said, That Robert , who voted for the Sitting Member, told him, That Colonel Stanhope gave him Money to vote for the Petitioner; and he said, He would petition, if he had but Two Votes: And,

That Benjamin Co.xf, who voted for the Sitting Member, told him, He had Six Guineas to vote for the Petitioner.

Robert Baynton, who voted for the Sitting Member, said, He was offered Seven Guineas, by the Petitioner’s Brother, to vote for the Petitioner.

Henry HaUett laid, He was present when lett asked his Sen-in-Law, William Baynton, to vote for the Petitioner; and Baynton answering, That he had promised Mr. Harvey, and would be as good as his Word, Sumuel Hallett replied, That the Esquire would lay down a Hundred Gaineas upon the Table, and he should take what he would for his Vote: But Baynton voted for the Sitting Member.

That the Petitioner’s Qualification was objected to:

The Particular given in for such Qualification amounts to 346/. 13$. Ad. per Annum:

To which the Sitting Member’s Counsel objefited, That 21 61. 13$. A^. per Annum, at in

and a Rent-charge of 120 per Annum issuing out of Lands in Nottinghamshire, are mentioned to be purchased by the Petitioner for his Life, 31 ft of May last, for 2,5051.; which they took to be not a valable Consideration; and therefore suspected the Purchase: They also urged, That such a Rent-charge could be no Part of a Qualification, within the Meaning of the Act of Parliament, which requires a landed Interest; and that the Estate charged therewith might be subjefit to other Reprizes and Incumbrances:

And, as to the Wandsworth Estate, they called,

Samuel Welden, One of the Tenants thereof, at 12 a Year: By whole Evidence it appeared, That, since Mid-Jiimmer last, he had Notice to get ready his Midsummer Rent, because Mr. Brand had fold that Estate to the Petitioner; which Notice came from the Person to whom he had always paid his Rent for Mr. s Use.

In Answer to which, the Petitioner’s Counsel called,

Mr. Frewen, who lent that Notice: And he said, That Mr. Brand had acquainted him with his having fold that Estate at Wandsworth to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner was to receive the Rents from Lady-day last; and that the Petitioner had desired him to continue to receive those Rents for him, as he bad before done for Mr. Brand; and that he had accordingly made of his Accounts, to Mr. Brand, to Lady-day.

The Petitioner's Counsel infilled, That the Purchase-money was a full and valuable Consideration; the Purchase being for Life only, and confining chiefly in old Houses; and that there could be no Objection to the Rent-charge.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Michael IJai-cey Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milbourn Port, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Stanhope Esquire, is duly elefited a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of MUbourn Port.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Milbourn Port, in the County of Somerset, by r&sing out the Name of Michael Harvey Esquire, and inserting the Name of Charles Stanhope Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8e die Julii;

Anno 3# Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according Mitbooni to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Port Retura Milbourn Port, in the County of Somerset. amended.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Newman'* enable William Newman Esquire, to fell Part of the Estate Etute, included in his Marriage Settlement, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, in lieu thereof; was. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Geo. Warrender, Mr. Churchill, Mr.

Bramflon, Lord Molesworth, Sir Richard Farrington,

Sir Wm. Whitelock, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Mr. Leigh, Mr. Bell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Yonge, Mr. 1 § Pelham i

3 Geo. I. 8° — 9® — 10® Julii. 621

Pelham, Mr. White, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Diston, Colonel Morton, Mr. Monson, Mr. Neville, Sir Houghton, Sir John Wittewrong, Mr. Thompson, Sir Tho. Lee, NLr. Smelt, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Strickland, Sir Richard Steel; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee have Leave to proceed upon the said Bill upon WedneJ'day Morning next.

Claims on The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself forfeited into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Time for making Claims before the Commissioners for the forfeited Estates;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to issue Money for paying the Salaries of the Inferior Officers under the Commissioners of Inquiry, and for incident Charges, out of any Money granted this Session of Parliament, which shall be replaced out of such Money as shall arise by Sale, or otherwise, out of the forfeited Estates.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord William Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

for the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, and SuffolkAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,' in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee have Leave to proceed upon the said Bill upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Craggs, according to Order, reported from the Commis-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- fa>ners for able his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, exa- e *'

mine, state,' and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Lord William Powlett, according to Order, re- claims on ported from the Committee of the whole House, to forfeited whom the Bill for enlarging the Time for making Claims Estates-before the Commissioners for the forfeited Estates was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Commis- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into actiontrs for Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable rmy e s. Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Friday Delay of last, relating to the Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve Cockermouth in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, nt*

in the County of Cumberland:

A Motion befog made, and the Question befog put,

That John Tiffin, of Cockermouth, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.^j' ^Nicholas: }

} 73.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 9" die Julii;

Anno 3® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Richmond’s A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. xA for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Thomas Richmond Esquire, deceased, in the County of Essex, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, according to the Will of the said Thomas Richmond, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Treby, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Tuftnell, Mr. , Lord Moles-

worth, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Travers, Mr. White, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Yonge, Sir Hobart, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Freman, Mr. Off-ley, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ash, Mr. Powlett, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mason, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Churchill, Sir Hen. Houghton, Sir Geo. Mr. For A-, Mr.

Lewis, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Tho. Wheate, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Carter, Mr. Serjeant

Pengelly, Mr. Gold, Mr. Diston, Mr. Peirce, Mr. Papillon. Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Westphalia; and all that serve Vol. 18.

Mercurii, 10° die Julii;

Anno 3° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Horatio Walpole reported from the Committee, Newman's to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Estate. tituled. An Act to enable William Newman Esquire to fell Part of the Estate included in his Marriage Settlement, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concernedhad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

7 T An

fiaa

IQ* — it* — i a

A. 1717.

Claims on

forfeited

Efttfrffr

Kenfingtoa

Roads.

to fogcoffed Bill to enlarge the Time for making Claim* to enable his Majesty to make Provisioa for the refi>edive LUy before the Commissioners for the forfeited Estates, wee Wives and Children of James\a.Ut Earl of James Southeft't

read the Third time. late Lord Drummond; the late Sir Hugh Pater font of ~rfeit*

Re/oboed, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, Bannockburn; and James ,late of Keif; without

An Act to enlarge the Time for making Claims before the *my Amendment AUo,

Commissioners for the forfeited Estates. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Porvlett do carry the for repairing the Highways from that Part of -

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. bridge which lies in die Parish , in the County of Middlesex, to the Powder-mills in the Road to Staines;

ConuniflSon- An ingossed Bill to enable his Majesty to appoint Com- and to , in the said County, in the Road

ersforAriQf mifliopers to take, examine, state, and determine, the to Colne brook; without any Amendment. And also,

Debts due to the Army, was read the Third time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exporting

The Amendments following were severally proposed to for continuing the Liberty of exporting Irish Linen Cloth Irifll Linen* be made to the Bill; viz. _ to the Plantations in Duty-free; and for

Prese 1. L. After " Britain,*' to insert " with the more effectual Discovery of, and prosecuting, such as Prefi 2. L. After " manner," to insert ‘fand :* shall unlawfully export Wool, and Woollen Manufactures,

Press 4. L. To leave out " laid^ firom Ireland; and for Relief of John Fletcher, in respect

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe- of the Duty by him paid for a Quantity of Salt loft in the verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And Exportation for Ireland: without any Amendment

Debts.

And then the Mefiengsrs withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine erf the Clock.

Jovisy ii° Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pa A TERS.

MR. Tuffhellreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Debtors A Petition of the poor confined Debtors within the Pri-

Petition. son of White ChapeU was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within that Prison are upwards of Two hundred Men and Women, who, through adverse Fortune, are now confined, and reduced to extreme Want and Penury, as is scarcely preferable to Death itself; hav- Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Thomas ing no manner of Allowance in that Gaol: That the Pe- Esquire, deceased, in the County of Essex, to be sold, titioners are ready and willing to make their Creditors for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Ex-the utmost Satislaction they are capable of, by their deli- pences, according to the Will of the said Thomas -veriqg up their All to them; so that they may be at was committed, That they had examined the Alle-

Liberty publickly to lerve their King and Country: And gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and the Petitioners shall ever pray, Ac. that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

the Committee had directed him to report the same to A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

Rolt’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Rolt Esquire to exchange a certain Par-

Richmond*

Estate.

eel of Woodlands, in the County of ,with John

Botelfr Esquire, for ether Woodlands, of equal Value, in the said County; and for settling tire same respectively, as therein mentioned; without any Amendment Also, Public Debts The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Scotland, to continue an Act, of the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for taking and Hating the Debts due, and growing due, to Scot lam, by way of Equivalent, in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent; without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs; and for ascertaining their Fees, and the Fees for suing out their Patents, and passing their Accounts; without any Amendment. Also,

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Time.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Tuffndl do camy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, Without any Amendment

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Venerity 12* die;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the'Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Registerine The Lords hare agreed to the BH1, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, padfod the last Session of Parlia- Papist* Patents, Ac. for the better enabling Sheriffs to foe out their Patients, ment, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Estates. and pafi their Accounts, without any Amendment Also; Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for The Lords have agreed to the BhI, intituled, An Act such Registering; with some Amendments: To which the for the explaining and making more effectual1, the Acts Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, of the Fifth and Eighth Years of her late Majesty Queen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Redeeming Ann, for amending the Road between Hockley, in the for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which ware fefc- Lottery County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County tied to pay off Principal, and Interest, on the Orders made. Fund*, of Bucks, without any Amendment Also, forth on Four Lottery Acts, passed in the Ninth and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for re-to enable his Majesty to make Provision for Margaret Lady deeming certain Annuities, payable on Orders out of the

Naime, and her Children, out of her paternal Estate; for- Hereditary Excise* according to a former Act in that be-feited during the Life erf William Murray, late Lord half; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only Naime, her Husband, without any Amendment Also, for the future Payment of Annuities, at several Rates, to The Lords have agreed to the BID, intituled, An Act be payable, and transferable, at the Bank of England,

25 and

Sheriffs

Hockley

Road.

Lady Maine’s forfeited Sf-tate.

Redeeming Bank Funds*

Redeeming South Sea Funds.

Registering Papists Eft ate i.

L

3 Geo. I.

its — ifjulii.

623

and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Order* as shall choose to be paid their Principal, -and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies, and Payments, as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Lint-feed imported, and British Linen exported; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redeeming the several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five Pounds per Cent, as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly made for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of Five Pounds Cent.; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned; without any Amendment. And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redeeming the yearly Fund of the South Sea Company, being after the Rate of Six Pounds per . per Annum; and settling on the said Company a yearly Fund, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per re-

deemable by Parliament; and to raise, for an Annuity or Annuities, at Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, any Sum not exceeding two millions, to be employed in lessening the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for making the said new yearly Fund and Annuities, to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time for such registering; be now taken into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 24. Leave out from " Seventeen" to "and," in the 35 Line of the Third Press, and insert Clause marked A:

Clause A: " And be it further Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Penalty, or Forfeiture, contained in this or the said former Act, for wilfully neglecting, or refuting, to register, or for committing Fraud in such Registry, shall " be commenced or brought after Two Years after the Offence committed, against any Person offending therein, who shall, before the Commencement of such " Action or Suit, have duly registered, according to the Purport of this and the said former Act; which Re- giftry such Person is hereby authorized to make, notwithstanding the Time prescribed by the said Statutes, or " either of them, for making such Registry, be elapsed:

" And that every Person, offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, shall be liable to be feed, or prosecuted,

" for such Offence at any time before such Registry " made; this, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary, notwithstanding

Press 4. L. 6. Leave out from " Aft" to " and, " in the 28th Line of the same Press:

Press 5. L. 22'. Leave out the Word " openly

L. 25. After " Incapacity," insert " and have " entered such Claim, in open Court at the General Session of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, or " Division, wherein such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments, lie, or arise

L. 29. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill, and insert Clauses marked B and C: Clause B: " Provided nevertheless, That whereas it " was, amongst other things, enacted by the said Act of Voj,. 18.

" Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years u of the Reign of the late Ring William the Third, That, " from and after the Tenth Dhy of April which should " be in the Year of our Lord One thouserid Seven hundred, every Papist, or Person making Profession of the " Popish Religion, should be difebled, and was thereby " made incapable, to purchase, either in his or her own " Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons " to his or her use, or in Trust for him or her, any Manors, " Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, Rents, " Terms, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of " England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick " upon Tweed; and that all and Angular Estates, Terms,

" and any other Interests or Profits whatsoever, out of " Lands, from and after the said Tenth Day of April, to *( be made, suffered, or done, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trull " or Confidence immediately, or immediately to or for " the Benefit or Relief of any such Person or Persons, " should be utterly void, and of no Effect, to all Intents, " Constructions, and Purposes, whatsoever; it is hereby " Declared and Enacted, That the said recited Part of the " said Act of Parliament shall not be hereby altered or " repealed; but the same shall be and remain in full " Force, as if this Act had never been made

Clause C: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Nine-andtwentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, no Manors, " Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Interest " therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, shall pais, alter, or " change, from any Papist, or Person profefting the Popish " Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed, " within Six Months after the Death of the Testator, be " inrolled in One of the King’s Courts of Record at " Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties " wherein the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, lie, by " the Custos Rotulorum, and Two Justices of the Peace, " and the Clerk of the Peace, of the same County or " Counties, or Two of them at the lead, whereof the " Clerk of the Peace to be One To the Title of the Bill, at the End thereof, add " and " for securing Purchases made by Protestants."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

9 And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jSabbati, 130 Julii;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Patrick W Esquire, to fell certain Houses in Dublin, for Payment of Debts; and for settling Lauds in the County of Kilkenny, and elsewhere, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled; be now read the Second time.

The feid Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Lord Castle-comer, Mr. Carter, Mr. Onslow, Lord Wm. Powlet. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Heme, Mr. Mr. Lon-

don, Mr. Lee, Sir Geo:Warburton, Lord Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Conyers, the Earl of Barrymore, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Hitch, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Westphalin, Colonel Stephetis, Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Leister, Mr. Bell, Sir John Conway, General Rosse, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Milner, Mr. Offley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Smith, Mr. Serjeant Reynolds, Mr. Serjeant Bitch, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Longueville, Sir Edward Tumour, Mr. Mason, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Gough, Sir WUlo.Hickman, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Drake, Mr. Diston, Mr. Docminique, Mr. Reynell

Sir

Estate.

6 24

13*-"-15"

A. 1717.

Sir Tho. Scaxoen, Mr. Elford, Mr. Mr. Peirce,

Mr. Brace, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee have Leave to proceed

upon the said Bill upon Monday Morning next.

Registering The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Estate" Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, *' to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates; and for enlarging the Time of such Registering:

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause A, to be inserted, was twice read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Clause be postponed.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after the Word " Testator," these Words, " be " duly proved by the Oaths of the subscribing Witnesses " to mch Deed and Will; and

And the* Question being put, That those Words be inserted; x

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause C, being read the Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment, in the Title, being read a Second time, was agreed junto by the House.

Then the House returned the Consideration of the postponed Clause A:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out from the Word " therein" to the End of the Clause:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Newport

Writ.

Lewet

Writ,

Westlow

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias West low, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Maynard Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary General of Stores of War, and Provisions, in the Island of Minorca.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

Claims on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eftet*1 to ea^arSe the Time for making Claims before the Com-

*’ missioners appointed to enquire of the forfeited Estates,

without any Amendment And also,

Commission- The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act erefor Army ^enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army> without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 15* dieJulti;

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Barrymore reported from the Com- Wemys'

mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, Estate-

intituled, An Act to enable Patrick Wemys Esquire to fell certain Houses in Dublin, for Payment of Debts; and ' for settling Lands in the County of Kilkenny, and elsewhere, to the same Uses to which the Houses to be sold were settled; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that it appeared to the Committee, that Notice had been given in Ireland of the Intention to bring in an Act of Parliament in Great Britain this Session; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill he now read the Third time.

The BUI was accordingly read the Third time.

Mefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of Barrymot'e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, in the room of the right honourable Janies Stanhope Esquire, now Lord Viscount Stanhope, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant'to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a. Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Thomas Pelham Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Stockbridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrir for Writ<

the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament -for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Martin Bladen Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Lymington the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Matter and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Aldbojough Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of William Jessop Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Alienation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Fife Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Fife, in the room of Sir John Anstruther Baronet; who, since his Election for the said '

Shire, hath accepted the Office of Matter of his Majesty’s Works in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the

Think#

Writ.

Truro

Writ.

Papers to be returned to proper Officer.

Registering Papifis E tidies.

A«5t of Grace.

Ditto.

Precedents respecting Message with Ad of Grace.

Ditto.

3 Geo. I. Julii. " 625

the Borough of Thirske, in the County of York, in the room of Ralph Bell Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Customers of the Port of Kingston upon

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Spencer Cozoper Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

The House being informed, That, among the Papers laid before the House the 14th of May and 14th of June last, relating to the Island of St s, there are

several original Papers, which may be wanted in the respective Offices from whence they came;

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do inspect the said Papers, and take Copies of such of them as appear to be Originals; and that he deliver such Originals back to the respective Offices from whence they came.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Mr. Ben net:

Mr. Speaker,

We are command 3d by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made to One of their Lordships Amendments, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names, and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for such Ilegiftering; and forlecuring Purchases made by Protestants.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Dormer and Mr. Justice Eyre:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have accepted, and passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free, Pardon, Nemine contradicente: and have sent it down to this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

The Bill was once read:

And, the Bill being signed by his Majesty, all the Members fat uncovered while it was read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, and to prepare Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, upon the Message from their Lordships to this House with the Bill, intituled, An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free, Pardon:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Mr.

Sir lVm. St. Quintin, Lord Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Lowther, Sir Win. Strickland, Mr.

Mr. Addison, Lord JVm.Powlctt, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr.

Thompson-, or any Three of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber; and to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported from the said Committee, That they had searched Precedents, and prepared Reasons to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow, viz.

The Commons, having this Day received a Message from your Lordships, in these Words, "That the Lords " have accepted and passed a Bill, intituled, An Act " for the King’s most gracious, general, and free Pardon, Nemine contradicente.-, and have sent it down to Vol. 18.

" this House; " have desired this Conference to acquaint your Lordships, That this Message is not according to the usual Way of transmitting Bills between the Two Houses; for that neither House does acquaint the other by what Number any Bill before them doth pass; and the introducing any Alteration in the usual Method of Proceedings may be of dangerous Consequence.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message to Wllh Lords, this House with the Bill, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free, Pardon.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported to the House,

That he had, according their Order, been at the Lords, and desired the said Conference, and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw’ up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, and delivered the Reasons directed by the House to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Lords desire Mr. Bennett: a Conference

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-nntter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

And the Messengers w’ere called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported, That the Managers appointed had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the same was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Privy Seal; who acquainted the Managers,

That their Lordships, in order to preserve a good Correspondence with the House of Commons, which they shall always endeavour to do as far as lies in their Power, have desired this Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; and have commanded us to acquaint you,

That the Lords, upon Perusal of their Journal of the 20th of May 1690, do find, that the like Message was then sent down from the Lords to the Commons, upon the same Occasion, with the Words Nemine contradicente, to which the Commons now seem to object; and their Lordships do not find, that any Notice was then taken thereof by the Commons, nor at any other time; although the said Mel-sage was sent to the Commons on the said 20th Day of May, and the Bill was not returned till the 23d of the same Month, and the House of Lords continued fitting on the intermediate Days: And the Lords are of Opinion, that, the passing of Bills of this Nature differing so materially in many Circumstances from the Forms of passing other Bills, no Argument can be drawn from those Forms to support the Objection made by the Commons to the Mef-sage sent by the Lords with the Bill, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious, general, and free, Pardon.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The said Report was read.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference do search Precedents, and prepare Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber; and make their Report with all convenient Speed.

7 U Mr.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

farther

f>ror>gjed.

626 15 Julii, — 1 2°Aug, — 11° Sept, — p° Oct, A, 1717.

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported from the said Committee, That they had searched Precedents, and prepared Realons to be offered at the said Conference; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

The Commons, have taken into Consideration the Realbns communicated to them by your Lordships at the last Conference; and being delirous, on all Occasions, to preserve a good Correspondence with your Lordships; have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That they find, on Perusal of their Journal of the 20th of 1690, That no such Message was delivered to the Commons on that Day, as is mentioned in your Lordships Realons: But they find, that the like Message with that communicated by your Lordships this Day was delivered to the Commons on the 2 2d of May 1690: Whereupon, the Commons taking Exceptions to the Words Nemine contradicente, contained in the said Message, and having appointed a Committee to search Precedents, and to prepare Realons to be offered at a Conference with your Lordships; and the same being prepared; they, on the 23d of May 1690, did resolve, That a Conference should be desired with your Lordships on the said Message; and did immediately order One of their Members to go to your Lordships. and desire the said Conference:

'I hat the Commons conceive, that the different Form of Palling Bills of this Nature doth very much strengthen the Objection now made by the Commons; for which

Realons, the Commons do infill on the Reasons delivered to your Lordships at the last Conference.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords. Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference. with Lord*-

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Message to Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: attend the

Mr. Speaker,.

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills.

After, which, his Majesty was pleased to declare from The King'* the Throne, That he had ordered the Lord Chancellor sPeect-to deliver his Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament, in his Majesty’s Name and Words:

And the Lord Chancellor did accordingly read a Speech delivered into his Hands by his Majesty from the Throne:

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Pleasure, That this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Monday the Twelfth of August next: Proro6ued-And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to meet here on Monday the Twelfth Day of August next.

Lunce, 120 di Augusti; Anno 4" Georgii Regis, 1717.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

able House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for proroguing the Parliament until Wednesday the 11th Day of September next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Wednesday the 11th Day of September next.

Mercurii, 11 0 die;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was delivered from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers,. to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, the Members present, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for proroguing the Parliament until Wednesday the 9th Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until

Wednesday the 90 Day of October next.

Mercurii, 9° die

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, >717.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

able House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 21 ft Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 21st Day of November next

By

4 Geo. I.

a i# Novembris.

Proclamation for meeting of Parliament.

Miff ge to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Stealing

Cattle.

King’sSpeech

reported.

537

By the K I N G.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament {lands prorogued to the Ninth Day of this instant October: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Ninth Day of this Instant,

toThurfday the One-and-twentieth Day of November next: And we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said One-

and-twentieth Day of November, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty, and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners of Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons; are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said One-and-twentieth Day of November next.

Given at our Court at Hampton Court, the Eighth Day of October 1717, in the Fourth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the King.

JoviS) ,21° die Novembris j Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Law s made for that Purpose.-

Then a Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punching, the" Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to declare, That he had commanded the Lord Chancellor to declare the Causes of his Majesty’s meeting his People in Parliament at this time, as they were contained in a Speech which his Majesty delivered into the Lord Chancellor’s hands from the Throne;

And his Lordship read the same to both Houses; of which Mr. Speaker laid he had, to prevent any Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as folio, weth j

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM very glad I have been able to bring the Sitting of Parliament into a more proper and usual Season of the Year: I hope such an early Meeting will not only be a Benefit to the Publick, but a Convenience to your private Affairs.

As I have always had at Heart the Security and ease of my People, so I never kept up any Troops but for their Protection; and (have taken every Opportunity to disband as many as I thought consistent with their Safety: I have reduced the Army to very near One-half finee the Beginning of the last Session of Parliament; and lessened them to such a Number as will neither be a Burthen to my good Subjects, nor an Encouragement to our Enemies to insult them.

You cannot but be sensible of the many Attempts which have been set on foot to disturb the Peace of Europe, and of these Kingdoms: They only pretend not to fee, who are not afraid of them: But as no Application has been wanting on my Part to preserve the publick Tranquillity, I have the Pleasure to find my good Offices have not been altogether unsuccessful; and have Reason to hope they will, in 'the End, have their full and desired Effect. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I question not but you are very well pleased to find, that your Endeavours for lessening the National Debts have, at the same time, raised the publick Credit; and that Vol. 18.

whatever was proposed for that End is actually and completely effected: This Succeis must chiefly be attributed to that just and prudent Regard you have shewn to Parliamentary Engagements.

It was with the View of procuring and settling a lasting Tranquillity, that I demanded the extraordinary Supply which you granted me last Session: The Credit which this Confidence reposed in me hath given us abroad, has already been so far effectual, that I can acquaint you, we have a much better Prospect than we had: I have ordered an Account to be laid before you of the very small Part of that Supply, which, as yet, has been expended: Any further Issues that may be made of it shall be also laid before you; and you may be assured, that every Part of it shall either be employed for your Service, or saved to the Publick.

I have ordered to be laid before you a State of the Deficiencies of the present Year, and the fevfcral Estimates for the Service of the next; which you will find considerably diminished: I rely upon your making the necessary Provision for them; not doubting of the Continuance of that Zeal for the Good of your Country, which hath been so eminently conspicuous in every Session of this Parliament. /

I cannot in Justice avoid putting you in mind, that several Arrears of Pay and Subsidy, incurred before my Accession to the Crown, are claimed by foreign Princes and States: I shall order them to be laid before you, to the End you may put them in a Method to be examined, and stated; which will very much tend to the Honour and Credit of the Nation.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I could heartily with, that, at a time when the common Enemies of our Religion are, by all manner of Artifices, endeavouring to undermine and weaken it both at home and abroad, all those who are Friends to our present happy Establishment might unanimously concur in feme proper Methods for the greater strengthening the Protestant Interest; of which as the Church of England is unquestionably the main Support and Bulwark, so will {he reap the principal Benefit of every Advantage accruing by the Union, and mutual Charity, of all Protestants.

As none can recommend themselves more effectually to my Favour and Countenance than by a sincere Zeal for the jult Rights of the Crown, and the Liberties of the People; so I am determined to encourage all those who act agreeably to the Constitution of these my Kingdoms; and consequently, to the Principles on which my Government is founded.

The eyes of all Europe are upon you at this critical Juncture: It is your Interest, for which Reaibn I think it mine, that my Endeavours for procuring the Peace and Quiet of Christendom should take Effect: Nothing can so much contribute-to this desirable End as the Unanimity,

Dispatch, and Vigour, of your Resolutions for the Support of my Government.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address or dress be presented to his Majesty, returning the humble King's Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from sPeech*

the

Grand

Committees

Committee of Privileges.

62 8

210 Novembris. A. 17x7.

the Throne; and for.his great Goodness in assembling his Parliament fb early in the Year: That this House is highly sensible of his Majesty’s Concern for the Welfare of his People, by the seasonable Reductions which he has been pleased to make, from time to time, of his Land Forces: That his Majesty s unwearied Endeavours to prevent the many Attempts which have been made to disturb the Peace of Europe, and the Quiet of these Kingdoms, demand the utmost Thanks and Acknowledgments of this House; and that this House will effectually support his Majesty in such Measures as he shall judge necessary to attain so desirable an End: That his Majesty’s gracious Ex-prefiions and Assurances touching the Supply granted last Session, do give the greatest Satisfaction to this House; and that this House will grant to his Majesty such Supplies as shall effectually provide for the publick Service: That the Commons have the most grateful Sense of fee tender Concern which his Majesty has been pleased to express for the Protestant Religion; especially for the Church of England, as by Law established ;' and are resolved, on their Part, to conikier of the most effectual Methods for strengthening the Protestant Interest of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Lord Hinchingbroke, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Aiflabie, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Secretary Ad~ difon, Lord Molesworth, Lord Mr. Herne,

Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Onslow, Mr Mr

Colonel Morton, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Smith, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Farrer, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. Net ill, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. JVallop, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Sir

John Norris, Mr. Shippcn, Mr. Air. Freman,

Air. Morice, Mr. Wind for, Sir John Cope, Air.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed of Air. Hampden, Mr. Pelham, Lord JVm. Powlett, Colonel Mor ton. Air. Craggs, Mr. Sir

JVm. Strickland, Lord Hinchingbroke, Sir Cope, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Farrer, General Pepper, Mr. Hunger ford. Air. Lowndes, Mr. Fielding, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Secretary Addison. Air. Pitt, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Diston, Air.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Nevi/l, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Coventry, Lord Castlecomcr, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Micklethwaite, Air.

Bcnfon, Mr. Herne, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Lewis, Lord Hillcsborough, Mr. Freman, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Heath, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Bristow, Colonel Bladen, Mr. JValpole, Mr. Smith, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Denton, Mr. Conyers, Sir Nath. Mead, Air. the Earl of

Hertford, Mr. Travers, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Hen. hurst, Mr. Shippen, Sir Richard How, Air.

Air. Treby, ’ Air. Morice, Sir JVm. Lerwen, Sir Richard

Gough, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Strickland, Lord Molesworth, Sir Thomas IVheate, Mr Sir77fo.

Crojfe, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Milner, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Western, Sir Thco. Jansen Air. Bankes, Sir John

Brownlow, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Carter, Sir Mount. Blundell, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr. Northey, Mr. Heysham,

Air. Evelyn, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Robert Davers, Sir

Richard Steel, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Ash, Mr.

Air. Mason, Mr. Guibbon, Colonel Oughton, Mr. lyneux, Mr. JVard, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cholmley, Sir John Eyles, Sir Ward, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Deacle, Mr. Mr. West, Mr.

Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Air. Heath-

cote, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Rolf, Sir Tho. Scawen, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Methuen, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Vernon, Sir Fisher Tench, Mr. Lade, Sir JVm. Humfreys: And they are to meet upon Wednesd next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Alatters as shall or may come in question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Alatter of Privilege, of any Alember, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns to withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Alember to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Perl’on petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned as a Alember of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in rdpect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Alifdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given , false Evidence, in any Case, before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain for any Lord of Parliament, or anyj-ord Lieutenant of any . County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House; and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him;' and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered,

Urnal

Orders.

4 Geo. I. ax° — 22*

I’fual Order*. _ Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and be

kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Resolved, That, notwithstanding the Oath taken by any Candidate at, or after, any Election, his Qualification may afterwards be examined into.

Resolved, That the Person whose Qualification is expressly objected to in any Petition relating to his Election shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read,.give to the Clerk of the House of Commons a Paper, signed by himself, containing a Rental, or Particular, of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereby he makes out his Qualification; of which any Person concerned may have a Copy.

Resolved, That of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the Party hath not been in Possession for Three Years before the EleCHon, he shall also insert in the same Paper from what Person, and by what Conveyance or Act in Law, he claims and derives the same; and also the Corisideration, if any, paid; and the Names, and Elaces of Abode, of the Witnesses to such Conveyance and Payment.

Resolved, That, if any Sitting Member shall think fit to question the Qualification of a Petitioner, he shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, leave Notice thereof, in Writing, with the Clerk of the House of Commons; and the Petitioner shall, in such case, within Fifteen Days after such Notice, leave with the said Clerk of the House the like Account, in Writing, of his Qualification, as is required from a Sitting Member.

Resolved, That the Four last of the said Refutations be

declared to be Standing Orders of the House.

King's Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning Speech t« be next, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious considered- Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Penryn Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Hugh; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Pay-malter General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Oxford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxon, in the room of Sir Robert Jenhinfon Baronet, deceased.

Vo l. 18.

Novembrti. 629

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the St. Alban’* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ* for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, in the room of William Hale Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, Thaw Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham, in the room of Abraham Stanyan Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks in Ordinary of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Printing the being first' perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do Vote*, appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, presume to print the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 20 die No; Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchinbrooke reported from the Com- Addref* on

mittee, to whom it was referred to draw up an King's

Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the Refo- ®Pe*c*‘

lution Yesterday, That they had drawn up an Address

accordingly; which they had directed him to report to

the House; and he read the same in his Place; and

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, crave Leave to express our Gratitude to your Majesty for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Our Minds are filled with the most lively Sense of your Majesty’s Regard to your People, in bringing the Sitting of Parliament into a more proper and usual Season of the Year; and, as your Majesty has been graciously pleased to consider the Convenience of our private Affairs in this early Meeting, we shall endeavour to answer your Majesty’s gracious Intentions, by improving it, as much as we are able, to the Benefit of the Publicfo

We are highly sensible of the Concern your Majesty has shewn for the Welfare of your People, by the Reductions you have been pleased to make, from time to time, of the Land Forces, so loon as the Posture of Affairs rendered it safe to these your Kingdoms: It is our peculiar Happiness to fee ourtelves governed by a Sovereign who is not influenced by any Notions of Greatness that are incon-fillent with the Prosperity of his Subjefits; and who proposes to himself the Ease of his People, as the chief Glory of his Reign.

We acknowledge, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude, your Majesty’s unwearied Endeavours to prevent the many Attempts which have been set on foot to disturb the Peace of Europe, and the Quiet of these Kingdoms; and have the more Reason to apprehend the ill Consequences of such Attempts, since there are those, who, as they would be thought to fee no Dauger in them, give us llcafon to believe, that they would not be troubled at their Success: We are therefore firmly resolved, in the most effectual manner, to support your Majesty in such Mea-hires as your Majesty, in your great Wisdom, shall judge necessary to procure the Establishment of the Tranquillity of Europe.

We receive with the greatest Satisfaction your Majesty’s gracious Expressions and Assurances, touching, the extraordinary Supply granted last Year; and will chearfully

7 X grant

6yo

ao4 — "*3" — -45*

A. 1717.

grant your Majesty foeh Supptiei, ait shall effectually pro- County of Cornwall do attend this House upon Monday Vide for the pufatick Service* Morning nest

It is With uvrfpeskabie Sorrow of Heart thftt we observe

the many Artifices which are made afe of by the com- A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the County :non Enemies of our Religkjb to undermine and weaken Gaol of fVinton, in the County of Southampton, in behalf it both at home and abroad: And as we have the most of thetftselves, and many Thotifands more in other Gaols grateful Sfcnfe of the tender Concern which your Majesty of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; has been pleased to exprest for the Protestant Religion, setting forth, That by Losses and Misfortunes incident to and efpeoiatty for the main Support of it, the Church of Mankind, the Petitioners are driven and brought into England as by Law estabtished; fb we are refelved, on Confinement, and afe daily perishing for Want; and are our Part, to ceMfkfer of the ihoft effectual Methods for not in a Capacity of making Satisfaction to their Credi-fireftgthening the Protestant Interest of these Kingdoms, -tors; and that the House, in their two last Sessions, were It is U Pteafafe to os, that the Eyes of all Europe are pleased to demonstrate a Compassionate Intention ton ards

the Relief of your distressed Petitioners, by ordering a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose; which, though twice read, proved abortive: Therefore the Petitioners, whole Hearts are loyal, and devoted to the Service of King

Debtoi*

Petition.

turned upon us at this critical Juncture: since we have thereby an Opportunity of shewing the World the just Cottfideode we fepose in your Majesty, and our unfbaken Refutations to support your Government in such manner as flnH enable your Majesty to settle the Peace of Christendom.

are

George, arid his illustrious Issue, humbly implore the Hoafe to take thdr deplorable Circumstances into their prudent Consideration; and to order such Relief as in their great Wifdotn shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An Aroetahrient was proposed to be made to the said Addrest, by adding, after " Kingdoms," at the End of the last Paragraph but One, these Words, " so far as is " consistent with the Laws made for the Security of the " Church of England, which your Majesty fb justly re- commends as the Bulwark of the Protestant Interest;

" and for which your loyal Commons must ever have the " highest Regard, as it is the truest Support of your Throne:"

And the QUeftiofl being pat, 'That the find Words be added to the said Address;

It passed in the Negative. Prayers.

ttefolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- fiRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tfittee 1st the fold Address. _ " to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

Refitted, That the said Addrest be prefenfted to his for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

Lunee, 2 50 dieNovembris;

Anno 4® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Oxford

Writ.

Westlow, &c. Returns.

Mfttefty by Ihfc tvhete Botffe.

Ordered, That fufch Members of this Hoofe as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

A Complaint being made to the Hoofe, That there are no Returns made of the new Writs which HTued for the Election of Members to serve ift this present Parliament for the Boroughs of Wesflm and Truro, in the County of Cornwall;

Ordered, That the Cleric of the Crown do attend this Hcttfe Tomorrow Morning.

tnent for the niveriity of Oxon, in the room of Sir William Whitelock Knight, deceased.

The Deputy to the Sheriff of Cornwall attending at the Westlow, &c. Door, according to Order; Returns.

And the House being informed, That the Returns for the Boroughs of Truro and Westiow were returned into the Crown Office;

Ordered, That the said Deputy of the Sheriff' of Cornwall be discharged from any further Attendance.

Call of the Hrtfe.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Ordered, That fee Hoofe be called otref upon Monday the Borough of Berealston, in the County of Devon, m Sevennight the room of Horatio tValpole Esquire; who, since his

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending of Surveyor and Auditor General of all his Majesty’s this House. Revenues arising in America.

Berealftoa

Writ.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ring appoints to be attended.

Westlow, Sec. Returns.

Sabbati, 23° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717. Praters.

MR. Secretary Addison reported. That he having waited upon his Majesty, humbly to know his Pteafhre when he will be attended by this House, his Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at TWo of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James's.

The Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Order, acquainted the House, That there are no Returns yet made into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown for the Boroughs of Westlmo and Truro, in the County of Cornwall, pursuant to the Writs which were made out the Fifteenth of July left.

Ordered, That the Deputy of the High Sheriff of the 20

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House did, on Saturday, attend his Majesty, and presented their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I Thank you for the repeated Assurances you have given me in this dutiful and loyal Address, of your affectionate Support and Assistance in the present JunCtore of Affairs: I expected no left from a House of Commons fb affectionale to my Person, and so zealous for the publick Welfare.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And the ferae was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rcfblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved,

Answer to Address.

Supply-

4 Geo. L

Addrest on Resolved, Nemine con That an humble Ad-

Princ* be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his

nnc* Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Prince;

and to express our great Joy and Comfort in this Blelfing, which will strengthen the Protestant Interest of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Message to Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a congratulatory the Prince Message be sent to their Royal Highaefies the Prince and Princess of If ales on this happy Occasion.

Ordered, That Sir John Cope, Sir Earl

of Hertford, Lord Stanhope, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Cowper, and Mr. Carter, to attend their Royal Highnesses with the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Mar its, 26° die;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 17>7-

P»AfE as.

Botefcor'* A PETITION of Abraham Botefeur Merchant, il was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Is a Person born out of las Majesty’s Allegiance; but professing the true Protestant Religion; and hath given good Testimony of his dutiful and' loyal Affections to his Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And praying Leave may be given to bring m a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. London and Mr. Godfrey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5«pplr. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Answer Mr. Aijlabie reported to the House, That their Addrefe

to Address. of Yesterday, congratulating his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Prince; hnd expressing their great Joy and Comfort in this Blessing, which will strengthen the Protestant Interest of these Kingdoms; had been pre-fen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty received the same very graciously; and returns his Thanks to the House for their Addrefe, and their kind Expressions of Duty and Affection to him upon this Occasion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 1*.

631

Mercurii, 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 4® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

R. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who. were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Refcdution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the Ibid.Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House of Deficiencies the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year One thousand £fc®rant*< Seven hundred and Seventeen; and of the Deficiencies of the Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy, and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge* for Guards, and G ark has, and Land Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Gfihtd of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year One theufami Seven hundred Eighteen be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of the Navy to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen bat laid before this House.

Ordered, That a Life of the Regimental and Warrant;

Officers, that are to be in Half-pay for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, be Uudi before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this Horde how the1 Money panted for extraordinary Repair* of the Navy in die Three last Years has been laid out.

Ordered, That an Estimate of what will be further necessary for extraordinary Repairs of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the arofs and net Produce of the several Funds applicable to the sinking the Principal, or Payment of the Interest, of the National Debt; distinguishing each of the said Funds, and the annual Exceeding, or Deficiency, of them respectively, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred Ten to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen; and allb an Account how much of the said Deficiencies have been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House how the Money given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to hi*

Majesty, That he will be pleased <to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said several Accounts, Lift, and Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion being made, That the Act, of the Twelfth R»te of fk-Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act to reduce the nIuomI Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Debt. Securities, be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an InstruCUon. to the said Committee, That they do, at the same time, consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to the National Debt.

Sit

a 50 — 16° — 270 Novembris.

4

470 — a8® Novembris. A. 1717.

Prince of Sir John Cope reported, That his Royal Highness the Walec’e Prince of IValeshad been attended with the congratula-Addref*.10 tory Message of this House; and that his Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer;

THE Congratulation of the House of Commons upon the Birth of my Son is extremely acceptable to me; and I. cannot but receive with great Satisfaction this fresh Mark of that constant Zeal and Affection, which they have shewn, upon all Occasions, to his Majesty, and his Family,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, wpon.Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privilege %nd Elec-

Privilege*. tions, which was appointed to meet this Afternoon, do meet on Monday next, in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 28° die Novembris;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Debtor* - A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors in Hereford Petition. County Gaol, in behalf of themselves, and many

Thousands more in tike respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by reason of those numerous and heavy Taxes occasioned by the late War, and other Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought under Confinement; whereby they suffer under unspeakable Calamities and Miseries, through which they are subject to daily Wants, and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: That this House, in their Three last Sessions, was pleased to demonstrate a compassionate Intention towards the Relief of the distressed Petitioners, by ordering a Bill to be brought

in for that Purpose; which, though read twice, proved abortive, by reason of the more weighty Affairs of the Publick: That his Majesty hath also been pleased to grant an Act of Pardon to his rebellious Subjects, and set them at Liberty; and also, since, upon a Petition lately presented to his Majesty by the Petitioners Fellow-sufferers in the King's Bench Prison, was graciously pleased to commi-ferate the deplorable Condition of such Objects, by giving his Royal Word and Promise to the said Petitioners, alluring them, that his Majesty would recommend their same to the House: And praying such Relief as to the House, in their great Wisdom, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Aijlahie acquainted the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Estimates, Accounts, and Lift, therein mentioned, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Admiral Aylmer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood the Thirtieth of Septembe One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen:

And the Title of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood the Thirtieth of September One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, is as followeth;

Answer t9 Address.

Navy Estimates.

v

Navy

4 Geo.-I*

28* Novembris.

Navy Office, "> Ax ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, bn the Heads hereafter 717* )

28" November

mentioned, as it stood on the 30th September 1717.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES. PARTIC U L A R S.

r~ — Before this Reign. Since this Reign.

Wear and Tear* Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs: £. s. d. £. ». d.

Due to pay oft', and discharge, all the Bills entered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, 8(c. supplied for the Service thereof; including the Premium of Naval Stores imported from the Plantations - - 353,189 2 4"

For the Freight of Tenders: as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards; for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1717; as also to several Bills of Exchange - 446 17 8 21,462 6 — \

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary / 293,»79

For Half-pay to the Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his Majesty in Council, on that behalf - 2,935 15 — 26,338 6 3

Seamens Wages: Due to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid oft’ finee the late Resolution; which, per Estimate,' may require the Sum of - - - 104,073 6 1 19,306 15 4

To Ships in Sea pay on the abovesaid 30th September 1717 - - - ’ " % 8,000 296,575

To discharge, and pay off, all the Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, He. on the Head of Seamens W ages ----- > 3>927 8 2

Vi&ualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners: Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off 81,810 18 5 12,243 2 9

For Bills in their Course; and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; and for necessary and extra-necessary Money, and Wages to the Officers, and Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, 8Cc. - 4,061 5 11 , J

Sick and Wounded: The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen font ashore from his Majesty’s Fleet; and the Contingencies relating to the said Service 357 18 8 4,950 14 7

Total - - - £. 201,686 1 9 1,209,859 16 8

TOTAL.

£. S. d.

431,8812 9 7

276,803 8 4

5,308 13 3

Examined per J. C.

Cha. Wager, Ja. Acworth,

Cha. Ferg,

R. Burton,

J. Fowler.

Vo l. 18.

7 r

Memorandum:

D

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

Cl

CT

'O

o

o§

FT

cn

Memorandum: There was remaining iik the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 30th of September 1717> in Money, Tallies, and South &®8toek, is undetj mentgmed

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; viz. d"

In what Treasurer's Hands.

IitMO>fEY, TALLIES, and SOUTH SEA STOCK.

Charles Cecfar, Esquire -

Right honourable John A, Esquire

Memorandum:

The Balance of Money, Tallies, §c. in the Hands of the Executors of Sir Thoimas Littl, late Treasurer of the Navy, Over and1 above the Assignments made by the Navy Board on the 30th September 1717, flood in this Office at -More remaining in their Hands of Assignments, which had been made by the Navy Board on the said Treasurer, and do not appear to have teen satisfied by him - -

£ s. d.

6,853 14 9 3,9*9 *2 5

But Mr. Frtm. Itcewes, who was Cashier to the said Treasurer, has, on behalf of his Execotors, certified to have formerly paid to the Lord Chief Baron, and to the Auditors of the Imprell, 8gc. for Fees and Allowances for passing the Leidgers ftnee the Year 1700, die Sum of -As also, that there has been paid, between the 31 ft October and 31st December 1716, by Warrant from the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, the Sum of -So there remains the Sum of -

10,773 7 2

- 4,945 17 3

4,068 8 6y

9,0*4 5 9

1,759

In Money -In South Sea Stock

A

In Money -

In Tallies on Reversions of Annuities - -

- - - on the Land Tax, Anno 1716 -

- - - on Annuities, of 41, per Cent, per Annum -In Money towards the Debt for the Hck and hurt Seamen

Total - -

I % On the Heads of 1 Reserved far fi|ch Uses E as the Might honour- . able the Lords Com* mifConers of the Treasury <ball cUred

r — Wear and Tear, amt Ordinary. Stamens Wages. 1 Victuala,

£* d- £ s- d- £ d. £ d'

/ '

1,129 *9 — I 602 14 8} 26 7 8

7,939 5 i* 9 11 — 3 4 7] mm mm

101 18 9! - - - 3i 18 95

12,875 8 4 29,007 2 Hi 12,709 6 -1 ~ ' 1

21,528

3,188 10 3iy

165 12 — 391,907 18 6i

- —

22,046 11 3f 29,785 — 8J 12,770 17 — 416,624 8 10 1

TOTAL.

£ d.

1,759 1 5 8,085 18 3

481,226 17 10$

28° Novembris. A. 1717.

4 Geo. I.

a 8° Novemkris.

*35

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Mr. Craggs presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to tus Majesty, a till of the reduced Officers, and an Estimate of Half-pay for the said reduced Officers, of his Majesty’a Land Forces and Marines, He. unprovided for, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great , for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibralta, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen:

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Lift of reduced Officers, and Estimate of Hali-p^y to the said reduced Officers unprovided for, . is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the other Two Estimates me as follows; viz.

Army

Estimate*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge-of the Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1718.

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

10,743 3 4

10,870 18 4

25,644 5 10

24,823 — 10

16,875 3 4

16,875 3 4

11,226 >5 10

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

15 10

it,226 15 10

11,226 15 1°

0,226 15 10

11,226 15 10 1

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

11,226 15 10

44,508 14 2

28,938 8 4

28,938 8 4

10,502 *7 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

»7 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 »7 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 »7 6

10,502 17 6

10,502 »7 6

22,496 7 6

28,993 14 2

20,000 —

Total -1

First Troop of Guards, consisting of One hundred and Eighty-one Men, Officers included -

Second Troop, ditto ——

Third Troop, ditto - -

Fourth Troop, ditto ——

First Troop of Grenadier Guards, consisting of One hundred Seventy-six Men, Officers included ——

Second Troop, ditto - -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, consisting of Nine Troops, of 34 Men in each. Officers included -

General Linnley's Regiment, consisting of Nine Troops, of 32 Men in each. Officers included ——

Colonel Pitt's Regiment, consisting of Six Troops, of 32 Men in each, Officers included ——

Major General Wadip’s, ditto -

Royal Regiment of Pragoons, consisting of Six Troops, of 34 Men in each, Officers included ——

Colonel Campbell's, ditto - - - - r

Lieutenant General Carpenters, ditto - - -Earl of Stairs, ditto -

Colonel K(rr's, ditto -

Major General Evans's, ditto - > -

Colonel Stanhope's, ditto ——

Brigadier Bowles’s, ditto -

Brigadier ffony wood's, ditto -

Brigadier Cores, ditto -

Colonel Tyrrell's, ditto -

Sir Chari’s Hot ham a, ditto ——

Brigadier Maiden's, ditto - -

Colonel Molesworth's, ditto -

First Regiment of Guards, consisting of 28 Companies, of 59 Men in each. Officers included -

Second Regiment of Guards, consisting of 18 Companies, of 59 Men in each, OPcers included ——

Third Regiment of Guards, ditto -

Colonel Kirk's Regiment, consisting of Ten Companies, of Forty-four Men in each, Officers included -

Lieutenant General Seymour's, ditto -

Lord Irwin's, ditto -

Lord Shannon's, ditto -

Colonel Harriforis, ditto -

Brigadier Groves's,ditto -

Colonel Montague's, ditto - -

Lieutenant General Macartney's, ditto -

Major General Sabine's, ditto -

Lieutenant General Wills's, ditto -

'Brigadier Preston's, ditto - - " - - - ’ -

Colonel Fane's, ditto ——

Brigadier St earner's, ditto -

Colonel Ilandafyd's, ditto -

Colonel Egertons, ditto ——

Major General IVightman's, ditto -

Colonel Clayton's, ditto -

General and Staff Officers Garisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

November 28th, 1717.

J. Craggs.

TOTAL.

172,018 8 4

157,175 1

280,934 8 4

71,490 1 8

681,618-----

You *8.

ESTIMATE

State of Supplies and Deficiencies.

28° Novembris.

A. 1717.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majestys Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar’,

for the Year 1718.

Pay of the Regiments

and Companies for TOTAL.

365 l>a) «.

In the PLANTATIONS. £ d. £. s. d.

Colonel Lucas's Regiment - -- -- - 9i 775 18 4

Four Independent Companies at New York ----- 7,141 >6 8

Colonel Phillips’s - -- 9’7 75 18 4

One Company at Bermudas - - - - -- 1,003 15 —

T wo ditto at Jamaica ----- 3,6.53 — 10

One ditto for the Island of Providence ----- 1,821 19 2

33A72 8 4

Garisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia ----- - 2,593 16 8

In MINORCA.

Royal Regiment of Fuziliers ----- 13,015 5 10

Brigadier Slarmi.v’s - - - 12,814 10 10

Major General Whethams - -- -- - 12,814 10 10

Lieutenant General Sankey’s ----- 12,614 10 10

5C458 18 4

Officers of the Garison - - - - 6,154 16 3

In GIB RALTAR. w

Major General Pearce's - - - - 11,877 >4 2

Lieutenant General Meredyth's ----- 11,877 14 2

Colonel Cotton's ----- -- 11,877 14 2

35^33 2 b

Officers of the Garison, 81c. - - - 3>74y 12 31

Provisions for Colonel Phillips’s Regiment in Garison at Annapolis and

Placentia; deducting 4 d. per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer arid^Private Man, towards that Expence, remains Per Diem. Per Annum.

to be borne by the Government - - 4 5 5 1,558 17 1

Provisions for the Three Regiments in Garison at Gibraltar - - 13,551 9 5

Total - - 147,873 — 10*

For Ordnance Stores for supplying the Garison to be formed in the Isle of

Providence, for the Security of that, and all the Bahama Ulands ... 1,946 3 10

For Provisions for the Independent Company to garison the Island of

Providence - - - 912 10 —

Total- - - £. 150,731 14 8{

November 28th, 1717* /. Craggs.

Ordered, That the said Lift, and Estimates, do lie An Account of the Deficiency of several Funds pay-upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the able at the Exchequer: And,

House. An Account of the Deficiency of the Grants for the

- Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen:

Mr. I/rwndes presented to the House, pursuant to their And the Titles of the said State, and Accounts, were Address to his Majesty, a State of the Supplies for the read:

Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And the said State, and Accounts, are as follow;

1

A S T A T E of the Supplies for the Year 1717*

c

r

N

co

The Services.

For Wages, Victual, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Sea Service, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months - For the Ordinary of the Navy. incl. Half-pay -

For extraordinary Works and Repairs of the Navy, and for furnishing Sea Stores - -

To

0 To

cq To

r — h n' CD Q. CT *< O To

s An

For Ordnance Land Services -

For Guards, Garisons, ^c. Anno 1717 -

For Forces in America, for the tame Year ——

For Forces in Minorca, for the same Year -

For Forces in Gibraltar, for the same Year ——

For Iialf-pay to Officers of Land Forces and Marines, for the same Year -To the Pay of 28 Companies of Invalids, for the same Year - For Provision of the Garison of Gibraltar, for the same Year - -

To complete the Pay of Six Battalions of Foot, hired from the Bishop of Munster, and Duke of Sax Gotha ——

To make up the full Pay of the General Officers, during the time they served in North Britain For extraordinary Forage, Provisions, Sgc. of the Forces in their March from into the Highlands, 8$c. -

To replace the like Sum issued out of appropriated Revenues of North Britain to the Duke of For the Pay and Bounty-money upon the disbanding of the Three Independent Companies in North Britain, from the 25 th of December 1716, to 31st March 1717-To ditto of One Lieutenant, One Ensign, Five Non-commissioned Officers, and 40 private Men, from

25th of July 1715, to 15th March 1716 -

For Subsistence of the Rebel Prisoners taken at Preston, to 31st of December 1716

For Subsistence, and Contingencies, of the Rebel Prisoners, for the Year 1717

For Subsistence of 353 Rebel Prisoners, fubfilted by the Magistrates of to the 25th of June

For Half-pay for Officers of Douglas and TVood’s Regiments, late in the Service of the States General,

1 25 th April 1717, to 24th December following -

s.

d.

520,000-----

226,799 5 3 200,701-----

959,943 1 10 f

34,742 14 2

57,029 14 7

37,192 14 9i

85,000 — —

26,894 8 4

13,551 9 5

24,188 3 10

4,131 3 9

10,000 — —

10,000 — —

1,175 12 6

1,206 16 —

3,775 9 10

1,500 / — ——

736 8 5

2,842 12

Christmas 1717

Examined, 28th November 1717,

Sums granted, Paid in Part. Remains.

£ s. d. £. t. d. £. s. d.

947,560 5 3 73,077 9 3 s 610,042 16 3£ 38,000 337,517 8 111 35,077 9 3

> 1,273,910 9 6 1,039,476 18 9 234,433 10 81

250,000 3,000 247,000

166,502 5 7i 43,490 17 6 f 123,011 8 i$

6,500 3,250 3,250 — —

5,579 15 3f 5,579 15 3 —

2,723,130 1,742,840 7 ni 980,289 17 —

per W. L,

o*

WKk

4 Geo. I. . 28* Novembris.

D

ca'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

The Supplies granted in Parliament Anno 1717, are,

The Land Tax of iijj. per Libra' - 1,410,000-----

The Malt Act, ult. 143,494/. io$.

transferred ----- 556,505 9 11

The Produce of the Funds for the South Sea Company in the Year to end at Christmas 1717, over and above the Sum which was estimated from the Produce of former Years, may be about -

Deficiency of the Grants - -

1

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1717.

Dr.

1 >966,505

107,211

s. d.

11

When voted. 5th March' 1716

D*

5 7

D°

D°

3d April 1717 D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D#

D*

D#

D°

D°

D’

21 June

13 April 9 March ' D*

Act iij* Georgii.

Uses.

For Wages, Victuals, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Sea Service, for

s.

10,000 Men For the Ordinary of the Navy, inch Half pay -

-520,000 — - 226,799 5

For extraordinary Works and Repairs of the Navy, and for furnishing Sea Stores - -- - - -- - 200,761

For Ordnance Land Services ——

For Guards, Garisons, <$c. Anno 1717 ----- -959,943 1

For Forces in America, for the same Year - - - - 34,742 14

For Forces in Minorca, for the same Year - - - 57,029 14

For Forces in Gibraltar, for the same Year - - - 37,192 14

For Half-pay to Officers of Land Forces and Marines, for the same Year 85,000 —

For the Pay of 28 Companies of Invalids, for the same Year - - 26,894 8

For Provisions of the Garison of Gibraltar, for the same Year - - 13,551 9

To complete the Pay of Six Battalions of Foot, hired from the Bishop of

Munster, and Duke of Sax Gotha - - . - - - - 24,188 3

To make up the full Pay of the General Officers during the time they

served in North Britain - -4,1313

For extraordinary Forage, Provisions, 8$c. of the Forces in their March from Stirling into the Highlands, 8$c. -

To replace the like Sum issued out of appropriated Revenues of North Britain to the Duke of Argyle -

For the Pay and Bounty-money upon the Disbanding of the Three Inde pendent Companies in North Britain, from the 25th of 1716

to 31st March 1717 - . - 1,175 12 6

For D* of One Lieutenant, One Ensign, Five Non-commissioned Officers, and 40 private Men, from 25th July 1715 to 15th March 1716 - 1,206 16 —

For Subsistence of the Rebel Prisoners taken at Preston, to 31 ft 1 1716 3,7 75 9 10

For Subsistence, and Cpntingencies, of the Rebel Prisoners, for theYeari7i7 1,500 — —

For Subsistence of 353 Rebel Prisoners, fubfilted by the Magistrates of Glasgow to 25th June 1715 - - - - -, 736 8 5

For Half-pay for Officers of Douglas and iVooa's Regiments, late in tl^e Service of the States General, from 25th April 1717 to 24th of Dec. following 2,842 12 —

jof

2

7

Ji

4

5

10

- 10.000-----

- 10,000-----

To enable his Majesty to concert Measures with foreign Princes -

To make good Losses and Damages by Riots -

To enable the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Deficiency of the South Sea

Company’s Fund at Christmas 1717 - -

Tothe Commissioners for taking, examining, stating, and determining, the Debts of the Army

Examined by me, IV. Lowndes,

28 November 1717.

Cr.

0\

00

947>56o

73>°77

s.

5

9

3

3

i,373>910 9 6

250,000-----

5,57915 3i

166,502

6,500

1

38° Novembris. 1717.

Supplies,

4 Geo. I. 28° — 29* Novembris. 639

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of several Funds payable at the Exchequer.

Upon the annual Sum of 135,000l. granted for the Lottery, Anno 1710, there is wanting to £,. s. d.

satisfy the said Lottery at Michaelmas 1717 - -.....-174,138-----

Upon the annual Sum of 160,000l. to the East India Company, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1714 - - 27,364 15 4

Michaelmas 1715 ----- 27,314 16 7

Michaelmas 1716 - 8,764 18 9-lr

Michaelmas 1717 - - 60,046 4 1

----------123,490 14 9-J.

Upon the Duty on Hops, besides Interest - -- £,590 16 8£

Upon the Loans on Malt 1716, besides Interest ----- 92,063 7 —

Examined, 28 November 1717, 398,282 18 6

per IV.

Ordered, That the said State, and Accounts do lie upon Supplies for the Year One thousand Seven hundred the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Seventeen; with the particular Sums paid, and the Complements to the Sums voted:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow And the Title thereof was read.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. The laid State is as follows;

Veneris, 290 die Novembris;

Anno 4' Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Lmcndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrets to his Majesty, a State of the

Vo l. 18.

A STATE

D

cq'

A STATE of the Supplies for the Year 1717 I with the particular Sums paid, and the Complements to the said Sums voted.

£. s. d.

520,000

226,799 5 3

200,761

The Services.

For Wages, Visitual, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Sea Service, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months For the Ordinary of the Navy, incl. Half-pay ——

For extraordinary Works and Repairs of the Navy, and for furnishing Sea Stores - For Ordnance Land Services -

For Guards, Garisons, &;c. Anno 1717 - -- -- - -.

For Forces in America, for the same Year -

For Forces in Minorca, for the same Year ——

For Forces in Gibraltar, for the same Year ——

For Half-pay to Officers of Land Forces, and Marines, for the same Year -

To the Pay of 28 Companies of Invalids, for the same Year -

For Provision of the Garison of Gibraltar, for the same Year -

To complete the Pay of Six Battalions of Foot, hired from Bishop of , and Duke of Sax Gotha

To make up the full Pay of the General Officers, §c. during the time they served in North Britain - For extraordinary Forage, Provisions, 8$c. of the Forces in their March from Stirling into the Highlands, <§r.

To replace the like Sum issued out of appropriated Revenues of North Britain to the Duke of Argyle - -

For the Pay and Bounty-money upon the disbanding of the Three Independent Companies in North Britain, from the 25th

of December 1716, to 31st March 1717 -----....

For ditto of One Lieutenant, One Ensign, Five Non-commissioned Officers, and 40 private Men, from 25th July 1715, to 15th March 1716 -

For Subsistence of the Rebel Prisoners taken at Preston, to 31st December 1716

For Subsistence, and Contingencies, of the Rebel Prisoners, for the Year 1717 -

For Subsistence of 353 Rebel Prisoners fiibfifted by the Magistrates of Glasgow to 25th June 1715 -

For Half-pay for Officers of Douglas and Wood’s Regiments, late in 'the Service of the States General, from the 25th of April 1717, to the 24th December following ——

To enable his Majesty to concert Measures with foreign Princes -

To make good Losses and Damages by Riots ——

To enable the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Deficiency of the South Sea Company’s Fund at Christmas 1717 -

To the Commissioners for taking, examining, stating, and determining, the Debts of the Army - -

Total - -

O

1

Sums voted not to be exceeded.

Paid in Part.

£ s. d. £. S. d. £- s. d.

> 947,560 5 3 610,042 l6 3 i 337,517 8 11F

1 73,077 9 3 38,000 — ' 35,077 9 3

959,943 1 10 i 807,736 12 I X 152,1206 9 10

34,742 14 2 27,042 10 4 ' 7,700 3 10

57*029 14 7 44,417 1 3 12,612 13 4

37,i92 14 9i 29,018 8 1p . 8,174 5 11 T

85,000 — 81,613 17 3 3,386 2 9

26,894 8 4 5,801 16 — - 21,092 12 4

13,551 9 5 12,320 9 6| 1,230 19 10 i

24,188 3 10 24,188 3 10 —

4,131 3 9 4,131 3 9 1

10,000 — - 10,00b —

10,000 . — — 10,000 —

1,175 12 6 , 1,175 12 6

1,206 16 — 1,206 16 ' T,

3,775 9 10 - 3,775 9 10

1,500 — — 1,500 — — —

736 8 5 5*>o 236 8 5

2,842 12 — mm 2,842 12

250,000 — — 3,000 — — 247,000 — —

5,579 15 3i 5,579 15 31

166,502 5 7 i 43,490 17 6i 123,011 8 1*

6,500 — — 3,250 — 3,250 — —

2,723,130 4 n i 1,742,840 7 111 980,289 i7 —

Complements to the Sums voted.

Os

4*

o

*9* Navmbris. A, 57x7.

4 Geo. I.

2 90 Novembris.

641

Prohibited East India Goods, &c.

Array Accounts, &c.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Ibme of the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return, with the Accounts of prohibited India Goods, and Naval Stores imported from Russia, in pursuance of Clauses in several Acts of Parliament.

And then the Commissioners withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read; viz.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouse at Saint Hellens at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; what brought in since that time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Leaden-hall at Michaelmas One tlioufend Seven hundred Sixteen; what brought in since that time, what exported, aS also what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the King's Warehouse at the Custom-house at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; what brought in since that time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out-ports at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen; what brought in since that time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen; And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen to Michaelmas One thoulaud Seven hundred Seventeen: And also,

An Account of the Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Sixteen to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.)

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That

an Account be laid before this House of the Numbers of Men in each particular Regiment contained in the Estimate of the Charge of Guards and Garrisons laid before this House; and what the whole Number of Men in all the said Regiments amount to.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House what Land Forces have been disbanded since the Beginning of the last Session of Parliament; and at what times they were disbanded; distinguishing the Officers, and private Men; and what the Saving on the dilbatiding the said Troops doth amount to.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased- to giva Directions, That an Account of the Disposition of the Twenty thousand Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament for the C011- tingences

for the Land Foices, and all Warrants and Directions for issuing Money thereupon, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen; distinguishing the Quality and Number of the said General and Shift' Officers particularly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of the Disposition of the Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine Shillings Two Pence, granted the last Session of Parliament for Fire and Candle for the Garisons of Great Britain.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of the Disposition of the Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings Six Pence Halfpeny, granted the last Session of Parliament for General and Staff Officers.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Ash presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, for Land Service:

And the T itle thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; vis.

Orduance

Estimate*.

An ESTIMAT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1718.

Land Service.

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, and other incident Charges - -

The Establishments of Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and Britain -

The Half-pay of the Officers and Chaplain, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions -

£' s. d.

For building Barracks

For the Fortifications -

For Repairs and Barracks at

in North Britain at Portsmouth at Mahon at G ibraltar Placentia Annapolis j

9,300-----

2.000 -

8.000 -

2.000 -

1,000.-- --

Tho. Erie, MRichards.

T. JVheate, Edw: Ashe,

£. s. d.

38,835 7 (i

9,962 3 9

2,230 1 8

22,300-----

73,327 12 11

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cock*rmouth A Petition of the Lord Percy Seymour was presented to JLUdion. the House, and read; setting forth, That a Writ, upon the Vacancy of Nicolas Esquire, for the Borough

of Cocliermouth, in the County of Cumberland, was duly VOL.T8.

issued: That such Writ was not lent by a proper Messenger; but, by indirect Means, concealed, and unduly delayed, for several Days before it w as delivered to the Sheriff of the said County; yet the Petitioner was fairly and duly -elected by a Majority of legal and undoubted Votes; and w'as returned; notwithstanding which, Sir Wilfred Lawson Baronet, a Minor, under the Age of Twenty-

8 A one

642 ^9° — 3°° Novembris. — 2° Decembris. A. 1717.

one Years, and (incapable of being elected, or returned, did, by many indirect Practices, procure several Persons to vote for him; and did likewise prevail with the Bailiff, contrary to Law, and the Statute in that behalf made, to return the said Sir Wilfred Laws by another Indenture,

as duly elected by a Majority; the said Bailiff refuting to' allow the Petitioner a Scrutiny, though several times demanded: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Sixteenth Day of January next;

The Question was put, That the Question be now Put»

And it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Sixteenth Day of January next.

mate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Abraham Merchant:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Cope returned, That her Royal Highness the Princefe of Wales had been attended with the congratulatory Message of this House; and that her Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer;

I take this Congratulation of the House of Commons

very kindly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Cockemoouth A Petition of Sir Wilf red Larofon Baronet, was pre-ElelHon. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Burgefe for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, the Petitioner, and the Lord Peircy Seymour, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, who voted for the Petitioner; and were allowed by Thomas France, Bailiff of the said Borough; notwithstanding which, and although the said Lord Peircy Seymour, by himself, his Agents and Servants, was guilty of notorious Bribery, and undue Practices, in the said Election; yet the said Bailiff thought fit to make a Double Return of the Petitioner, and the Lord Peircy Seymour, for the said borough; to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be also heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Sixteenth Day of January next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat 1, 30* Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pbatebs.

Answer to A/T R. Aislabie acquainted the House, That their Ad-Addrefo. IVA dreis of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be ploafed to give Directions, That the Accounts and Efti-

Lunee, 20 die Decembris;

t Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Fravers.

MR. Graggs presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Number of Men in each particular Regiment contained in the Estimate of Guards and Garisons laid before the House; and what the whole Number of Men in all the said Regiments amounts to: And also,

An Account of the Disposition of the Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings Six Pence Halfpeny, granted the last Session of Parliament for General and Staff Officers: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen; distinguishing the Quality-and Number of the said General Officers particularly: And also,

An Account of the Disposition of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine shillings Two Pence, granted the last Session of Parliament for Garisons, and for Fire and Candle for the Garisons, in Great Britain: And also,

An Account of the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament for Fire and Candle for the Garisons in Great Britain, included in the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine Shillings Two Pence, granted in the last Session for Garisons, and Fire and Candle, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen:

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read:

And the said Accounts and Estimate are as follow viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men in each particular Regiment contained in the Estimate of Guards and Garisons laid before the House: and what the whole Number of Men in all the said Regiments amount to.

REGIMENTS.

Horse.

lit Troop of Guards ad Troop of Guards 3d Troop of Guards . 4th Troop of Guards / ill Troop of Grenadiers 2d Troop of Grenadiers Royal Regiment of Horse General Lumley's -Colonel Pitt's K Major General Wade’s -

Numbers.

l8l

181

l8l

l8l

176

177 310 *9*

96

196

a,071

Dragpons.

Boetefeur'*

Nat.

Princefi of Wales* Answer to Message.

Army Accounts, &c.

4 Geo. I.

z° Decembris.

Foot.

REGIMENTS.

Dragoons. I

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Colonel Campbells -Lieutenant General Carpenters Earl of Stair's -Colonel Kerr's -Major General Evans'

Colonel Stanhope's -Brigadier Bowie's -Brigadier Honywoods

Brigadier Gore's -Colonel Tyrretfs -

Sir Charles Hot hems Brigadier Munden's - -

Colonel Molesworth’s

id Regiment of Guards -

2d Regiment - -

3d Regiment ... Colonel Kirk's -Lieutenant General Seymour's -Lord Irwin's -Lord Shannons -Colonel Harrison's Brigadier Grove's -) Colonel Montagues ' Lieutenant General Macartney's Major General Sabine's -

Lieutenant General Wills's Brigadier Preston's Colonel Fane's -

Brigadier Steame's

Colonel Handafyds Colonel Egerton's -Major General Wightman's ^Colonel Clayton's -

The whole Number of Men in all the said Regiments amounts to

2,898

1L378

16,347

J. Craggs.

An ACCOUNT of the DispoGtion of the 23,929/. 8$. 6{d. granted the last Session of Parliament for

General and Staff Officers. Pei'Annum.

£. s. i.

Captain General and Commander in Chief - - —

Two Aids de Camp ----- 365 r

Secretary to the Captain General ..... 182 10-

Three Generals, at 1,200l. per Annum each - - - - - - - 3,600 — - —

'Secretary to the Generals - -- . 182 10 —

Five Lieutenants General, at 970/. per Annum each ----- 4,850-----

Six Majors General,' at 485/. per Annum each - - -2,910 — —

Eleven Brigadiers, at 365/. per Annum each - 4,015-----

Four Aids de Camp to his Majesty -- - - - ' 800-----

Paymaster General - - - -- 365-----

Secretary to the Forces - - - 365 — —

Commissary General of the Musters 1/. 5 s.8 id.per Diem ,whereof 150/. a Year to be paid out of the Days Pay allowed by the Establiiliment to Chelsea Hospital: To the Deputy Commissary General 1/. 3 s.: To Six Deputy Commifl'aries, 10s. each per Diem: To One Deputy Commil-tary in North Britain, 1 os. per Diem: One Deputy atJersey and as. 6d. per Diem:

One for Scilly, is. 4d. per Diem: And Two Clerks, at 2s. 6d. each ----- jg 8

Two Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, at 750/. each - - - 1,500-----

Secretary to the Comptrollers - - - 300-

Adjutant General - - - 365-----

Quartermaster General - ----- - 365-----

Deputy Quartermaster General - - - 182 10 —

Chaplain General, from the 25th of June 1717 Incl. to 24th December foil, inclusive -- - 61 — —

(Judge Advocate General, for himself, 15s.; and for his Clerk 2 6d.; and for his Deputy at

Jersey and Guernsey, 2 s. 6d. - - - - 365-----

Clerk of the Courts Martial in North Britain ..... 136 17 6

Physician General - - - - 182 10 —

Surgeon General - - - . - 182 10 —

Apothecary General - 182 10 —

23,635 14 2 Saved - 293 14 4

! -i it - , -

Granted the last Session of Parliament for General and Staff Officers - - £. 23,929 8 6f

HMMHaEBBS

J. Craggs.

Vox* 18, An

X

44

2° Decent hr is.

A. 1717.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers for the Year 1718; distinguishing the

Quality and Number of the said General Officers particularly.

Captain Genera^ anft Comtpander in Chief r

Two Aids de Camp, each 1 oj. - r - -

Secretary toi the Captain General -

Four Aids <^e C^pipj tp his Majesty, at 200l. Annum each -

Two Generals, s*t ^,200l. per Annum each - -

Secretary to th^Gengrals -

Five Lieutepanj Generals, at 970/. per Annum each - -

Six Majors G^neralk at 485/. per Annum each - -

Eleven Brigadiers, ^t 365/. per Ajmumeach ——

Pajupg^er %ngni - - - -....

Secretary to the Forces -

Commissary Genera^ of the Musters 1/. 5*v. 8jrf. per Diem -, whereof 150/. a Year to be paidj out of the Days. Pay allowed by the Establishment to Hospital:

To the Deputy Commissary General, Mr. , 1/. 3#.: To Six Deputy Com-

miffaries, 1 os. each per Diem; One Deputy Commissary in North Britain, per Diem,; One Deputy at Jersey and Guernsey, per Diem; Orie for

Scilly, \s. 4d, per Diem: And Two Clerks, at 2 6d. each -Two Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, at 750/. per Annum each Secretary to, the Comptrollers -

Adjutant General -

Quartermaftpr General -

Deputy Quartermafijer General -

Chaplain Genera] ——

Judge Advocate General, for himself, 155.; for his Clerk, 2 6d.; and for his

Deputy at Jersey and Guernsey, 2 s.6d. Clerk of the Courts Martial in North Britain. -

Physician General ——

Surgeon General -

Apothecary General ——

J.

Per Diem.

Per Annum.

— X —

£. s. £. s. d.

1 i — — 3fy>

10 — 182 10 —

> a 3 »o 800

fiti 6 2,400

*a r — 182 10 —

1 13 5 9 1 4,850

7 19 5} 2,910

t n 4,015 nf\ r

1 3uo — — ' 365

1 5 *9 4 1 t 2,177 16 8

4 2 2 i 1,500

16 5 i 300

1 — — 365

1 365 — —

10 — 182 10 —

6 8 121 13 4

1 — — 365

7 6 136 17 —

10 — 182 10 —

10 — 182 10 —

10 — 182 10 —

61 12 8 22,496 7 6

An ACCOUNT of the Disposition of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, granted the last Session of Parliament for Garilons, and for Fire and Candle for the Garisons, in Great Britain.

The Charge of his Majesty’s Garisons.

Berwick.

Blackness Castle.

/-The . Pay of the Governor of the Town and Calfte of Berwick upon Tweed; and for the Support of his Barony, as. Governor of the said Town -The Lieutenant Governor - -

Town Major Chaplain - -

One.Master Gunner 5....

Six other Gunners, each 12 d.

Surgeon -

Governor and Captain One Lieutenant -One Serjeant -/ Two Corporals, each 1 -

' One Drummer -One Gunner -< Fifteen Soldiers, each 8

Cakhott Castle.,

5 The Governor -One Master Gunner -Three other Gunners, each 1 id.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. d. £ s. d.

16 5 300 — —

10 — 182-10 — -

4 — 73

6 8 121 13 4

2- — > 3610 —

6 — 109 10 —

2> 6 45 18 6

10 M 868 15 10

16 5.1 300 — — -

4 — 73

i 6 27. 7 6.

2 — 36 10 —

1 — 18. 5 —

1 (j 27 7 6

10 — 183.10 —

' 1 16 5 L 665,---

; 1 \

2 6 45 1 a 6

2- — 3<X‘ 10 —

3 — 54 >5 —

7 6 . 136 17 6

CarliJU

b

4 Geo. I.

Carhfle.

Chester.

Clifford’s Fort near Tyam

Cinque Ports.

Dunbarton Castle.

Edinburgh Castle.

Gravesend and Tilbury.

Guernsey.

Vol. 18.

3* Q&mkrif.

The Goverpor -

Lieutenant Governor One Matter Gunner Three other Gunners, each 12d.

The Governor -Lieutenant Governor One Matter Gunner Three other Gunners, each 12d.

One Matter Gunner

Four other Gunners, each 12d.

rLord Warden -

Lieutenant of Dover Castle - -

Chaplain to the Lord Warden -

For the Pay of the Captains, Officers, and Gunners, of Arcliff Bulwark, Mote's Bulwark; anti to Dover,

Sandgate, and Walmore Cattles -

To the Captain of Sandgate To the Captain of Deal Castle - - , -

To the Captain of Sandown -w To the Captain of Walmore Castle -

Governor and Captain One Lieutenant One Serjeant /Two Corporals, each 12 One Drummer One Gunner -Fifteen Soldiers, each 8

£ 40 /. 20 Z 20 £ 20

Governor and Captain -

Deputy Governor -Major -

One Lieutenant - -

One Ensign - -

Two Serjeants, each 18 Two Corporals, each 12d.

Two Drummers, each 12 Sixty Soldiers, each Hd.

Chaplain

Chirurgeon -

Matter Gunner -Three other Gunners, each l 6 -

Gunttnith -

rThe Governor Lieutenant Governor Chaplain -

Chirurgeon - - - %

Two Matter Gunners, each 2 Ten other Gunners, each u.

{Lieutenant Governor Chaplain -One Matter Gunner Four other Gunners, each i2d.

Per Diem.

£. s. d.

— to —

— 4 —

— a —

i$ —

- 10

— to

— 2

— a

5 —

— 2 — 4

6 —

i 7 44

— to —

— 2 —

2 —

45

For 365 Days*

£. s. d. 182 10 —

73-----

36 10 —

54 1.5 w-

346 15 —

182 10 182 10 36 10 54 *5

456 5 —

36 10 73 —

109 10 -

500 — 182 10 36 10

766 10 —

— 5 100

4 6 IO i 1,585 10 —

— 16 5 i 300

— 4 — 73

— 1 6 27 7 6

— 2 36 10 —

1 — 18 5 —

— l6 27 7 6

10 — 182 10 —

1 16 5 i 665

— 16 si 300

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 5 — 91 5 —

— 4 — 73

— 3 — 54 »5 —

— 3 — 54 15 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

2 730

— 2 6 45 12 6

— 2 6 45 12 6

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 4 6 82 2 6

— 16 27 7 6

4 18 5t 1,796 10 —

— 16 51 300

— 10 — 182 10 — -

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 26 45 12 6

— 4 — 73

— 10 — 182 10 —

2 4111 820 2 6

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 6 8 121 13 4

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 4 — 73

128 413 i3 4

8 B

Hull,

646

2* Decembris

Hull, and the Blockhouse.

Hurst Castle.

Hob) IJlaruL Jersey.

Landguard

Fort

St. Maze's

Pendennis

Castle.

Plymouth, and Saint Nicholas Island.

Portland Castle.

Portsmouth.

The Governor -

Lieutenant Governor

Town Major -

Chaplain -

Chirurgeon -

One Matter Gunner

Six other Gunners, each 1 id.

The Governor.

One Master Gunner

Three other Gunners, each 1

Two Gunners, each 12d.

' Lieutenant Governor Chaplain -' One Master Gunner

Eight other Gunners, each 12d.

r The Governor -1 Lieutenant Governor,) Chaplain -J One Master Gunner V. Six other Gunners, each 12d.

C The Captain, or Keeper / His Deputy -j One Master Gunner L One other Gunner -

The Governor -

For Repairs of the King’s House

One Master Gunner

Two other Gunners, each 12

Governor ..... Lieutenant Governor Fort Major -

Chaplain -

Two Master Gunners, each 2$. s Eighteen other Gunners, each 1*

The Governor Porter -Under Porter Three Gunners, each 12

The Governor -Lieutenant Governor -

Town Major - -

Chaplain - -

Town Adjutant, and Surveyor of the Works Surgeon -

Store-keeper, to be Clerk of the Reports, and Marshal Porter -

One Master Gunner -L Twenty-three other Gunners, each \2d.

A. 1717-

j Per Diem. Per Annum.

£. s. d. £.s. d.

— 16 5^ 300

— 10 182 10 —

— 4 _ 73

— 6 8 121 13 4

2 6 45 »2 6

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 6 — 109 10 —

a 7 7 4 868 15 10

— 5 — 91 5 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 3 — 54 15 —

10 182 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 10 — 182 10 —

2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 8 — 146

1 2 — 401 10 —

— 5 — 91 5 —

— 4 — 73

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 6 — 109 10 —

— 19 ~ 346 15 —

— 6 — 109 10 —

— i 6 27 7 6

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 1 — 18 5 —

1 — 10 6 191 2 6

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 2 2i 40

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 16 2 295 20 —

3i0 7 4 1,289 ft

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 4 — 73

— 6 8 121 13 4

— 4 — 73

— 18 — 329 8 —

5 13 34 2,067 15 10

54 15 —

8 1234

6 926

— 3 — 54 15 —

— 7 2 130 15 10

" *6 5 4 300

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 4 — 73

— 6 8 121 13 4 '

— 5 — 91 5 —

— 2 6 45 12 6

— 26 45 12 6

— 1 — 185 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

i 3 — 419 15 —

3 *3 14 1»334 3 4

Sheerness.

s

4 Geo. I.

2" Decemb

647

Shterness.

The Governor -

Lieutenant Governor -

Fort Major -

Chaplain -

One Master Gunner - -

Thirteen other Gunners, each 12 Surgeon, who is to take care of the Sick and Wounded there, at the Old Dock, at , and the Forts on the River Medway -

Stilly Island.

\ Eight other Gunners, each 12

The Governor One Master Gunner

Scarborough Castle. £ Governor 6 £ Two Gunners,

each

Sterlin Castle. 1

' Ciovemor, and Captain -Deputy Governor -One Lieutenant -One Ensign -Two Serjeants, each 18 Two Corporals, each 12 Two Drummers, each 12 Sixty Soldiers, each 8 Chaplain -

Master Gunner -Three other Gunners, each 18 Gunsmith -

Per Diem.

£. s. d.

— 16 5}

— 10 —

— 4 —

— 2 —

— 2--

— 13 —

— 26

2 9 11}

— 10 —

— 8 —

- 10} 2 —

— 210}

Tynmouth Castle.

Tower of London. I

f The Governor -I Lieutenant Governor One Master Gunner I Three other Gunners, each 12 d.

fTo the Constable and Chief Governor -The Lieutenant -

Deputy Lieutenant -

Chaplain - -

Tower Major ——

Surgeon ——

Maiter Gunner -

Four other Gunners, each 12 c?.

The Gentleman Porter -

Forty Yeomen Warders, each is. 6d.

Physician ——

Apothecary -

Gentleman Gaoler -

The Water Pumper -

The Yeoman Porter, for Oil and Candles for the Gates The Scavenger -

The Clock-keeper and Bell-ringer -

For Repairs, and Intelligence, and sweeping the Chimnies

For Fuel for the Warders -

- 16 5}

— 10 —

- 4 —

- 3 —

- 3 —

— 2 —

— 2 —

— 26

— 2 —

-46

- 1 6

410 11}

— 16 5}

— 10 —

— 3 —

111 51

2 14 9i 1 18 4}

— 16 5}

— 68

— 4 —

— 26

— 2 —

4

1

6

1

4

8

1

-----6}

— 1 14.

-----7-f

-----10}

-----4

----- n

— 1

— — 4i

Per Annum.

Upnor.

Cockham

Wood.

( Two Master Gunners, each 2s.

\ Six other Gunners, each 1 s. r One Master Gunner 1 Four other Gunners, each u.

One Master Gunner

Gillingham. Four other Gunners, each 1 s. -sOne Master Gunner IJowness. Three other Gunners, each

1#.

Vol. 18.

9 3 3}

4

6

2

4

2

4

2

3

7

£. s. d.

300-----

182 10 —

73-----

36 10 — 36 10 — 237 5 —

45 12 6

911 7 6

182 10 — 36 10 — 146-----

365-----

16 -

36 10 —

52 10 —

300-----

182 10 —

73-----

54 15 — 54 15 — 36 10 — 36 10 —

730-----

45 12 6

36 10 — 2 6

.7 6

82

27

1,659 12 6

300-----

182 10 — 36 10 — 54 15 —

573 15

1,000-----

700 -

300 — — 121 13 4

73-----

45 »2 6

36 10 —

73-----

24 6 8 851 13 4

20 -

10-----

20-----

12- — —

l6-----

6-----

4-----

24-----

6 13 4

3-344 9 2

73-----

109 to — 36 10 —

73 — — 36 10 —

73-----

36 10 —

54 >5 —

492.l5

Fort

64 8

as0 Deemhris.

Fort William.

Governor -

Deputy Governor -Store-keeper and Marshal -. Master Gunner Two other Gunners, each 12 Smith

Wright -

Wtnd/br.

N«. Yarmouth.

(The Governor -J Lieutenant Governor j One Master Gunner (Two other Gunners, each 12

C One Master Gunner -(Two other Gunners, each 12

The Governor -Lieutenant Governor

g f Captain -

§ tj,) Twelve Warders, each 8 i £ \One Master Gunner (Two other Gunners, each 1

r

a jo \ Captain -

<§ < One Master Gunner

Isle of Wight. ( ^Four other Gunners, each 12

| \ Captain -

2 J One Master Gunner O ^Four other Gunners, each 1 -

aj (Captain -

JSU Master Gunner - -

GO /Two other Gunners, each 12

Surveyor of the Guards.

The Person who looks after the Repairs of the Horse-Guards in and about St.James's Park, and the Tilt-yard -

St. James’s Park ( One Master Gunner -

Gunners. (To the other Gunners that do Duty there

Fire-master.

Messengers.

Fire-master to the Grenadiers

f Messenger to the Secretary to the Forces ( Messenger to the Paymaster General -

Drum Major General. To the Drum Major General

( Prov J Thre

( at 1 each Barrack-master. Barrack-inafter to the Savoy

T> a vt rft 1 (Provost Marshal General -....

r°General & »Three Men who are to attend the Judge Advocate General,

Total

A. 1717-

Per Diem. Per Annum.

£. s. d. £. s.

— 16 si 300

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 26 45 12 6

— 2 — 36 >0 — '

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 16 27 7 6

— 1 6 27 7 6

1 >5 >>i 655 17 6

3 4 94 1,182 10 —

— 4 — 73

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

3 13 9 i 1,328 10 —

2 — 36 10 —

- 2 — 36 10 —

— 4 — 73

1 7 44- 500 — t —

1 - — — 365

— 2 6 45 12 6

— 8 — 146

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 4 — 73

— 2 — 36 10 — -

— 4 — 73

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 2 — 36 .10 —

— 4 — 73

— 4 — 73

— 2 — 36 10 —

— 2 — 3 10 —

4 >5 to 4- r,7)0 2 6

— 26

45 12 6

- 5 6

— 76

— 3 —

7 i

» 7 F

- 3 31

— 1 7*

— 5 —

— 46

9 6

- 3 34-110 8 (

36 10 — 100 7 6

136 17 6

54 *5 —

30

30

60-----

30 —

91 5 —

82 2 6

>73 7 6

60 -

560 12 fi

Regulation

4 Geo. I. 2° Decembri 649

Regulation of Fire and Candle for the several Guards and Barracks in the Garilons hereunder mentioned.

' . ‘ 1

For Berwick - - - -- - -> 54-----.»

Blackness Castle - - i<* — —

Calshot Calile - 10 — — -

Carlisle - - - 36-----

Chester - - - 3° --

Cing Ports - - -18 — —

Dunbarton Castle - -10-----

Edinburgh Castle - - - - 20---

Gravesend and Tilbury - - - - 73---

Guernsey - - 40 — —

Hull, and the Blockhouse ----- 237 — -

Hurst Castle - -18 — —

Jersey If! and - - - - 63-

Landguard Fort - 18---

St. Maws - - -10-----

Pendennis Castle - - - - -’-18---

Plymouth - - - - 91---

St. Nicholas Island, and Mount Batten - - - - -36-----

Portland Castle - - - - -10’---

Portsmouth - -- 500 — —

Sheerness - - 91 — —

Scilly Island - -18-----

Scarborough Castle - - - - 10---

Slerlin Castle - 20---

Tynmouth Castle - -18---

Tower of London - -127---

Upnor - - -20---

Fort William, for Frigates, Boats, Bedding, Firing, and Candle - 150-----

Windsor - - -18---

North Yarmouth - -10 — —

Isle of Wight - - - - "54 — —

For the Horse Guards, in the Whole ----- 350 — —

For the Foot Guards, in the Whole - - - - 450-----

For the Guards that do Duty at Edinburgh, and the Cannongate - 120 — —

- Total - 2,758 — —

Abstract.

Garisons, $c.

Berwick ——

Blackness -

Calshot Castle ——

Carlisle -

Chester ....

Clifford's Fort ——

Cing Ports -

Dunbarton Castle -

Edinburgh Castle -

Gravesend and Tilbury - -

Guernsey -

Hull, and the Blockhouse - -

Hurst Castle ——

Holy Island ——

Jersey Island -

Landguard Fort - - -

St. Maws -

Pendennis Castle ——

Plymouth, and St. Nicholas Island -

Portland Castle -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

Scilly Island -

Scarborough Castle - -

Sterlin Castle ——

Tynmouth Castle ——

Tower of London -

Upnor, dec. -

Fort William ....

Windsor ....

North Yarmouth -

Isle of Wight - - - - -.-

Other final I Payments ——

Fire and Candle for the Garisons -

Sum total granted the last; Session of Parliament for Garisons, and for Fire and Candle for the Garisons, in Great Britain £.

December the 2d, 1717. /. Craggs,

For 365 Days. £. s. d.

6

413 13 4 868 15 10 182 10 — 36 10 — 401 10 — 346 15 — 191 12 6

295 10 — 2,067 *5 10 130 j5 10

1,334 3 4 911 7 6

365-----

52 10 — 1,659 12 6 573 15 — 3,344 9 2

492 15 — 655 17

1,328 10 —

73-----

i,75o 2 6

560 12 6 2,758 -

28,245 9

Vol. 18.

8 C

An

Land Forces

disbanded,

Laominster

Election.

650 cP Decmlris. A. 1717.

An ACCOUNT Of the DHpefitiew of the Sum of 9,75$ J. granted the fe* Sofioa of Parliament for Fire and Candle, for the Garifona in Great Britain, included in a Sum of 28,245^ 9s- 2^* granted in the said Session for Garisons, and for Fire and Candle, for the-Year 1717.

For Berwick - -

Blackness Castle -

Caljhot Castle ——

Carlisle - -

Chester -

Cing Ports -

Dunbarton Castle ——

Edinburgh Castle ——

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Guernsey - -

Hull, and the Blockhouse -

Hurst Castle -

Jersey Istand ——

Landguard Fort -

St.Mazo’s -

Pendennis Castle - -

Plymouth ——

St.Nicholas Istand, and Mount Batten -Portland Castle -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness - - . -

Scilly I (land - -

Scarborough Castle .- - -

Sterlin Castle -

Tunmouth Castle - -

Tower of London -

Upnor -

Fort William, for Frigate?, Boats, Bedding, Firing, and Candle r Windsor ——

North Yarmouth -

Isle of fright

For the HorCe Guards, in the Whole -

For the Foot Guards, in the Whole -

For-the Guards that do Duty at Edi, and the Camongate -

54-----

10 — —

10-----

36-----

30-----

18-----

to-----

20-----

73-----

40-----

63-----

18-----

10 — — -18---

10-----

500-----

91-----

18-----

10-----

20-----

18-----

127 — — 20-----

150-----

18-----

10 — —

54-----

350 -

450-----

120-----

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Eftjmate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Slppcr preferred to the Hoyle, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty, ay Account of what Land Forces have beep dilbpndqd force the Beginning of the last Session of Parliaipe&t; and a f.what times, they were disbanded; distingiylbing the Officers, and private Men;.and what the Saving on the ffilbanding the Aid Troops doth amount to; Apd also,

An, Account of the Disposition of the Twenty thousand Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament for Contingencies for the Land Forces; and aft Warrants and Directions for itTuim Money thereupon, so for as the laote hath been yet culpoled of:

And the Titles of the said. Accounts were read. yrdqred. That the said Accounts and Warrants do lie uoon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the ifoufe.

The foid Accounts ^nd Warrants are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Henry Gorges, of Eye, in the County of Hereford, Esquine, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, together with George CafzcaU, of t}ie City of London, Banker, stood Candidates for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, at the lall Election of a. Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: That the said George Cqfwall did, by himself, and his Agents, openly and no-tpriously treat; and bribe great Numbers of the Electors; by which, their Votes were influenced.; as allb by virtue of large Sums of Money given by the said George CafzcaU, apd his Agents, to most of the said Voters, at his former 35

Total - £. 2,758-----

J. Craggs.

Election; for which Reatbn this honourable House de« dared the said Election void; by means whereof, and other indirect and corrupt Practices, he the said George CafzcaU hath again procured himself to be returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: That the said George CafwaU is not qualified to fit as a Member in this honourable House, not having a sufficient Estate; nor had, at tha time of his Election, 30 of per Annum, as required by an Act of Parliament, made in the NiDth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne: And praying such Relief as to the House in their great Wisdom mail seem meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition b« referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the IpfwichWrifc Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipfzcich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room

of William Churchill Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Bookseller,

Bookbinder, and Stationer, to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of tt># being read; House.

Ordered, Thex the Call of the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s

Navy

Mine head

Election.

Supplj.

4 Geo. I. £° — 30 Decetnbris. 651

Navy for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred Eighteen be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30 die Decembris;

Anno 4" Georgii Regis, 1717.

P KAYE RS.

AP ETIT IO N of Thomas Gage and Samuel Edwin Esquires was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioners, and Sir John Trevelyan, and James Milner Esquire, stood Candidates: That, at the said Election, John Jones and George James pretended to act as Constables of the said Borough; and, as such, preside at the said Elen ion as the Returning Officers; which they had no Right to do; and their Actings and Doings were contrary to, and in Violation of, the ancient Rights and Usage of the said Borough: That notwithstanding the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, yet the said Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. , although

not qualified within the late Act, made in the Ninth Year of the late Queen Anne, for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by the farther qualifying of Members to lit in the House of Commons; by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, having procured the Votes of several of the Burgesses, got themselves to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, rejxjrted from the

Committee of the w-hole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be allowed for Sea-Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen; beginning from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the Ten thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred twenty-four thousand Eight hundred Fifty-leven Pounds Fourteen Shillings Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Vou Hfe

Ordinary of the Navy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, including Half-pay.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House was, according to Order, called over:

And the Names of such as made Default to appear were taken down.

Ordered, That the Names of such as made Default be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly:

And several of them were excused, upon account of Sickness; and those who were not excused, were, upon the Question severally put upon them, ordered to attend at certain rimes appointed for them, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That James Jennings Esquire, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Wittewronge, Sir Henry; Francis

Robarts, John West, Esquires; Sir John

Knight, George Pitt, Esquires; Sir William Robinson; the Earl of Montrath; Harry Mordaunt Esquire; Sir Richard Child, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright; William Grimston Esquire; Sir Thomas pepyr, Sir Jeffery Palmer; James Winstanley, Robert Britiffe, George England, Esquires; Sir John,

Sir Jonathan Cope; Humphrey Walcott, Joseph Earle, George Pitt, Esquires; Sir Edward Ernly;

fiter Fuller Esquire; the Lord Shannon; Francis Eyles Tquire; and Sir Thomas Read; do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir William Carew; Edward Erie, John Trelawny, Philip Rashleigh, Shilston Calmady, James Montague, Richard Coffin, Samuel Trefusis, Esquires; Sir Edmund Prideaux, Sir Nicholas Sir John

Cory ton; Samuel Rolle, Gilfred Lawson, Esquires; Lord James Cavendish, Sir William Courtenay, Sir Coplestone Warwick Bamfylde;John Bampfylde, Francis Drewe,

StephenNorthleigh, Esquires; Sir John Rogers-, Christopher Harris, William Northmore, Esquires; Sir Arthur Chichester; John Rolle Esquire; Sir William Pole; Richard Reyjicll, John Foxvnes, Thomas Bere, George fren-

chard, Henry Trenchard, John Henley, William den, Esquires; Henry Lord Downe; William Thompson Esquire; Sir William Lowther; Thomas Master, William Dmvdeswell, Esquires; Sir Hungerford Hoskyns; John Bigg, Charles Cecill, Charles Bertie, Thomas Lewis, Esquires; Sir Justinian Isham; Thomas Cartwright, Charles Parker, William WilFrancis Willoughby, John Digby, Corbet Kynaston, William Forester, Richard Homage, William Pynsent, James Smith, George Do-dington, Esquires; Sir John Trevelyan; William Stephens, Clement Corrance, Esquires; Sir Harvey , Sir Richard Farrington; Thomas Miller, William Knight, John Morley Trevor, William Peytoe, Esquires; Sir Thomas Samuel; Samuel Swift, Gray James Grove, Reynolds Calthorpe, John Richmond alias Webb, John Ivory Talbott, Esquires; and Sir James Long; do attend the Service of this House upon Thursday Sevennight.

Ordered, That John Eden, John Thomas

Wentworth junior, Thomas Wentworth Turner,

Sidney Wortley alias Montague, Richard Shuttleworth, Henry Fleetwood Esquires; Sir Roger Bradshaigh -, James Earl of Barrymore; Thomas Lister Esquire; Sir Thomas Johnson; Edward Norris, Esquire; Sir John;

Francis Delavall Esquire; Daniel Lord Finch; Walter Chetwynd, Arthur Ingram, Arthur Ingram, Mey-

rick, Esquires; Sir Edward; Stephen Parry,

John Griffith, Thomas Wynne, John Roberts, Esquires; Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Charles Sir Edward

Stradlinge; Richard Vaughan, John Pugh, Esquires; Sir Arthur Owen; Thomas Ferrers, John Rarloru\ and Thomas Lewis, Esquires; do attend the Service of this House upon Thursday Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Camming junior, Sir James Campbell; Alexander AEiquire; Sir Robert Gordon; John Campbell Esquire; Sir William Johnstone; Alexander Fergmsen, John Baird junior, Esquires;

Sir

Call of th* House.

Customs applicable to National Debt*

Bi (hop's

Castle

Election.

New Radnor Election.

6 c 2 30 — 4* D 1717.

Sir George JVarrander, Sir John Philip

struther, John Middleton, Captain William Douglas, James Lockhart, Daniel Campbell, Esquires; Sir fames Cuninghame; James Moodie junior, Alexander Murray, George Douglas, Henry Cuningham, Lieutenant General

Charles Rq/Jc, John Pringle, Esquires; and Colonel Pa-

trick Vanfe; do attend the Service of this House upon Thursday the Ninth Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P*ATKES.

BRAHAM Botefeur took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The Hoofe being acquainted, That Mr. Burnet, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the grofe and net Produce of the Branches of the Customs, applicable to the Payment of the National Debt, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred Nine to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred

Sixteen.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Edward Harley Esquire, commonly called Lord Harley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop; had a Majority of legal Votes; but that Charles Mason and Richard Harneage Esquires did, by themselves, and their

Agents, John Homes, of HiJJington, Witting-

ham, Edmund Morris, John Jones, Moris Pugh, Richard Colehach, and Humphry Thomas, by Bribes, and other indirect and illegal Practices, procure themselves to be returned: That the said Charles Mason was not qualified, at the time of the Election, as the Law requires, to be elected a Member; his Estate, at the time of his Election, being under Extent to the Crown, and liable to . other great Incumbrances: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the said Edward Harley Esquire, commonly called Lord Harley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election for a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, and the other Boroughs in that County: That a great Majority of the legal Voters appeared, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; but Mr., Samuel Burton, Bailiff of the said Borough, refused to admit them, and returned Thomas I^ervis Esquire, junior; who is not qualified, as the Law requires, to serve for a Borough; and that the said Mr. Burton, Thomas Lewis senior, Esquire, and William James, of Ccven Keecc, have pretended to make feme Hundreds of illegal Burgesses, and polled them for Mr. Letvis, contrary to the known Practice and Usage of the said Borough; declaring, at the time of making the said Burgesses, it was to exclude the Petitioner: That the said Bailiff did not give Four Days Notice of the Election, as the Law requires: That Mr. Burton, Thomas Lewis senior, Esquire, Mfr.

berlenn, Deputy Sheriff, and One of the Coroners of the said County, and others their Agents, by Menaces, Bribes, and Threats, have endeavoured to influence the Electors to give their Votes against the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Phillip Freke and Thomas Edwards junior, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Right of Election of Members of Parliament for the City of Bristol is veiled-in the Freemen and Freeholders of the same City: That the Petitioners, together with Sir William Dairies, and Joseph Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election there: That the Petitioners were duly chosen by a great Majority, which the Sheriffs did declare on calling up the Poll Books: That, after the said Election, an Indenture, importing that the Petitioners were duly elected, was, by Mr. Taylor, One of the Sheriffs, fattened and sealed to the Writ for the Electing of Members there; notwithstanding all which, the -laid Sheriffs have, unduly and maliciouffy, returned the said Sir William Daines, and Joseph Earle j the Indenture before-mentioned having, by undue Practice, been fevered from the said Writ: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors now in the common Gaol for the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of their differing Brethren in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Loffe; and Misfortunes incident to Mankind, are brought under Confinement; and, having no Allowance from the Gaol, rely only on the Charity of well-disposed Christians: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House, in their great Wisdom, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several poor insolvent Debtors, Prisoners in Nonvich Castle, in the Name of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of their long Confinement, and having neither Friends, nor other Support, but the County Allowance, are utterly ruined by the Law executed on them: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the several Members who made Default Yesterday to appear upon the Call of the House, and who have particular Days appointed them for attending the Service of the House, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, if they do not respectively attend at the Times appointed.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do, presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That no Leave be a(ked for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of One and Two of the Clock.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Abraham Botefeur, Merchant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr: London, Mr. Jjawther, Mr. Heysham, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Plumtree, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Monroe, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Treby, Lord Molesworth, Sir John Norris, Mr. Haldane, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Cur-zon, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Whitmore, Sir John Ward, Mr. Morice, Mr. Monson, Sir William Windham, Mr. Pa-

pillon,

1

Bristol

Eledioa.

Debtors Petition.

Defaulters ttl Call of the House.

Botefeur*!

Nat

4 Geo. I.' 4° Decemb. 653

pillon, Mr. Hardress* Mr. Heath, Sir Tho. Crv/s, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. WAdmiral Mr. Pitt,

Mr. KeviH, 'Mr. Wallis, General Pepper, Mr. Diston, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Banket, Colonel Bla-

den, Mr. Ilutchenfon, Mr. Tret anion, Mr. Hem, Mr. Wrightjim, Mr. Williams, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smithjbn, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert And

they are to meet' this Afternoon ait Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sualing A Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punish-Cattle. ing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read a Second time.

Jtcjblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Herne, Mr. Mr. London, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre,. Lord Wm. PLord Mr Mr. Haldane, Mr. Monson, Mr. Freman, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir John Norris, Mr. York, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Lowther, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr.

thuaite. Sir Tho. D'Ath, Mr. Harvey, Lord Guernsey, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr.; and all

that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Hertford, Essex, and S: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

R&t? of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-

Interest, See. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve. itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garilons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen, for Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers for the Ypar One thousand Seven hundred Eighteen; distinguishing the Quality and Number of the said General Officers particularly; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Disposition of the Twenty thousand Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament for Contingencies for the said Land Forces, and all Warrants and Directions for issuing Money thereupon, so far as the same hath been yet disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Disposition of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine Shillings Two Pence granted the last Session of Parliament for Guards and Garisons, and for Fire and Candle for the Garisons, in Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Disposition of the Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings Six Pence Halfpeny gran ted the last Session of Parliament for General and Staff Officers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament for Fire and Candle for the Garisons in Great Britain, included in a Sum of Twenty-eight

Yol. 18,

thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Nine Shillings Two Pence granted in the said Session for Garisons, and Fire and Candle, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, be referred to the.laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Men in each particular Regiment contained in the Estimate of Guards and Garisons laid before the House; and what the whole Number of Men in all the said Regiments amount to; be refereed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Land Forces have been disbanded since the Beginning of the last Session of Parliament, and at what times they were disbanded; distinguishing the Officers, and private Men; and what the Saving on the disbanding the said Troops doth amount to; be refereed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers, and Estimate of Half-pay to the said reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, fyc. unprovided for, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen, to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven hund red Eighteen, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That Exception t* Exceptions having been taken to some Words spoken in I'Vo^fpoltea the Committee by William Shippcn Esquire, a Member of shippen.

the House, the Committee had directed him to report the Words to the House.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Fart'er reported the Words accordingly; and they are as follow; viz.

That William Shippcn Esquire, speaking of the King’s Speech, said these Words)

" That the Second Paragraph of the King’s Speech " seemed rather to be calculated for the Aleridian of Germany than Great Britain: "

" That the King is a Stranger to our Language and " Constitution."

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles,

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then Air. Shippen was heard in his Place,

And withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Words spoken by William Shippen Esquire, a Alember of this House, are highly diffionourable to, and unjustly reflecting on, his Majesty’s Person and Government;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| gfrChf°HotK} ,75-

Tetters for the Noes, j ^Ax°1Vr^htfin }

So it wras resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That William Shippen Esquire be, for his said ^r- s,1'PP*n Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Tower of th^Tower.1* London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Air. Farrer acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move,. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committeo.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

S D

654 5* — 6® — 7° Decembris. A. 1717.

Debtors Petition.

Duties on Houses*

Duties on jtkin*.

Hawkers and

Pedlars

Licences*

Supply*

'Members

Aunmoutd.

JovtSj 5* die Dtcembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors now in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lancaster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That as his Sacred Majesty was graciously pleased, the last Session of Parliament, to grant an Act of Grace to his criminal and rebellious Subjects; so they hope, that will be a Motive to induce this honourable House to take their deplorable and miserable Condition into their compassionate and charitable Consideration: That they are both ready and willing to assign over all their Efle&s to their Creditors, so that they might have their Liberty: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners for the Duties upon Hides, fife, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the Old and New Duties On Houses, from Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred Ten to Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred Seventeen: And also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Years ended the Twenty-fourth of June 1712, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1717; and an Estimateof the gross and net Produce from the Twenty-fourth of June 1717 to Michaelmas following; exclusive of Scotland, and the Duties on imported Skins:

And then the Commissioners withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners for the Duties upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapman, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Revenue arising by Licences granted to Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen. '

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the others Papers of

this Section.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and other Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Sa-. turday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have . Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

/~\RD E R E D, That M r. Speaker do issue his W;arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, in the room of Laois Pryfe Esquire, expelled this House.

Cardigaa

Writ.

Ordered, That the Words reported, the Fourth In- Mr."Shippen'* stant, from the Committee of the whole House, who were Wor^10 to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, to be pruu spoken by Wm. Shippen Esquire, be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had com© to several Resolutions; which they had directeii him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received to Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That some of the Com- gait D«U«a missioners for the Duties upon Salt attended at the

Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duties of Twelve Pence per Bushel on Salt for the South Sea Company,'and Two Shillings Four Pence per Bushel for the East India Company, from Lady-day 1710 to Michaelmas 1717.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That feme of the Com- Dutie» o* missioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs at- Hackney tended at the Door; Coache*

They

LaiHictfton

Writ.

Supply

4 Geo. I.

7° — p° Decembris.

*55

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfhant to their Addrefe to his Majesty, an Account of the'gross and net produce of the Duties on Hackney Coaches and Chairs, applicable to the sinking the Principal, and Payment of the Interest, of the National Debt, from the Commencement of the said Duties respectively, to Michaelmas 1717.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be jieruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the clefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheted, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John A ns t is Esquire; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Garter Principal King at Ar/ns.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the liesolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Number of eftefitive Men to be provided for, for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for Jersey and Guernsey, for the Year 1718, be Sixteen thousand

Three hundred Forty-seven, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred eighty-one thousand Six hundred Eighteen Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Sixteen thousand Three hundred Forty-seven eftefitive Men for Guards and Garisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1718.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred Sixty-six Pounds Five Shillings be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in the Plantations in America for the Year 1718.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifty-leven thousand Six hundred Thirteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings Seven Pence be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garisons in Minorca for the Year 1718.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirty-nine Thousand Three hundred Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings Nine Pence Half-peny be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garison in Gibraltar for the Year 17*8.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirteen thousand Five hundred Fifty-one Pounds Nine Shillings Five Pence be granted to his Majesty, for Provisions for the Garison in Gibraltar for the Year 1718.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings One Pcny be granted to his Majesty, for Provisions for the Garisons at Placentia and Annapolis for the Year 1718.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opiniorvof this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings Ten Pence be granted to his Majesty, for Ordnance Stores, and Provisions, for the Independent Company in the Islands of Bahama and Providence, for the Year 1718.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thirty thousand Three hundred Sixty-one Pounds Five Shillings Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Ilalf-

Vei. 18.

pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1718.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Three hundred Twenty seven Pounds Twelve Shillings Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Land Service for the Year 1718.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Six hundred Forty-five Pounds Eight Shillings Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Treasurer of the Navy to make good the Payments which at, or before, the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1718, may be demanded of bim, pursuant to an Act of Parliament for completing the Funds of Six hundred eight thousand Pounds per Annum payable to the South Sea Coin*

pany. _ .

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred eighty-one thousand One hundred Ninety-six Pounds Eight Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1717.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,; ' },!«.

Tellers for the Noes, ("if

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Number of eftefitive Men to be provided for, for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for hrfey apd Guernsey, for the Year 1718, be Sixteen thousand Three hundred Forty-seven, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle*.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The Three last of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned 'till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 9* die Decembris;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pkatkrs.

pESOLVED, That an humble Address be presented ?ufl>rers in to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to Nevis and st. give Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this Christopher’* House, an Account of the Debt to the Sufferers of Nevis and St. Christopher’s.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Owen Buckingham Esquire: who, since his

Elefilioo

Heading

Writ.

6c,6 9° — 10° — x

ISleftion (for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy.

Half-pay Refoked, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That be will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of the Number of Half-pay Officers, which have been provided for in the Regiments raised finoe the First Day of June 1715; and what oilier Persons have had Commissions in the said Regiments, who were not Half-pay Officers; and an Account of such Officers who are now upon the Lift for Halt-pay, and are otherwise provided for; and an Account of such Officers as are on the Lift for Half-pay, and who had not any Commission in the Army before the First Day of 1715.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counoil.

°* Refelved, That an humble Address be presented to his Minorca. Majesty, That he will be graciously'pleased to give Directions, That the Report made by Mr. Neil, who was appointed Surveyor General of the Island of Minorca; and all Accounts relating to the Revenuesand Profits of the said Island; with all the Charges and* Incumbrances thereupon; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such. Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to codider further of the Supply ^granted to his Majesty.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they

had coipe to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refobced, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

r.mmirt... Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, io* die;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis* 1717.

Prayers.

iHbton A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Petition. Prison of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, That many of the Petitioners have been restrained from precious Liberty many Years; whereby their Families have been ruined, and they themselves but Shadows of Men, and the despicablcft Objects of Mankind; and those of the Petitioners, whole Misfortunes are of a later Date, have nothing in their View but the wretched Precedents before mentioned j unlefe his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give them Redemption: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of tiiemselves, -and the rest of their distressed Brethren within the Kingdoms of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ue upon the Table.

16

i0 Decembris. A, 1717.

The Names of the Members who made Default to ap- Defaulters t* pear upon the Call of the House, and who were ordered Call of the to attend the Service of the House this Day, were called Hoover:

And, most of them appeared; and feme of them were excufod.

The Name of George Pitt, of Shroton, Esquine, being called over;

And his Excuse not being allowed of;

Ordered, That the fei $ George Pitt, Shroton,

Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of die Supply granted to his Majesty, the Re-folutiou which they had duelled him to report to the House; which he read iu his Plate; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sixteen thousand Three hundred Forty-seven effective Men for Guards and Garisons, and other his Majesty’s I-and Forces, iD Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1718.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 81x1 to consider of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committac*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, l i° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, Thai the Secretary of Daceuh#* the Tru frees for the Repair of the Breach in the Breach. River of Thames at Dagenham and Havering attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the , House, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual preferring die Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex', and for ascertaining the Coal-measure; the Aiccount of the Treasurer to the find Traftees from Christmas 1716 to Michaelmas 1717.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, purfoant to their prrrnnrinf Addrefc to his Majesty, several Papers relating to the the utdod ctf Revenues of his Majesty’s Island of Minorca: Minorca.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

- The feid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and CrojJa, ttmi others, living in, or near, |he several Parishes in which Koarf*-

the

4 Geo. I. 11° — 120

the Road from the City of London, to the several Towns of Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston, in the County of Surry,

do lie; and also of several Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, Carters, and others, who frequent and pass the said Roads; was pre-fcnted to the House, and read; lotting forth. That the said Hoads, by reason of the Multitude of Passengers, and heavy Carriages, frequently pairing to and from the Towns aforesaid, are become ruinous, and great many Parts thereof so very bad, that the fame, in the Winter fealbn, are very dangerous to such who have Occasion. to travel the said Roads, and almost impassable: That although the Inhabitants of the Parishes, in which the said Roads He, have, from time to time, been at very great Expetices in repairing and amending the same, yet the said Roads are lb very bad, that the same cannot, by tire Laws now in Force, be effectually amended and repaired, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the Matter of Fast, as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Nich. Caretc, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Morice, Mr Stanhope, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Yonge, Mr. Carter, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Bay lie, Mr.

Hutcheson, Mr. Ward, Mr. Diston, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Chijiccll, Sir Tho. Scawen, Sir Nath. Mead, Colonel Morton, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Herne, Mr. Clayton, Lord Castlecomer, Mr. FVe?«aw, Mr.

AJed/ycott, Sir Tho. Cross, Lord CMr. Conyers, Sir John Ward, Mr. lludge, Mr. Heathcott, Mr.

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Dr-ewe, Mr. Smith, Sir Bichard Farrington, Mr. Lade, Mr. and all that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read Supply. Refolrcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing uext, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Wa3'* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, wh0je House> to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grunted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rclblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Aiorning.

Air. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Decetnbris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Answ«r to \/f R. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addrtfles. A Addrefi’es of the Ninth Instant, having been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty wo*ild be pleased to give Directions, That the Debt to the Sufferers of Vox,. 18.

Decembris. 57

Nevis and St. Christopher's; and also that the Report made by Air. Neil, and Accounts relating to the Island of Minorca; may be laid before this House; his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That the same should be done accordingly.

Air. Comptroller also acquainted the House, That their Answer to Address, of the Ninth Instant, having been presented to Addrefr. his Majesty, That he would be pleased to give Directions,

That an Account may be laid before tins House of the Number of Half-pay Officers, which have been provided for in the Regiments raised since the First Day of June 1715; and what other Persons have had Commissions in the said Regiments who were not Half-pay Officers; and an Account of such Officers who are now upon the Lift for Half-pay, and are otherwise provided for; and an Account of such Officers as are on the Lift of Halfpay, and who had any Commission in the Army before the First Day of June 1715; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, lie would give Directions the same should be done with as much Expedition as the Nature thereof would admit.

Admiral Aylmer presented to the House, pursuant to Naval

their Address to his Majesty, a Scheme and Estimate of Repair*

the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy for the Year 1718:

And also,

An Account of the Rebuildings and extraordinary

Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extraordinary Works performed at his Majesty’s Yards, in the Year 1715: And also,

An Account of the Rebuildings and extraordinary Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extraordinary Works performed at his Majesty’s several Yards, in the Year 1716:

And the Title of the said Eimate and Accounts wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Alembers of the House.

The said Estimate and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That several of the Com- Stamp missioners for the Duties on stamped Vellom, Parchment, ^utlM‘ and Paper, and Rates on Alonies with Clerks, &c. attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty, an Account of the gross Sums received on Account of the Stamp-duties, with the net Produce thereof, from tho Twenty-fifth of March 1710, to Michaelmas 1717: And also,

Gross and net Produce of the Rates on Alonies with Clerks, §c. from the Commencement, May 1710, to Michaelmas 1717.

And then they witlidrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Air. Farrer, according to Order, reported, from the Ways Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of and Means* Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards rdifing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1718, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pension?, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed]; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty

8 E for

6g8 iz* — 13 DA. 1717.

for the Union, be Itiid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Refetation being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereilnto, by leaving out the Word " Three," in order to insert the Word "Two:"

Add 'the Question being put* That the Word " Three" ftaftd part of the said Refohition; it was resolved in the Affirmative. i Refohed, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be ruled, in the Year 1718, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pen-lions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain caHed England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Farre, Lord Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Charles Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Names of the Members who made Default to appear upon the' Call of the House, and who were ordered to attend the Service of the House this Day, were called over i

And many of them appeared; and several were excused.

The Name of Sir William Baronet, being called over;

And the Question being put, That Sir Carew

be exculed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J JJr I I28'

Teller, for the Noes, { J 78.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Name of GilfredLawfon Esquire, befog called over;

And the Question befog put, That Gilfred Lawson Esquire, be exculed

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeasiJ JJr: } 122,

Tellers for the Noes,[ &l'no: } 122‘

The Voiees being equal, Mr. Speaker declared with the Yeas; to the end Mr. Laxofon might have a further Day given him.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered That Mr. Lawjon do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Scvennight.

The Name of William Northmore Esquire, befog called over;

And his Excuse being not allowed of;

Ordered, That the said William Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Name of John Rolle Esquire, bang called overj

And his Excuse being not allowed of;

Ordered, That the said John Rolle Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Name of William Okeden Esquire, befog called over;

And the Question being put, That he be exculed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Noes, jj£

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Sir William Lowther Baronet, being called over;

And his Excuse not being allowed of;

Ordered, That the said Sir William Leather Baronet, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

The Name of the honourable Charles fetid Esquire, being called over;

And no Excuse being offered for him;

Ordered, That the said Charles Cecill Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.-

The Name of Charles Bertie Esquire, befog called over;

And his Excuse being not allowed of;

Ordered, That the said Charles Bertie Esquire, ba taken into the Custody of the Serjeautat Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Rate of

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to biureft.

consider of the Act of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the Iioofe adjourned tUL Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris > 13* die Decembrist

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717*

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for theelefting a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surry, in the room of the honourable Thomas Onslow Esquire, now Lord -flow, called up to the House of Peers.

Surry

Writ.

A Petition of the Poor insolvent Debtors confined in the Debtors County Gaol for Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many Petition. Thousands more in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their deplorable Circumstances are unexpressible; and have not wherewithal to satisfy their Creditors; and, through a long Imprisonment, are become a poor, dlf-treffed, and miserable, Company; and rauft inevitably perish, unless relieved by the House; And praying,

That a Bill may be brought in, and pals, this Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, Supply BUfj a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land L*"1 T»*-Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4 Geo. I.

14" — 16 — 17® Decemlrts.

*59

Sabbatic uf die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Leave of /ORDERED, That Sir Justinian Isham have Leave a bit nee. to go juto the Country for Six Weeks, upon extra-

I.eominster

Election.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Half-pay

Officers.

ordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Henry Gorges Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brifor the Service of the Year, 1718, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoiced', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it fell" into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Mr. Craggs presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Number of Half-pay Officers, which have been provided for in the Regiments raised since the Fii ft Day of June 1715: And also,

An Account of what Persons have Commissions in the Regiments raised since the First Day of June 1715, who were not Half-pay Officers on the British Establillinient of Half-pay.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

House informed re-

Mr. Craggs also acquainted the House, That, as to the other Accounts relating to the Half-pay Officers, ad-Acrount*°me drolled for by this House, it will take up a very consider-abletime to prepare an Account of that Nature; and that it will not be practicable to prepare them in the manner detired by the House.

Mr. Loxondes acquainted the House, That, since the Revenues of Papers relating to the Revenues of Minorca were laid *}j* ,stand before the House, pursuant to their Address to his Ma- UM>rc* jesty, there hath come to his Hands an Estimate of the Charges and Appropriations of the Royal Revenues of Minorca; which he presented to the House:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom Boetefem's the Bill for the Naturalization of Nat.

Merchant, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Land granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718;

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Credit

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ITalf-p«y

Officers.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House of what Warrants have been granted for dffpenfing with the taking the , Oath required to be taken by Officers in Half-pay, that they are not otherwise provided for.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he w ill be graciously pleased to give Direction, That the Proceedings of the Board of General Officers appointed last Year to inspect the Lists of Halfpay, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said "Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Craggs presented to she House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of what Warrants have been granted for dispensing with the taking the Oaths required to be taken by Half-pay Officers, that they are not otherwise provided for: And also,

An Account of the Proceedings of the Board of General Officers appointed last Year to inspect the Lift of Half-pay; in Two Books: And also,

Instructions for the Board of General Officers appointed to examine the reduced Officers upon Hulf-pay:

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Instructions were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and InstruCHons do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Instructions are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Half-pay Officers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Committees.

Answer to

Adiireffes.

Lu 16° die Decembris;

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addresses, of Saturday last, relating to the Halfpay Officers, have been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That the Account and Proceedings thereby desired be laid before this House.

Vol. 18.

A

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 17° die Decembris \

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717. Prayers.

PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors, now

in the Sheriff’s Ward at Saint Thomas the,

in the County of Derow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are in a most miserable and

deplorable.

Debtor*

Petition,

66o 170 — 1Decentbris. A. 1717.

Defaulters to Call of the House discharged*

Dublic Debts*

Nevis and St*

Christopher

Debentures.

Excise Duties.

Army Debts.

I)r. T load ley to preach on 30th Jan.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

deplorable Condition, having not wherewith to keep them from starving; and being willing to part with all they have, to satisfy their Creditors, if they will accept of the fame: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Deliverance out of Prison.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir William Baronet, in Cuf-

tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Charles Bertie Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for negleaing to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed. That Mr. Fox, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door}

He was called in; and, at die Bar, presented to die House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty, an Account of the public Debts at the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of what Principal and Interest is due on Nevis and Saint Christopher Debentures to Michaelmas

1717*

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the odier Papers of this Session.

The House beng informed. That feme of the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty, Two Papers; viz.

Excise: The Three Nine Pences additional Three Pence, Low Wines, and Sweets; Estimate of die grols Produce from Lady day 1710 to the Twenty-fourth of June 1710; the grols Produce from the said Twenty-fourth of June 1710 to die Twenty-fourth of June 1717, in distinct Years; with an Estimate from the said Twenty-fourth of June 1717 to Michaelmas following; and the net Produce, or Payments into the Exchequer accordingly, for the whole time: And also.

Duties on Candles, Soap, Paper, fife.; printed Silks, 3Cc:;. Gilt and Silver Wire, and Starch; gross and net Produce of the said Duties from their several Commencements tp Midsummer 1717; and an Estimate of the gross and net Produce of the said Dudes from Midsummer 1717, to Michaelmas 1717, applicable to the linking the Principal, or Payment of the Interest, of the National Debt.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Hating die Debts due to the Army, do lay before tins House an Account of what Debentures or Certificates have been made out by them, on account of any Claims, Debts, or Demands, whatsoever.

Ordered, That Dr. John lloadley be desired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, on the Thirtieth of January next: And that Mr.

Craggs, and the Lord William do acquaint him

therewith.

Mr. Farrcr, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718, was committed; die Amendments they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were 16

once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir James Bateman, Sir Philip Parker, Governor Harrijbn, Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Sazcbridge, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Nor they, Mr. London, Sir Theo. Janjen, Mr. Bijs, be added to the Committee' to whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gendemen, and others, living in or near the several Parishes in which the Road from the City of London to the several Towns of Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston, in the County of Surry, do lie; and also of several Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Hig-lers. Carters, and others, who frequent and pass the said Roads; was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Decembrts;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant " to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guilford, in the County of Surry, in the room of Denzil Onslow Esquire; who, since his EleC^on for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Ouf-ranger of his Majesty’s Forest of Windsor.

A Petition of Sir George Mathexv Knight, Sir Richard JIublon Knight, John Stafford, Peter Thomas

Clarke, Miles Barnes, and Joseph Jackson, of London, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, -and great Numbers of other Merchants, late separate Traders to the East Indies by Licence, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament in that behalf made, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the separate Trade to the East Indies was established by several Acts of Parliament; but, in a particular manner, by one Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann> which separate Trade expired at Michaelmas 1714, and was always exclusive and independent of the East India Company: That, during the Continuance of the said separate Trade, great Quantities of East India Goods, as well rated as unrated, were imported into this Kingdom; and the same were entered at the Custom-house by themselves, or Agents; and Securities given for the Payment of the Customs and Dudes of the lame, as usual; which were afterwards duly paid as they were required, according to the constant and ancient Method used and pra&iled for that Purpose: That all Persons concerned in the said separate Trade fold the said Goods at the Candle; and, in the Sale thereof, had always afpecial Regard to the Duties for the fame; those being the Measure or Standard of their Profit or Lois; and, after such Sales, from time to time, adjusted, paid, divided, accounted, and balanced, the net Prodtiee of their respective Trades and Dealings among all Persons interested therein: That, long after the Expiration of the said separate Trade; in Easter Term 1715; the Attorney General hath exhibited a great many Informations, in the said Court of Exchequer, against the said Traders, to compel diem to pay further and greater Sums of Money than they all along paid during the Continuance of the said separateTrade, on account of the Dudes of the said unrated East India Goods, according to a new algebraick Method of Computation; although they had, long before that time, paid the Duties demanded of them for the said Goods, in Discharge of the Security by them

Sy

Croydon,*

Roads.

GuilfortJ

Writ.

Duty on tm* I rated Goods.

Kent street Roads.

Half-pay

Officer*.

4 Geo. I. 180 — 19 Dece. 661

them Riven for the lame: That many against whom Officers delivered to this House, for the Year 1718; and the Informations are laid were Agents for other Personsin which were not on the Establishment of Half-pay in the entering the said unrated Goods, and Dealers; being Year 1714; distinguishing such of the said Officers as many of them dead, and insolvent; so that if such Pro- have been reduced out of any Regiments, and such as fccutions should be carried on, and Recoveries had against have been added by Warrants from his Majesty. the said Traders, and many others, for those new de- That an humble Address be presented to his

manded Customs, many Families must inevitably be Majesty, That he will be pleated to give Directions, That ruined; and will occasion many endless Law-suits: And an Account be laid before this House of the yearly praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Amount of the Half-pay of the Officers added by War-Consideration, and gracioutly interpose on the Petitioners rants from his Majesty since the Establishment of One behalf, in Inch manner as to them ilmll feein meet. thousand Seven hundred Fourteen.

Ordered, 'l'hat the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That A Petition of several Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices an Account be laid before this House of the yearly Amount of the Peace, of the several Counties of Kent and Surry, of the Half-pay of such Officers as have had Commissions and other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the since the First of One thousand Seven hundred

said Counties, living in or near the several Towns and Parishes lying in the Highways leading from the Stones End, of Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark,

in the said County of Surry, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Blao'chcath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the said County of and

all'o of several Grafiers, Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, and others, w ho frequent and pass the said Highways; whole Names are subscribed to the said Petition; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Highways leading from the Stones End of Kent-str aforesaid to the said

Lime-kilns in East Greenwichand to Lewisham Church aforesaid, are, by reason of the many heavy Loads and Carriages of Goods, Stage and Hackney Coaches, Paflen-gers, and Droves of Cattle, passing through the said Highways, become so very founderous and ruinous, that, in the Winter-leafon, it is dangerous to all Persons who have Occasion to pass through the said Highways: l'hat the Inhabitants of the Towns and Parishes in which the said Highways lie, have, from time to time, been at great Expences in repairing and amending the same; yet they are so very bad, that they are almost impassable: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Highways aforesaid.

Ordered, l'hat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Colonel , Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Tko. Hales, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hun-gerjord, Mr. Duckminique, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hey sham. Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. JVirulfor, Mr. Hardress, Sir Gregory Page, Sir John Norris, Mr. Gibbons, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Conyers, Sir Hen. Oxenden, Mr. Sir

Sir Richard Fanngton, Sir Hoskyns, Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Inge, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Ash, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Tho. Mr. Herne, Mr. Fre-

man, Sir John Ji alter, Mr. Lade, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Diston,

Mr. Morice, Mr. Drew, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. IVallop, Sir Samuel Leonard, Mr. Curson; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, l'hat an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of the Names and Qualities of the several Officers who have had Commissions, since the First of October 1714, in any of the Regiments of Foot, Horse, or Dragoons, then in being; distinguishing such of the said Officers as, at the Times of such Commissions, w ere on the British, or on the Irish, or on any other, Establishment of Half-pay, respectively; and such of the said Officers as were on no Establishment of Half-pay.

RtJolved, That an humble Address be prefeuted to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Direction, That an Account be laid before this House of the Names and Qualities of such Officers as are in the Lift of Half-pay Vol. 18.

Fourteen; and who, at the time of their respective Commissions, were on no Establishment of Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty‘s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 190 die Decembris;

Anna 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Abraham Boetefeur, Merchant, w-as read the Third time. Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Abraham Boetefeur, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in' Great , for the

Service of the Year 1718, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of die Year 1718.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Ad-drefies of Yesterday, relating to the Half-pay of the reduced Officers, have been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty has been pleased to give Directions for the Accounts therein mentioned to be laid before this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That such of the Members of this House as were ordered to attend their Service in Parliament this Day, do attend upon Thursday the Ninth Day of next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday the Eleventh Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

And then the House adjourned tHl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8 F

Supply*

Boetefeur’s

Nat,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Answer to Addrefl’ts,

Defaulter* to Call of tho House.

Rate of lattrfft*

'its Decembris.

662

A\ 1717,

Veneris, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

PBATKII*.

Debtor* A PETITION of the very many poor and dif-

Wtition*. treffed Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Borough

of Leicester, and County Gaol of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by a long and tedious Confinement, reduced to extreme Poverty, and unable to pay their Creditors; but are willing and desirous to surrender the Whole of their Effects into the Hands of their Creditors; many of them being almost starved through Want: And praying, That an Act may pass for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors of the County Gaol Of Cumberland, in the City of Carlisle, in the said County,

on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols of this Kingdom; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement; whereby they are daily perishing for Want, and not able to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Insolv«nt Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Debtors, discharging such insolvent Debtors as are now in Gaol;

and who were actual Prisoners the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716: And that Mr. Sir William

Lowther, and Mr. Frcman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Debtor* A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in

Petition*, the County Gaol of the City of Litchfeild, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, for many Years past, have been bound up in Miseryj and, having parted with their All for their Queen and Country, humbly hope this honourable House will hearken to their sorrowful Sighiqgs: And praying such Relief as to the House shall feeno meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in Prison in the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement; where they suffer under unspeakable Calamities and Miseries j through which they arc daily perishing for Want, and not in a Capacity to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Defaulters to Ordered, That George Pitt, of Shroton, Esquire, in

House^Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Croydon, See. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County Road*. wf Suffix, Gentlemen, Constables, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Lewes, and Places adjoining, in the said County; as also the Farmers, Graders, Stage Coachmen, Drovers of Cattle, and others, in and near the same Place; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed of a Petition presented to the House by the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and others, living in or near tire several Parishes, in which the Road from the City of London, to the several Towns of Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston, in the County of Surry, do lie; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing and amending the same; the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to tins honourable go

House, That it will be a very great Hardship to them, as well to this Part as to the County in general, to be obliged to contribute towards the Amendment of the Roads mentioned in the said Petition; in regard that the Roads, for above Forty Miles leading towards London, are far worse, and incapable of being amended; great Part of the worst of which lies in the said County of Surry: And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and others, living in or near the several Parishes, in which the Road from the City of London to the several Towns of Croydon,

Sutton, and Kingston, in the County of Surry, do lie; and also of several Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, Carters, and others, who frequent and pass the said Roads; was referred; be received.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Maidenhead Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks, Road*, and the several Coachmen, Waggoners, and other subscribing Persons, using and travelling the Road between Maidenhead, and the Towns of Reading, in the said County, and Henty, in the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Maidenhead to Twiford and Henley are become lb very ruinous and deep, that, in the Winter season, they are almost impassable; and are dangerous to all Persons, Coaches, Horses, and Cattle, travelling through the same: That the several Parishioners have used their Endeavours, in the Summer-seasons, to repair and amend the said Roads; but, for want of sufficient Gravel, and other Conveniencies, lying near thereto, are not able, of themselves, to effect the fame, in rel'pect of the great Charge required to fetch such Gravel, and Conveniencies, and the Quantities necessary for that Purpose, without the Assistance of the House: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Cadogan, Mr. Neville,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Hill, Mr. Sloper, Sir Wm. Daines, Co-

lonel B/akeston, Mr. London, Sir Tho. Crosse, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Whit-

more, Sir Hum. Briggs, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lade, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Rushout. Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Roger Hill, Sir MounBlundell, Sir Ri-

chard Farington, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Med/ycot, Mr. Serjeant Mead, Mr. Herne, Mr. Liddall, Mr. Lawson, Colonel Bladen, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Halsey, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Wild, Sir Richard Horn, Mr.

Winstanky, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Mr. Inge,

Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Smith; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Southampton,

Oxon, Gloucester, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand J’uiy, York Small and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, at the General Debt*: Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Leeds, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Tenth Day of October last, was indented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said West Riding is a very populous Part of the Country; and dealeth much in the Cloth Trade, and in Coal, Lime, and other things; which occasions the Contracting of man'y small Debts; the Recovery whereof, at Common Law, is very chargeable and expen-five; and many Families have been thereby ruined, and the Trade much obstructed: That the Petitioners are humbly of Opinion, the said Grievance might be remedied, if an Act of Parliament was obtained for Recovering of small Debts within the said Riding, m a more summary Way than is provided for by the Laws now in being:

And

East Grinstead Roads.

4 Geo. I. 20° — 31 ° Decembris. 663,

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Cope, Lord IVm.

Powlett, Mr. Boteler, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Yonge, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Hitch, Mr. Nevill, Sir Gee. War-render, Mr. Lockhart , Mr. Cony, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Morice, Mr. Cart wight. Sir Tho. Mr. Halsey,

Mr. Trcby, Mr. Herne, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lade, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Butler, Mr. Inge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Powlett, Mr. England, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Hutcheson; and all the Members that serve for the County of York', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Nicholas Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and others, living in, or near, the several Parishes in which the Road from the City of London to the several Towns of Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston, in the County of Surrey, do lie; and allb of several Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, Carters, and others, who frequent and pass the said Roads; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; and which they had directed him to repoit to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report do lie upon the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the same be now read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as follows; viz.

That the Petitioners, in order to prove the Allegations in the said Petition, called,

Mr. James Plume, Mr John , Mr. Samuel Rush, Mr. Tho. row, Mr. Geo. Maggott, and Mr.

man; Who said, from their own Knowlege, That the Roads leading through the Parishes of Saint Lambeth, and Newington, are become very ruinous, and almott impafiable; to the great Danger and Hazard of the Lives of those that pals through the fame; and that frequently Coaches, and other Carriages, are overturned, by reason of the Badness of the said Roads:

They further acquainted the Committee, That it was out of the Pow er of the said Parishes to repair, and keep up, the said Roads, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; for that they had examined into the Rates for repairing the Highways, which had been justly applied; but fell short of what was necessary to repair the said Roads:

And the Parish of Lambeth, by an Account stated and proved, hath expended, over and above their Statute-work, since the Year 1712, the Sum of 1,425/. fjs. S besides a Fine against the Parish for 200l.; and, at this time, Nine Indictments against them.

And Mr. John Edwards proved the Statute-work done in the Parish of Saint George;and, in the last Four Years, 596/ 6s. l id. was raised, being the Six Pence in the Pound.

And Mr. Edward Oliver proved the Statute-work done in the Parish of'Newingtcn; and the last Year they raised 60/. which was much more than the Six Pence in the Pound.

Captain Hynd, Mr. Blamfon, and Mr. gave

the Committee an Account as to the Parishes of tham and Croydon, and particularly that of Stretham, That, instead of Six Days Work, they had done Nine and Ten; and it was the Custom of the said Parish to V01. 18.

raise Money by voluntary Subscriptions, in lieu of the Six Pence in the Pound, which far exceeded their Pound-rate; and the Reason why they did so was, because the Parish is small, the Poor many, and the Gravel at least Three Miles distant from the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of and

to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Nicholas Carew, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Mr. Lade, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, GoM and Sil-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Yw take into Consideration the State of the Nation, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions. That the Representations made by the Officers of the Mint to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means so ua-ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the Supply. Tenth Day of January next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21* die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Elizabeth Countess Dowager F(ari0f of Kildare, Thomas Lord Coni in behalf of his Ranelagh'* Two Infant Daughters by the Lady Frances his late Wife, Estate. and of the Lady Katharine Jones; which said Elizabeth Countess of Kildare, Lady Frances Coningsby, and Lady Katharine Jones, were the Daughters and Co-heiresses of Richard late Earl of Ranelagh, deceased; and also of John Barnes, Abraham Hurrifon, and Robert Petre, in behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Lord Ranelagh; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the said Richard late Earl of , in his Life-

time, did, for several Years, in the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and her late Majesty Queen Anne, execute the Office of Paymaster General of the Forces of this Kingdom; but died before his final Accounts of that Office were patted; and that, at the time of his Death, he the said Earl was considerably indebted to the said Petitioners, and several other Persons, his Creditors, in several Sums of Money: And praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's Houses at Chelsea and -born, and in the Parish of Saint Martin in the ,together with the Lands and Goods thereunto belonging for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Answer to Addrest.

Naval

Repairs*

Issues for Navy Services.

Ships in Sea-pay.

Half-pay

Officers.

Cold and Silver Coins.

664 2i® Decembris. A. 1717.

Lord Molesworth, Lord William Mr. Serjeant

Birch, and Mr. JeJJ'of, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That John Rolle Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody; paying his Fees.

Ordered, That William Northmore Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody; paying his Fees.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That the Representations made to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, relating to the Geld and Silver Coins of this Kingdom, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty bad been pleased to give Directions, That the said Representations be laid before this House.

Admiral Aylmer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Charge of the Rebuildings, and extraordinary Repairs, of the Navy for the Year 1717:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of what Money has been issued for the Service of the Navy out of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of the Years 1716 and 1717; and to what Uses the said Money has been applied; distinguished under the several Heads thereof.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That an Account be. laid before this House of all Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed in the Years 1716 and 17171 in what Stations; with the several Complements, or Number of Men borne, or muf-tered, in the said Ships.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be. graciously pleased to give Directions, That a List of the Names and Qualities of the Officers on the Irish Establishment of Half-pay for the Year 1714, and of such as were added thereto before the First of June 1715, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Lift of Officers who have had Coin-missions since the First of October 1714 in the Regiments then on Foot in Great Britain, which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct to be laid before this House, may be distinguished into such who have had Commissions on Vacancies by Death, or Displacing, and such who have had Commissions on Vacancies by the voluntary Resignation of others.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Papers concerning the Gold and Silver Coins:

And the Title thereof was read.

Which Papers are as follow; viz.

In Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of this Honourable House, I do humbly present the several Papers hereunder mentioned;

An attested Copy of a Report made by Sir Isaac Newton, Master of the Mint, dated the 21st November j 711; 'Concerning die Gold and Silver Coins.

A Report made by him, dated the 23d November 1717, with an Account annexed of the Gold and Silver Monies coined in his Majesty s Mint in the Tower of London from the lit Day of January 1701 to the 20th of November 1717.

21st December, W. Lowndes.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference of August 12th, that I should lay before your Lordships a State of the Gold and Stiver Coin9 of this Kingdom in Weight and Finenefe, and the Value of Gold in proportion to Silver, with my Observations and Opinion; and what Method may be best for preventing the Melting down of the Silver Coin; I humbly represent, That a Pound Weight Troy of Gold, Eleven Ounces fine, and One Ounce Allay, is cut into44L Guineas; and a Pound Weight of Silver, Eleven Ounces Two Peny Weight fine, and Eighteen Peny Weight Allay, is cut into 62 Shillings; and according to this Rate, a Pound Weight of fine Gold is worth Fifteen Pounds Weight Six Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and Five Grains of fine Silver, reckoning a Guinea at 1/. is. 6d. in Silver-money; but Silver in Bullion, exportable, is usually worth 2 or 3d. per Ounce more than in Coin; and if, at a Medium, such Bullion of Standard-allay, lie valued at 5*. 4id. per Ounce, a Pound Weight of fine Gold will be worth but 14 lb.wt. 11 oz. 12 diet. 9 gr. of fine Silver in Bullion;

and, at this Rate, a Guinea is worth but so much Silver as would make 20j. 8r/. When Ships are lading for the East Indies, the Demand of Silver for Exportation railes the Price to 5 s.6d. or 5 s.8 per Ounce, or above; but I consider not tliofc extraordinary Cafes.

A Spanish Pistole was coined for 32 Rials, or Four Pieces of Eight Rials, usually called Pieces'of Eight, and is of equal Allay, and the Sixteenth-part of the Weight thereof; and a Doppio Moeda of Portugal was coined for Ten Crufados. of Silver, and is of equal Allay, and the Sixteenth part of the Weight thereof: Gold is therefore in Spain and Portugal of Sixteen times more value than

Silver of equal Weight and Allay, according to the Standard of those Kingdoms; at which Rate, a Guinea is worth 22 s.id.: But this high Price keeps their Gold at home in good Plenty, and carries away the Spanish Silver into all Europe', so that at home they make their Payments in Gold, and will not pay in Silver without a Premium: Upon the Coining in of a Plate Fleet the Premium ceases, or is but finall; but as their Silver goes away, and becomes scarce, the Premium increases, and is most commonly about Six per Cent.', which being abated, a Guinea becomes worth about 10s. §d. in Spain and Portugal.

In France, a Pound Weight of fine Gold is reckoned worth Fifteen Pounds Weight of fine Silver: In raising or falling the ir'Money, their King’s Edicts have sometimes varied a little from this Proportion in Excefe, or Defect; but the Variations have been lb little, that I do not here consider them: By the Exlift of May 1709, a new Pistole was coined for Four new Lewifies, and is of equal Allay, and the Fifteenth-part of the Weight thereof, except the Errors of their Mints: and, by the same Edict, fine Gold is valued at Fifteen times its Weight of fine Silver; and, at this Rate, a Guinea is worth <los. 8 I consider not here the Confusion made in the Monies in France by frequent Edicts to fend them to the Mint, and give the King a Tax out of them; I consider only the Value of Gold and Silver in proportion to one another.

The Ducats of Holland and Hungary, and the Em-

?ire, were lately current in Holland among the common 'eople, in their Markets, and ordinary Affairs, at Five Guilders in Specie, and Five Stivers; and commonly changed for so much Silver-monies in Three Guilder-pieces and Guilder-pieces, as Guineas are with us lor 21 6d.

Sterling; at which Rate, a Guinea is worth 20 7 According to the Rates of Gold to Silver in Italy, many, Poland, Denmark, and Sweden, a Guinea is worth

about

4 Geo. I. 210 Decembris. 5

about 20 s.and yd. 6d. 5d. or 4; for the Proportion

varies a little within the several Governments in those Countries: In Sweden, Gold is lowest in proportion to Silver; and this hath made that Kingdom, which formerly was content with Copper Money, abound of late with Silver, sent thither, I suspect, for Naval Stores.

In the End of King William’s Reign, and the First Year of the late Queen, when foreign Coins abounded in England, I caused a great many of them to be allayed in the Mint; and found by the Allays, that fine Gold was to fine Silver in Spain, Portugal, France, Holland, Italy, Germany, and the Northern Kingdoms, in the Proportions above-mentioned; Errors of the Mints excepted.

In China and Japan, One Pound Weight of fine Gold is worth but Nine or Ten Pounds Weight of fine Silver; and in East India it may be worth Twelve; and this low Price of Gold in proportion to Silver carries away the Silver from all Europe.

So then, by the Course of Trade and Exchange between Nation and Nation in all Europe, fine Gold is to fine Silver as 14$, or 15, to One; and a Guinea at the same Rate, is worth between 20 s.5 and 2or. except

in extraordinary Cafes, as when a Plate Fleet is just arrived in Spain, or Ships are lading here for the East Indies; which Cafes I do not here consider: And it appears by Experience, as well as by Reason, that Silver flows from those Places where its Value is lowest in proportion to Gold, as from Spain to all Europe, and from all Europe to the East Indies, China, and Japan; and that Gold is most plentiful in those Places in which its Value is highest in proportion to Silver, as in Spain and England.

It is the Demand for Exportation which hath raised the Price of exportable Silver about 2d. or 3c?. in the Ounce above that of Silver in Coin; and hath thereby created a Temptation to export, or melt down, the Silver Coin, rather than give 2d. or 3 d.more for foreign Silver; and the Demand for Exportation ariles from the higher Price of Silver in other Places than in England in proportion to Gold; that is, from the higher Price of Gold in England than in other Places in proportion to Silver; and therefore may be diminiffied, by lowering the Value of Gold in proportion to Silver: If Gold in England, or Silver in East India, could be brought down so low as to bear the same Proportion to one another in both Places, there would be here no greater Demand for Silver, than for Gold to be exported to India; and if Gold were lowered only so as to have the same Proportion to the Silver-money in England which it hath to Silver in the rest of Europe, there would be no Temptation to export Silver rather than Gold to any other Part of Europe: And to compass this last, there seems nothing more requisite than to take off about 10 d.or 12 from the Guinea; so that Gold may bear the same Proportion to the Silver Money in England, which it ought to do by the Course of Trade and Exchange in Europe; but if only 6d. were taken off at present, it would diminish the Temptation to export, or melt down, the Silver Coin; and, by the Effects, would thew hereafter, better than can. appear at present, what further Reduction would be most convenient for the Publick.

In the last Year of King William, the Dollars of Scotland, worth about 4?. 6%d. were put away in the North of England for 5s. and at this Price began to flow in upon us: I gave notice thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and they ordered the Collectors of Taxes to forbear taking the m; and thereby put a Stop to the Mischief.

At the same time, the Lewidors of France, which were worth but Seventeen Shillings and Three Farthings apiece, passed in England at 17 s.6d.: I gave notice thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and his late Majesty put out a Proclamation, That they should go but at 17s.; and thereupon they came to the Mint; and 1,400,000l. were coined out of them: And if the Advantage of s,\d. in a Lewidor sufficed at that time to bring into England so great a Quantity of French Money,

and the Advantage of Three Farthings in a Lewidor to Vol. 18.

bring it to the Mint, the Advantage of gid. in a Guinea, Gold and or above, may have been sufficient to bring in the great Silv*r Coin*. Quantity of Gold which hath been coined in these last Fifteen Years, without any foreign Silver.

Some Years ago, the Portugal Moedors were received in the West of England at 285. apiece: Upon Notice from the Mint that they were worth only about 27 yd. the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury ordered their Receivers of Taxes to take them at no more than 27 6d.:

Afterwards, many Gentlemen in the West sent up to the Treasury a Petition, that the Receivers might take them again at 28s. and promised to get Returns for this Money at that Rate; alleging, that w’hen they went at 285. their Country was foil of Gold, which they wanted very much: But the Commissioners of the Treasury, considering, that at 28 s.the Nation would lose 5 apiece, rejected the Petition: And if an Advantage to the Merchant of 5 d. in 28^. did pour that Money in upon us, much more hath an Advantage to the Merchant of 9 in a Guinea, or above, been able to bring into the Mint great Quantities of Gold, without any foreign Silver; and may be able to do it {till, till the Cause be removed.

If Things be let alone till Silver Money be a little scarcer, the Gold will fall of itself; for People are already backward to give Silver for Gold, and will, in a little time, refuse to make Payments in Silver without a Premium, as they do in Spain; and this Premium w ill be an Abatement in the Value of the Gold; and so the Question is, Whether Gold shall be lowered by the Government, or let alone till it falls of itself, by the Want of Silver Money.

It may be said, that there are great Quantities of Silver in Plate; and if the Plate were coined, there would be no Want of Silver Money: But I reckon, that Silver is safer from Exportation in the Form of Plate than in the Form of Money, because of the greater Value of the Silver and Fashion together; and therefore I am not for coining the Plate, till the Temptation to export the Silver Money, which is a Profit of 2d. or 3 an Ounce, be diminiffied, for as often as Men are necessitated to fond away Money for answering Debts abroad, there will be a Temptation to fend away Silver rather than Gold, because of the Profit, which is almost Four per Cent.; and, for the same Reason, Foreigners will choose to fend hither their Gold rather than their Silver.

Mint Office, 1 All which is most humbly fub-21st September 17170 mitted to your Lordships great

Wisdom.

Isaac Newton.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference of the 19th Instant, That an Account be laid before your Lordships of all the Gold and Silver coined in the last Fifteen Years; and how much thereof hath been coined out of Plate upon publick Encouragements; and what Copper Money hath been newly coined; it is humbly represented, that since Christmas 170^ to the loth Instant, there hath been coined in Gold 7,127,835 Pounds in Tale, reckoning 44i Guineas to a Pound WeightTroy, and 2li. 6d. to a Guinea; and in Silver 223,380 Pounds Sterling, reckoning 31. 2 to a Pound Weight Troy; and that Part of this Silver, amounting to 143,086 Pounds Sterling, was coined out of English Plate, imported upon publick Encouragement in the Years 1709 and 1711; and another Part, amounting to 13,342/. was coined out of Vigo Plate in the Year 1703 and 1704; and another Part, amounting to 45,732/. w'as coined from Silver extracted from our own Lead-ore; and the rest, amounting to 21,220/. was coined chiefly out of old Plate melted down by Goldsmiths; and some of it out of Pieces of Eight.

The Graver of the Mint hath been hard at Work, ever since the last Session of Parliament, in making the EnibolT-ments and Puncheons for the Halfpence and Farthings,

8 G and

666 2i ° — 2 $° Decenibris.

A \ 1717.

Gold and and taking off few Dyes frdm them': The Making of Silver Coins, an Emboninent, and a Puncheon, for Halfpence, takes of the Time of about Six Weeks; and there have been Two Emboffments, and Two Puncheons, made for the Halfpence, and One for the Farthings; and now these are finished, and feme Dyes are blade from the Puncheons, it will take up a little time to examine the Copper, and settle the best Method of preparing, fizing, nealing, and

cleaning it, add making it fit for the Mint; this being a Manufacture different from that 6f coarse Copper, and more difficult, and not yet prafti fed in England; and as soon as this Method is fixed, we shall begin to coin in Quantity.

All which is most humbly submitted to . your Lordships great Wisdom.

Mint Office, November 23, 1717. Newton.

Gold and SQver Monies coined in his Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of , from the ift of January 170$

to the 20th November 1717.

Gold Monies. Silver Monies. Silver Monies from Plate.

1702 m 1. wt. 3,642 oz. d 1. wt. oz. IT4 6 d. wt. Wt.- oz. d. Wt.

703 m - - - 34 2 — 718 — —

1704 - - - «, m 4,007 — —

*705 m - - - 104 — — 429 7 15

1706 - - - - 537 — — 932 — —

1707 - - - 607 — — i,i74 — —

1708 - - - m 1,010 — — 3,75i — —

1709 - - - - 2,468 — — 2,223 7 *5 23,199 4 4

1710 - - - - 3>7i6 — — 817 — —

1711 - - - - 9,324 — — 1,810 5 2 22,957 6 18

1712 - - - - 2,855 — — 1,784 8 — -

1713 - - - 13,137 — — 2,333 — —

1714 - - - - 29,526 — — 1,566 — - —

1715 - - - 39,090 — — 1,643. — —

1716 - - - 23,765 — — 1,650 — —

1717 - m - - 15,186 — — 948 — ' —

145,001 2 — 25,901 10 12 46,156 11 2

Memorandum: — That 3,6021, wt. 5 oz. 7 d. wt. Part of the 4,007/. wt. of Silver coined in the Year 1704, was Silver melted from wrought Plate brought in by the Commissioners for Prizes after the Expedition from Vigo.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, who are - to take into Chnsideration the State of the Nation, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Engrofifers A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the and Fore- Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, dallers. and the adjacent Counties, in behalf of themselves, and

many Thousand poor Families, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners labour under very great Hardships, by the evil Practice of the continual Engroffers and Forestallers of Flesh of all Kinds, both alive and dead, designed for the Service of the said Cities and Suburbs; by which means, all manner of Provisions of that Nature are enhanced in their Prices; to the Ruin of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, whose Families are so numerous, that they cannot fuport them: That, by these Practices, the fair Traders is ruined, and the Grafier and Breeder is also prejudiced: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

£all of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday House. the Thirteenth of January next.

Ordered, That sech Members as shall ftOt then attend be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Gold and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Silver Coins. Committee of the whole House, to take into Confederation the State of the Nation, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer repotted from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he wiU begra-ciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation to forbid all Persons to utter, or receive, any of the Pieces of Gold called Guineas, at any greater or higher Rate than One-

arid-twenty Shillings for each Guinea; and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Pieces of coined Gold.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation, to forbid all Persons to utter, or receive, any of the Pieces of Gold called Guineas, at any greater or higher Rate than One-and-twenty Shillings for each Guinea; and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Pieces of coined Gold.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of Januarynekt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to take off the Obligation, and Encouragement, for coining Guineas, for a certain Time: And that Mr. Smith, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord William Pmolett, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lowther, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 3° dieDecembris;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, i 717.

Prayers.

THE Lord Molefworih presented to the House, ac- Earl

cording to Order, a Bill for the Sale of the late Ranelagh'* Earl of Ranelagh's, Estate at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks And the same Was

received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

4 Geo. I. 230 Decembtis — 130

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Debtor* A Petition of the poor Debtors in his Majesty s Prison Petition*. of Southgate, in the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have offered to deliver up their All to their Creditors, provided they might thereby gain their Enlargement from their miserable Confinement; which has reduced them to the utmost Streights and Necessities; and, if any longer confined, must inevitably perish: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Belief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in Ouze-bridge Gaol, in the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Prisonera are not only spoiled in Trade, their Families reduced to open Calamity, but themselves in a pwishing Condition, by a long and expensive Imprisonment: That they being Subjects to so good and gracious a Sovereign, who has made glad the Hearts of his Enemies by his late Act of Pardon; and also established a National Tranquillity: An<l praying to lie relieved from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the fetid Petition do lie upon the Table.

Leave of Ordered, That Thomas JVentworth Esquire have Leave Absence. to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary , Occasions.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their AddrefTe*. Addresses at Saturday last have been presented to his Majesty: and as to those which relate to the Navy, and the Half-pay Officers, his Majesty has been pleased to give Directions, That the Accounts therein mentioned shall be laid before this House; and as to the Address relating to Gold Coins, That his Majesty has been pleased to order a Proclamation to be issued, to forbid all Persons to utter, or receive, any of the Pieces of Gold called Guineas, at any greater or higher Price than One-and-twenty Shillings for each Guinea; and so proportionhble for any greater or lesser Pieces of coined Gold.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a wins. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Sjieaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunied the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same!

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday the Thirteenth Day of January next.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mohday the Thirteenth Day of January next, refblve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

utmost Severity against Rich Members, whose Excuses shall not be allowed of, as shall not then attend the Service of the House.

Which Letter is as follows; tit.

Sir, December 23d, 1717.

THE House of Commons having ordered a Call of their Members on Monday the 13th Day of January next, and resolved to proceed with all Severity against such of them as shall not then attend the Service of the House, and whose Excutes shall not be allowed ofj I am commanded to require you immediately to summon the Representatives of your County, and of the Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the said Thirteenth Day of January next: And you are to give an Account ctf this, and what you have done thereupon, to,

Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Sp.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing tire further preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other R*forw», Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of &c* Felons: And that Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Mayor of lumdon, Sir John Ward, Sir Thomas Scawen, Mr.

Heysham, and Mr. Godfrey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for inquiring into Forfeited the fors ited Estates, do lay before this House a Particular Estate*. of all the Claims which have been hitherto entered before them.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Incledon, Deputy Royal Affeu Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to a Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to a Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. Privileges.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjournment. That this House do adjourn until Monday the Thirteenth Day of January next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

>rp 11 e v f Mr. Chetwyn

Tellers for the Yeas,’B

Teller, for the Noes, J fj

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

9°.

45-

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords havfe agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1718, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Call of the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters mTs’ aker Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of

to write Cir- Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members cular Letters of this House upon Monday the Thirteenth Day of to Sheriffs. January next; and that this House will proceed with the Vol. 18.

And then the House adjourned accordingly till Monday the Thirteenth Day of January next

Luna, 13 die 'Januarii;

Anno 4" Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

THE Serjeant at Arms attending the House, being Defaulter to called upon, gave an Account, That he haring sent Call of the One of his Messengers to take into Custody, according to Hou1*-the Order of the House, Ihe honourable Charles Ctcill

Esquire, his Messenger had acquainted him, That Mr.

Cecill has been indisposed, and w as not in a (Condition to undertake a Journey to Jjondon And,

Mr.

668 i 3* — 16° Januarii. A. 1717.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had instant, his Majesty desires, That this House will adjourn received a Letter from Mr. Cecill, with a Certificate itself until the Sixteenth of January instant.

from the Minister of the Parish, and from the Apothecary

that attended him in his Illness, to the same Effect. And the House accordingly adjourned unto Thursday

Ordered, That the said Mr. Cecill be discharged out the Sixteenth of January instant.

of Custody, paying his Fees.

Forfeited Mr. Treby presented to the House the Report of such

EAates. of the Commissioners of Inquiry as have been appointed to execute the several Trusts and Powers in relation to England, and any other Parts whatsoever, except Scotland, contained in a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Suppfr* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

Gold and A Motion being made, That this House will not alter

Silver Coins. Standard of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom in Fineness, Weight, or Denomination;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " that," these Words, " it is the Opinion of," in order to alter the Question, That the Standard be not altered:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put according to the Motion made;

Resolved, That this House will not alter the Standard of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom in Fineness, Weight, or Denomination.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation, in relation to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

House. until Thursday Morning next

Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Comrpittee of the

and Means, whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Cockermouth Ordered, That the Hearing the Matters of the Petitions

Election. of the Lord Percy Seymour, and Sir Wilfred Lawson Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland. which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Sixteenth Instant, be heard upon the Eighteenth Instant.

Adjowuaxst. Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That it being his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the Parliament should be adjourned until Thursday the Sixteenth Day of January 25

Jovis, 16* die Ja;

Anno 4# Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pray ehs.

ABIL L for Sale of the late Earl of s Eari of

Estate at Chelsea and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and' Berks, was read a Second time. u'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed te Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Coventry, Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Hungerf Hoskins, Sir

Wm. Gordon, Mr. Bristoze, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Smith, Mr, Travers, Sir John Norris, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy,

Colonel Morton, Mr. Yonge, Colonel Mr.

Butler, Mr. Lazrndes, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Farrer, Lord Chet-wynd, Mr. Herne, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Monson, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Hobart,

Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Thompson, Lord

Mr. Wilmer, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Ha Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Diston, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Heathcote;

and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and

Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, Burgesses, Gentry, Northamp-and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of ton Water*

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That worlc*' the said Town of Northampton is an ancient Corporation; and was, feme Years since, almost totally consumed by

Fire; to the utter Ruin of the Inhabitants; and fevered Fires have, of late Years, happened in the said Town; which, after very great Losses, have been with much Difficulty extinguished, by reason of the Want of Water; so that, if any Fire breaks out again in the said Town, it would, in all human Probability, be again consumed to Allies: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the said Town with Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmer, Sir Tho. Samuel,

Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Mr. Younge, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Whitmore, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Monson, Sir Bryan Broughton, Mr. Nevill, Sir Wm. Johnston, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Wilson, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. White, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Levinz, Colonel Morton,

Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir Mr. Herne, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Wild, Mr.

Inge, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Halsey,

Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bere, Mr.

Leigh, Mr. Bracebridge; and all that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

Admiral Aylmer presented to the House, pursuant to ship* their Address to his Majesty, an Account of his Majesty’s employ* Ships employed in the Year 1716; in what Stations; with their Numbers of Men: And also,

An Account of his Majesty’s Ships employed in the Year 1717; in what Stations; with their Numbers of Men:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

frivilege.

Coinage of Guineas.

Ways and Means.

Regulating the Land Forces.

forfeited

BfiaUs.

4 Geo. I. i6° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of

this Session.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Trunch, a menial Servant of the honourable Horatio Townshend Esquire, a Member of this House, has been arrested at the Suit of Robert Dennett Esquire, by William Halkens, John Deal, and Solomon Ellies; in which Action Champion Branjillis the Attorney; iu Breach of the Pri-

vilege of the House;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1718, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June 17*8, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1719.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by former Acts of Parliament, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1718, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June 1718, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1719.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that. Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lord

William Rowlett, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Charles Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And that Mr. Gyles Erie, Mr.

Mr. Craggs, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ward, and Mr.

Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Richard Steele presented to the House, an additional Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Vo h. 1.8.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That feme of the Commissioners of Excise attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Hops from the First of June 1711, at which time it commenced, to the Twenty-fourth of June 1717; with an Estimate of the grolis and net Produce from the said Twenty-fourth of June 1717, to 1717,

applicable to the sinking the Principal, or Payment of the Interest, of the National Debts.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raile Money out of them severally, for the use of the Publick; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

s

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in the Prison of Ludgate was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Lofiesin Trade, and other Misfortunes, are confined; and have lain many Years iti a starving Condition; and are unable to pay their Debts: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief, and all other insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Mr. Craggs presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Names and Qualities of the several Officers, who have had Commissions, since the First of October 1714, in any of the Regiments of Foot, Horse, or Dragoons, then in being; distinguishing such of the said Officers as, at the times of such Commissions, were on the British, or on the , or on any other, Establishment of Half-pay respectively; and such of the said Officers, as were on no Establishment of Half-pay; as likewise distinguishing such of the said Officers, who had Commissions on Vacancies by Death, or Displacing; and such who had Commissions on Vacancies, by the voluntary Resignation of others: And also.

An Account of the Names and Qualities of such Officers as are in the Lift of Half-pay Officers, delivered to the Parliament, for the Year 1718; and which were not on the Establishment of Half-pay in the Year 1714; distinguiQiing such of the said Officers as have been reduced out of any Regiments, and such as have been added by Warrants from his Majesty: As also, an Account of the yearly Amount of the Half-pay of the Officers added by the said Warrants, since the Establishment of 1714: And also,

A Copy of a letter from the Duke of Bolton, relating tq the Lift of Half-pay Officers:

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Copy were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Copy of the said letter, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts, and Copy of the said Letter, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tQ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation, in regard to the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom;

8 H Resolved,

Doty on Hops.

Forfeited

Estates.

Debtors Petition.

Half-pay

Officers.

Gold and Silver Coins*

Call of the House.

Preserving

branded

Ships.

Bristol

Poor.

16° — 170 Januarii. A. 1717.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Master and Wardens of the Gold-smiths Company do lay before this House an Account of what Quantity of Silver of the new Standard has been stampod at Goldsmiths-hall in the last Three Years.

Ordered, That the Master and Wardens of the Gold-smiths Company do lay before this House an Account of what Quantity of Silver of the old Standard was stamped at Goldsmiths-hall the last Three Years the said old Standard was in Use.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do lay before this House an Account of the Charge of the Coinage of Gold and Silver, respectively, for the last Seven Years.

Ordered, That the Touch-warden of the Goldsmiths Company, and the Assay-master at Goldsmitks-hall, do attend this House on Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do attend this 11 ouse on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, 'fhat the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of what Bullion, or foreign Coin, has been entered for Exportation, from Lady-day 1710 to this time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of what Bullion, or foreign Coin, has been shipped off from Lady-day 1710 to this time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the House;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 170 die Januarii j

dal of the Inhabitants: That the Petitioners find the said Corporation under great Difficulties, by several Persons refuiing to take upon them the Office of Guardian of the Poor, when legally elected: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the further explaining and amending several Acts. relating to the Officers and Guardians of the Poor of the said City, not only to take care of, and provide for, all such Poor as immediately belong to them, but atfo to relieve such casual Poor as may come, or be hereafter lent, to" the said City, pursuant to the Laws of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Erie, and Sir William Da do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

A Petition of Fcrdinando Shimpton, Christopher Tug by,

John Chrichton, Robert Ch rich toJofeph Joshua

Morris, Charles Paynter, and William on

behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone-lace, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Manufacture of English Bone-lace hath, by the Industry of the Petitioners, and others, been greatly improved of late Years; whereby many Thousands of poor Persons. and those of very tender Years, are enabled to get their Livings: That several Persons.have, of late, taken upon themselves to prosecutd and inform against the Petitioners, on Pretence that they ought to have Licences, according to an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, fife.; and, by means thereof, have been put to great Expence, and hindered from carrying on their Trades; although they apprehend they ought not to be deemed Hawkers and Pedlars, within the Intent of the said Act; and the same appears to have been l’o resolved by a Committee of this House, to whom the Petition of Edzrard llootton was, on or about the 13th Day of March 1698, referred: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

PltAYERS.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and make perpetual, an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Pre* serving of all Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions: And that Sir Arthur Kay, and Mr. Wrightson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty "KuigWilliam the Third, intituled, An Act for Erecting of Holpituls and Work-houses in the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; by which said Act, the Mayor and Aldermen of Bristol for the Time being, and their Successors for ever, have Power to raise and levy, annually, such further Sum or Sums of Money, in the said recited Act ordered, as shall not, together with the Sum of 2,376/. 16s. $d. exceed the Sum of 3,300l. in any one Year, for the better Employing and maintaining the Poor of the said City; relieving the casual Poor; and Payment of the Debts of the Corporation Poor: But the Corporation of the Poor, who have annually received all the said 3,300l. raiftd by the said Act, refuft d to take care of, or provide for, any casual Poor; or to pass them forward; or relieve them during the time they are necessitated to remain here; they being forced to beg in the Streets; to the great Scan-

20

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks-, and also of several Justices of Peace, and Freeholders, in the County of Southampton;and also of the several Coach-

men, Waggoners, and others, using and travelling the Roads between Reading and and Reading and

Hechfeild, in the said Counties; was Ipresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from Reading to Shinfeild, and Reading to Hcdfeild, are become so very ruinous and deep, that, in the Winter-season, they are almost impassable; and are very dangerous to all Persons travelling through the same: That the Parishioners, for Want of sufficient Gravel, Stones, and other Conveniences lying near thereto, are not able, of themselves, to amend the fame: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Sloper, Colonel Cadogan, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Daines, Sir John Cope, Sir Mount. Blundell, Mr. Distort, Colonel Morgan, Lord William, Powlett, Sir Tho.RMr. Coventry, Mr.

Bristmr, Mr. J Guidott, Mr. London, Mr Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Roberts, Sir Nich.Carew, Mr. Dodd, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Hrtld, General Erie, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Herne, Sir John Norris, Mr. Denton, Mr. Onslore, Sir Tho. Hartmer, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir Farington, Sir Tho. Crosse, General Wade, Mr. Baring ton, Mr. North, Mr. Morice, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Lade; and all the Members that serve for ti e Counties of Berks, Southampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Dealers io Bone-luce.

Reading, &c. Roads.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

Vacation of

Seat by

accepting

Office.

Regulating the Land Forces.

Preventing

Robberies,

&c.

Coinage of Guineas.

Drawback on

Cyder exported.

4 Geo. I. 170- — 18° Januarii. 67

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That the Lord,

Lord Chancellor of Ireland, desired to know the Sense of the House, whether he is incapacitated to fit, in respect of his being continued in a Commission for Ireland; which Commission has been renewed since his Election, but is an Office of no Profit;

1 Whereupon the Act 6* Anna , Cap. 7.

26. was read;

And the Sense of the House appearing to be. That he was not within the Meaning of that Act; his Lordship came into the House.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters} That they do prepare, and bring into the said Bill, a Clause, or Clauses, to punish Mutiny and Desertion.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned, was, according 10 Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, on Monday Morning, rei'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Forfeited take into Consideration the Reports from the Commis- Estates. sioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raise Mouey out of them severally for the Use of the Publick;

The House proceeded to take the said Reports into Consideration accordingly:

And the said Reports were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Reports be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tQ his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Reports be printed.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Cockennonth House Tomorrow Morning with thfe Double Return for *turB‘ the Borough of Cochermouth, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Br'fcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend tins House Tomorrow Morning.

o

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A'abbatiy 18° diey;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717,

Prate as.

SI R Richard Sand ford presented to the House, accord- GoW

ing to Order, an Account of the Charge of the SlIver t'01lis* Coinage of Gold and Silver respectively, for the last Seven Years:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Coinage of Gold and Silver, respectively, for the last Seven Years,

from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1717.

Gold Monies coined. Silver Monies coined.

r Y f A R 8. , Weight Troy. \ Charge of Coinage. Weight Troy. 1 Charge of Coinage.

1. nit. oz. £. s. d. 1. wt. oz. £ 8. d.

1711 - - - 9»*324 — 3,030 6 — 24,768 — 1,806

1712 - - - 2,855 — 927- >7 6 1,784 8 130 2 7I

1713 - - - >3,137 — 4,259 10 6 2,333 — 170 2 3

1714 - - - 29,526 — 9,595 >9 — 1,566 — 114 3 9 -

1715 - - - 39»°3° — 12,704 5 — 1,643 — 119 16 —

1716 - - - 23,765 — 7,723 12 6 1,650 — 120 6 3

1717 - - - 15,186 — 4,935 9 — 948 — 69 2 6

Total - - 132,883 — 43,>86 19 6 34,692 8 2,529 13 51

Rich. Sand ford \If. Newton, M. Bladen.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Con-frleration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the City of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, from this and divers other Ports, great Quantities of Cyder are yearly exported, and the Produce thereof returned in such Merchandizes as pay considerable Duty; and greatly encourage the Navigation of this Kingdom: That there is a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Hogshead, by former Laws to be paid by the Retailer; and, for feme Years past, a further Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead on all made for Sale within Vol. 18.

Great Britain, to be paid by the First Buyer, or Retailer

thereof: That the Petitioners apprehended, by the said Laws, it was not intended the Exporters should be chargeable with any Duty; but, of late, several Prosecutions have been brought against divers Persons, in the Name of the Attorney General, for the said Duties; although the Cyder was actually exported; which if it had been entered, and the said Duties paid, the Persons exporting ought to have a Debenture, or Drawback, for the whole Duty; but are refused any Debenture for the Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead; the not Allowing of which is* great Discouragement to Trade in general: And praying to be relieved, by taking off the Discouragements to Exportation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder,

Army Debts.

Maidenhead

Hoads.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

i 8° Januarii. 1717;

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, shall be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Report from the Commissioners appointed lo take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army:

And the Title of the said Rej>ort was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cadogan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of Peace, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks; and of the several Coachmen, Waggoners, and other subscribing Persons, tiling and travelling the Roads between Maidenhead, and the Towns of Reading and , in the County of Oxon; was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 20th of December last, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and find, upon the Examination of several Witnesses, That the said Roads are very bad, and, in many Places, are impassable in the Winter feafbn; and that, by the Badneis and Narrownels thereof, great Mischiefs have happened:

That the Parishes, in which the said Roads lie, have been indicted, on account of the Badness of the said Roads; but the Justices, upon Examination of the Mutter, finding the Inhabitants had done their Duty, thought fit to discharge the said Indictments: And it appeared also to the Committee, that the said Parishes have constantly done their Statute-work; and feme Inhabitants much more than they were obliged to do; notwithstanding which, by reason of the many heavy Carriages that pass and repals through the said Roads, many Parts of which lying very low, and Materials lying at a great Distance from feme of the said Parishes, the said Roads are so bad and ruinous during the Winter-season especially, that they cannot, by the Laws now in Force, be effectually amended by the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-pairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to lane End, in the Road to Reading, in the County of Berks; and from the said Bridge to Henley upon , in the County of Oxon: Ann that Mr. Cadogan and Mr. Neville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1.718, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in Cyder, in the City of Bristol, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise, or feme of them, do attend the said Committee upon WedneJ'day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Fer-dinando Shimpton, Christopher lngby John

Robert Critchton, Joseph \Vcst, Morris, Charles

Paynter, and William Hackxvell,011 behalf of themselves,

and great N umbers of other Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bonc-lace, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an 111st ruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause fertile Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for renewing Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets or Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

A Petition of the Maltsters or Maltmakers, in the Duty« Town or Borough of Andover, in the County of South- Malt ampton, was presented to the House, and read; praying,

That the Maltsters in the Country, that make Malt for Sale, may pay an equal Duty with those Maltsters that live in Towns where Officers are placed to l'urvey them every Day.

Ordered, That the Consideration. of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is committed.

The House being moved, That Sir Wilfrid Laxcfon Cockermouth Baronet, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complain- Hledioo, ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland; he defiling not to contest the Matter of the Return, or the Merits of the Election; admitting that he was a Minor, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, at the Time of the Election; and that he cannot maintain a Majority of Votes;

And the Clerk of the Crown attending with the Indentures of Return annexed to the Precept and Writ;

The Indentures of Return, and the Indorsement upon the Precept were read; and are as follows; viz.

Hoec Indenture fact’ apud burgum de Cockermouth, in eomitat' Cumbriae, octavo die Julii, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii, Dei gra’, Magna? Britannia?, Franc’, et Hibernia?, Regis, Fidei Defenlbr’, &c. tertio, annoque Domini millefimo feptingentefimo decimo septimo, inter Henricum Blencow ar’, vie’ com’ Cumbria? praed’, ex una, parte, et Thoma’ France ballivum burgii de Cockermouth praed’, Thoma’ Jefferson cl. Ricardu’ Baynes gen’,

Ferdinando Lntus ar’, Johannem Gill, Philippu’ Stanley,

Ricardu’ Crofthwaite, Johannem Clocker, lticardu’ Waller, Benjamin’ Bowes, Johannem Wood fen’, Johannem Wood jun’, Ricardum Borranlkell, Samuel’ Hollaway fen’, Ricardu’ Jackson, Henricu’ Orr, Johannem Inman,

Daniel’ Fryer, Jonathan’ Watson, John Bowes, Jacobu’

France fen, Johannem Winder, Ricardu’ Johnson, Jonathan’ Hodgson, Willielmum Sowerby, Thomam Stanger,

Thomam Holloway, Josephu’ Simpson, Willielmum Meales, Timotheu’ Taylor, Samuel’ Hodgson, Henricu’ Ramsey, Petru’ Winder, Willielmum Holknvay,

Johannem Iredale, Thoma’ Laburne, Thoma’ Plalkett,

Johannem Ribton, Johannem Blakelin, Johannem Tiffin, Samuel’ Buttermer, Johannem Cuppadge, Willielmum Rothery, Jacobu’ Fearon, Johannem Dobinfen,

Johannem Leathes, gen’, et divers al’ burgens’ burgii praed’, ex altera parte: Testat’ quod virtute precept’ a predicto vie’ com’ eid’ ballivo direct’ pro election’ un’ burgens’ pro burgo de Cockermouth praed’, loco Nicolai Lechmeie ar’, qui quoddam officiu’ lucri a dicto Domino Rege acceperit, pro preefenti parliament’ dicti Domini Regis inchoat’ apud civitat’ Westm’, decimo septimo die Martii, anno re^ni dicti Domini Regis primo; quod qui-dem parliament abinde per separal’ adjournament’ et pro-rogationes, usque ad et in vicesimum diem Februarii ult’ preterit’ adjournat’, prorogat’, et continuat’ suit, et ibidem modo tent’ eft, pned’ Thomas France, ballivus ct burgens’ burgii praed’, in plena curia burgii praed’, apud Guildhall tent’ ibidem predicto octavo die Julii, anno tertio fuprad’, libere et indifferenter, juxta forma’ statuti indeedif et provis’, elegerunt Wilfrid Lawfen bar’, effenr burgens’ burgii praed’, ad parliament’ in eodem precept’ speciticaf, qui plenam ct fuffieien’ poteftat’ pro fe et co’i-tut’ burgii praed’ hahet ad faciend’ et consentiend’ hiis, quae in dicto parliament’ praed dc communi consilio dist’regni Magna; Britannia? contigerint ordinari super negotiis in

Bullion

exported

4 Geo. L

i8° — 26° Januariu

*73

brcwi Domini Regis vie’ comit’ prasd’ direct’ et specifi-cu>/: In cujus rei testimoniu’ tam praed’ vie’ com’ pned’ qi /am praed’ ballivus et burgens’ burgii praed’, biis inden-ti ivis figiilri fua alternatim appoluer’ die et anno primo fijpradift’.

8'° Jul'ri, 3* Georgii\An Indenture, made at the Bo-Regis, 1717. S rough of , in the County of Cumberland, between Henri/ Blencow Esquire,

Sheriff of the County aforesaid, of the one Part; and Thomas France Gentleman, Bailiff of the Borough aforesaid, Peter Gregory Clerk, John and others therein

named, Burgesses of the Borough aforesaid, of the other Part; witnessing, That, by Virtue of a Precept from the said Sheriff to the Bailiff directed, for the Election of a Burgess in the stead of Nicholas Lechmere Esquire, who was lately defied for the same Borough, for the present Parliament; begun at Westminster, 17® ,

primo G cor git, That the said Nicholas Lechmere have accepted of a Place of Profit; by means whereof the Borough became destitute of One of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament: And therefore the said Bailiff arid Burgesses, in his stead, in full Court, have elected Percy Seymour Esquire, commonly called the Lord Seymour, One of the Burgesses of the said Borough, to serve in Parliament instead of the said Mr. Lechmere.

Indorsement upon the Precept of the Sheriff of Cumberland, for electing a Member for the Borough of Cockermouth, as follows;

Executio iltius praeccpti patet in quadam schedula huic pr*cepto annex’; cumque per idem prmceptu’ mihi prte-tipitur ad eligend’ un’ burgens' burgi infraicript’, idoneu’ ct diferetum; attamen ex quo post captionem vocum five l'uffragior’ omniu’ et singulorum electorum comparcntiu’ in plena Ouria ejusdem burgi, tent’ apud le Guildhall pro Modern burgo die et anilo In indenturis annex’ specificat’, ad eligend’ un’ burgens’ pro burgo praedift’, oftogint’ et quxtuor elector’ praed' pro Percy Seymour communit’ cat’ Lord Percy Seymour, ac nonagint’ elector’ praed’ pro Wilfi’ido Luwfon bar’ liiffragia deder’; cumque adtunc et ibidem allegat’, ac per testes side dignos probat’ suit, quod pfted’ Wilfridus Lawson adtunc infans infra aetat’ viginti utiius annorurn cxiltebat, et adhuc existit; ideo in un’ indentura annex' nomen praefat’ Percy Seymour, ac in altera indehtura annex’ nomen praefat’ Wilfridi Lawson, inferi feci.

Thomas France, Bailiff.

Ordered, That Sir Wilfrid Laivfon Baronet be at Liberty to withdraw hfo said Petition.

Ordered, That the Lord Percy Ser/mour be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do amend the Return for the said Borough, by taking off the Indenture by which the said Sir Wilfrid Lawson is returned.

And the Clerk of the Crown took oft' the said Indenture accordingly.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do eral'e the Indorsement upon the Precept, and make the usual Indorsement thereupon.

And he altered the same accordingly.

The House being moved, That the Clause in the Act* of the Seventh and Eighth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other* Officers, in the electing and returning such Members; which declares, That any Minor, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, is incapable of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament might be read:

The same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take the said Clause into Consideration.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefeuted to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, That the Vo l. 18,

Accounts given to them of Bullion1 exported to foreign Parts, from Christmas 1698 to Christmas 1715; distin-guilhingto what Parts the said Bullion Iras been exported respectively; with their Observations thereupon'; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 20® dieJanuarii j

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors In Dur- Debtor* ham Gaol, in the County Palatine of Durham, in Petition!, t behalf of themselves, and ma'ny Thousands more in the respective Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Losses arid MiffortuneS, the Petitioners are reduced, and brought into Confinement; where they fuss’er, and are daily perishing for Want; and not in a Capacity to pay their Creditors:

That this honourable House, in their Two last Sessions, was pleased to demonstrate a compassionate Intention towards the Relief of the distressed Petitioners, by ordering a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose; which, though twice read, proved abortive, by reason, as it is presumed, of the more weighty Affairs of the Publick: That his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, from the Throne, to manifest and declare. That it was the natural Bent of his Royal Inclinations to be merciful even to his rebel* lious Subjects, had they not rebelled, and endeavoured to fthr up foreign Powers to disturb the Peace of this Kingdom: And praying such Relief as to the House, in their great \Vifdom, shall feeiu meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Majesty’s Gaol in the City of Lincoln was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been a great while under Confinement, by reason of being uuca-pableof paying their Debts, through great Loffe9 in Trade, and otherwise; and they being willing and desirous to give whatever Effects they have in the World lor their Liberty: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

Sir Arthur Kay presented to the House, according to Preferring Order, a Bill to continue an Act, of the Twelfth Year of stranded her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Preserving of all S^P* such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Ihore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Mr. Gyles Krle presented to the floufe, according to Regulating Order, a Bill for regulating the Forces to be continued in tj*e Lan<* his Majesty’s Service j and for Payment of the said Forces, orc*‘ and of their Quarters; and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being informed, That the honourable Privileg*. ratio Tmcnfend hath received Satisfaction, in respect of the Breach of Privilege committed against him;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

8 I

A Petition

eoniinued from above.

674

20° Januarii.

A. 1717.

BuM/s A Petition of George Dodington Esquire was presented Name. to tly? House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, having no IUhe Male, is dofirous and willing that George liubb Esquire, who is the only Son of the Petitioner’s >elded Sifter, may take the Petitioner’s Surname, and for the future be lb called only: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Turner, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

.Answer to Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addrefc. Address of Saturday \o£t, relating to the Account of the

Exportation of Bullion, had bfcen presented to his Majesty; and that his. Majesty hath been pleased to give Directions, That the said Account be laid before the House.

Mr. Clietwynd, from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the Inspector General’s Account, shewing the total Value of foreign Coin and Bullion exported from this Kingdom, and to what foreign Countries, in Seventeen distinct Years, beginning from Christmas 1698 to Christmas 1715;

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Bullion expur led.

Ak ACCOUNT shewing the Total Value of FOREIGN COIN and BULLION exported from this Kingdom, and to what foreign Countries,

in Seventeen distinct Years, from Christmas 1698 to Christmas 1715; viz.

The several Countries. From Christmas 1698 to Christmas 1699. To 9 1700. To 1701. To 1702. To 1703 To 1704. To 1705. To 1706. To 1707.

£ s. d. £ s. d. I * d. £ . d. £ S </. £ s. d. £* £ 1. d. £. 9.

Africa - - - 969 0 *0 500 0 0 455 0 O 26 15

Denmark and Norway 472 10 0 - - 676 16 8 146 5 0 25 0 0

East Country - 486 0 0 - - 75 0 0

East India - 840,207 12 6 805.577 7 6 725,609 5 0 410,762 0 0 451,277 0 0 303,011 14 2 174*593 5 0 231,500 5 0 313,283 0

Flanders - - - 1,012 10 0

France - 702 12 0 - - 295 0

14 0 0 900 0 0

Holland 3,201 5 0 3,331 15 0 6,617 11 8 20,410 15 0 12,290 11 3 5L534 *5 O 13,960 0 0 25,664 17 6 9,287 5

Ireland - 925 0 0 10,525 2 3 9,273 9 6 3,910 0 0 832 3 0 I/O O O ... 85 0 0 34 0

Maderas - - 612 10 0

Portugal - - - 240 12 6 - - - - 700 0 0

Russia ... 948 0 0 5,267 10 0 435 0 0 990 5 0 6,900 IO 0 10,360 O O 4,158 0 0 3,694 0 0 4*577 10

Spain - 1,272 0 0 332 10 0 170 0 0

Streights - - - 1,152 15 0 220 10 0

Sweden - 421 0 0 1,375 0 0 16413 4

Turkey * 43 15 0 216 5 0 852 5 0 64 10 0 775 0 0 - - - 165 5 0

Hie of Guernsey - 24 5 8 - - 75 0 0 0

i ( Antigua ,50 0 0 525 0 0 340 0 0 850 0 0

3 1 Barbadoes - 439 5 0 1,712 10 0 2,625 0 0

|} Carolina 250 0 0

£1 Jamaica - - 1.085 0 0 2,659 10 0 255 0 0 -

it Nevis - - v - . 550 0 0 725 0 0 225 0 0 200 0 0

Totals - - £. 850.904 14 6 833.570 2 3 751,187 12 10 438,588 15 0 473,750 4 3 365,076 9 2 192,711 5 0 261,109 7 6 327.208 10

The several Countries.

Africa -

Denmark and Norway Rail Country Raft India -Flanders -France Germany -Holland ‘ -Ireland Italy - -

N Maderas -Portugal -Raffia Spain

Streights -

Sweden

Turkey

Kle^of Guernsey-Antigua Barbadoes -_ Carolina £ S Jamaica Nevis -»Penli1 vania -

VJN

Totals - - £.

To

1708.

362459 n 3

40,17$ 10 o

1,797 10 o 130 l5 o

404,666 6 3

To

1709.

£' *

515,281 o o

9,680 o o 1*5*675 1 0

3.05* 7 6

713,688 8 6

To

1710.

£. *. d.

228,102 12 6

164,841 3 4

1,213 15 O

1,462 10 o

395,620 o 10

To

1711.

£. *. d.

357.830 o o

122,480 8 1

3.872 >5 6

484.>83 3 7

To

1712.

£. d. 130 o o

152,862 2 9

440,257 1 10

816 o o

88

1,302

5 o 1 3

4*561 11 3

To

1713.

£ s. d.

m m m

212 10 o

315,352 6 3

66,199 15 o

50*877 14 6

*>743 15 o 413 5 o

560 o o

687 2 6

3,9S5 10 o

18,280 x 3

535 o o

1,981 5 o

85 o o

600,017 2 l 460,913 4 6

To

1714.

£' d.

62 10 o

125 o o 202,241 2 6

504 o o

<11 5 o

1,210 3 9

116,618 11 o

35 o o

21,499 19 9 4,812 10 o

2,365 17 6

To

1715.

393.516 16

_ . n v

2*,850 o 2,788 IO

11,888 o q 16,809 19 o

125 o o

431 5 o

19,325 5 o

10 o o 8,569 5

83 10 a

349,585 19 6

457,145 10 3

Costoxn-House, Tnfpe&or General’s Office,

17 December, 1717.

Hen. Martyr*♦

Examined, Cha. Millrr.

John Oxenford, Geo. Wcfi.

continued below.

Bristol Poor.

Preventing

Robberies,

*c.

Leave of Absence.

' Forfeited L Rates.

Supply.

4 G-eo. I.

20° — 2i° Januarii.

675

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are, to conGder of the Method for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Joseph Erie presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better explaining the Acts passed for Erecting of Hospitals within the City of Bristol for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Thompson,

Sir Gilbert Hedthcote, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. London, Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Erie, Mr. West Sir Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Morrice, Sir Wm. Mr.

Brodrick, Mr. Fleetwood, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Treby, Mr. Vonge, Mr. Cafxcall, Lord Wm. Mr. Drew,

Mr. North, Mr. Farrer, Sir Cha. Cooke, Colonel Tozvnj-hend, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Tho. Lee, General RoJJ'e, Mr. Hutcheson, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Halsey, Sir John Norris, Mr. Diston, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

England, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Inge, Mr. Herne, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Dovers; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry; and for the City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Thomas Palmer Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. 'reby, from the Commissioners appointed to in-

quire into the forfeited Estates, acquainted the House, That the Number of Claims entered before them amounting to Sixteen hundred; and, many of them containing several Skins of Parchment, it would be impossible for them to comply, in a considerable Time, with the Order of the Twenty-third of December lait, requiring a Particular of all the Claims, which have been entered before the Commissioners, to be laid before this House; but that they have prepared an Abstract of Four hundred of the said Claims; which he was ready to lay before the , House.: And he presented the same to the House:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstrafit do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstrafii is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the* whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of what Principal, and Interest, is due on Nevis and Saint Christophers Debentures to Michaelmas 1717, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers laid before the House relating to the Half-pay be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer re|>orted from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 18.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, ujfon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M,an>* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Coinage of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Guinea*, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas for a certain Time therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2i° die Januarii;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That the Committee of the whole House, Dealer* in to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Bone-lace. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Ferdimndo Shimpton, Christopher Ingby,

John Chritchton, Robert Chritehton, Joseph West, Joshua

Mon'is, Charles Pay liter, and William Ilacktcell, on behalf of themselves, und great Numbers of other Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone-lace.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fatt; and report the fame, as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Lord Mr. Booth, Sir John Wittewrong, Mr. Fletwode, Lord Wm. Pmclett, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Inge, Mr. Morice, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Wyld,

Mr. Neville, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Diston, Sir Geo. Warrender, Mr. Farrer, Colonel Morton,

Mr. Craggs, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gold, Mr. Perwlett,

Mr. Barrington, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. J'ernon, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Cartwright, Sit John Stonehouse, Mr. Feliding.

Sir John Ward, Sir James Long, Mr and all that

serve for the Counties of Bucks and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the . Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Craggs presented to the House, pursuant to their irish Half-Addresstohis Majesty, a List of such Officers as were pay Officer*, on the Irish Establishment of Half-pay on the Thirtieth of September 1714, or since; distinguiQiing such of the Half-pay Officers as have been provided for on the British Establishment from that time:

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Taylors, Buttonsellers, Throwfters, Clotk Twisters, Dyers, Spinners, Buttonmakers, and others, Buttons and living in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, utton' 0 *' Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, concerned in the Manufactures of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others employed therein, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, That by an Act, of the Eighth of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, it is enacted, That no Taylor, or other Persons- whatsoever, within Great

Cloth But* tons and Chiton-bole*.

6n6 ai" Jam A. *7*7.

Britain, shall make, fell, or set ori, use, or bind, or shall cause to be made; fold, set on, used, or bound, on any Cloaths, or wearing Garments, any Button, or Buttonholes, made of, or used or bound with, Serge, Drugget, Freeze, Camblet, dr any Other Stuff, of which Cloaths, or wearingGarments are ufaally made of, tinder the Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Dozen of Buttons, or Button-holes, made as aforesaid; notwithstanding the aforesaid Act, several Taylors, who endeavour to deprive others of their Trade, have revived the Fashion, by privately working the m; lo that, as the Law now stands, sufficient Proof cannot be had to convict them; the Silk and Mo-oair Yarn being purchased abroad with the Woollen and Other Goods of this Kingdom: That, in case the said Commodities Should be rendered useless, we shall lose the said Manufacture: And praying Leave to amend the said Act of the Eighth of her late Majesty, iu order to prevent the Mischiefs complained of.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Booth, Mr.

Strangewayes, Sir Edward Mr. Foley, Mr.

Eire, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Guidott,'Hir Richard Grofxe-tior, Mr. London, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Stephens, Mr* Herne, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Inge, Sir John ward, Mr. Diston, Mr. Papillon, Sir Richard Farington, Sir John Norris, Sir Cha. Cooke, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. White, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Gold, the Earl of Barrymore, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Lade, Mr. Halsey, Sir Hen.

Bunbury, Mr. Randyll, Sir Win. Pole, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Rowney, Lord W , Mr.

Mr. Earl, Mr. Neville; and all that serve for the Counties of Dor set, Chester, Lancaster, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Throwfters, Twisters, Spinners, Winders, Dyers, Buttonmakers, and others concerned in the Manutaftures of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, living in the Towns of Macklesfeild, Stockport, Conckleton, and

Leek, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of other poor Families employed therein, was presented to the House, and read; fettine forth, That, by an Act of the Eighth of her late Majesty, it is enacted, That no Taylor, or other Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, should make, fell, set on, use, or bind, on any Cloaths, or wearing Garments, any Buttons, or Button-holes, made or bound with Serge, Drugget, Frize, Camblet, or any other Stuffs, under the Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Dozen of Buttons, or Button-boles, so made or bound, as aforesaid: And the said Law is not sufficient to prevent the fame, by reason several Taylors do privately work the said Button and Button-boles; so that sufficient Proof canftot be had thereof: And praying Leave may be given to explain and amend the said Act by a Clause, or otherwise, to prevent the Mischiefs complained of.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

fideratioa of the Committee, to whom the Petition of die Taylors, ButtonfeUeis, Throwfters, Twitters, Dyers,

Spinners* Buttonmakers, and others, living in and about the Cities of London and WestminsterTBorough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, concerned in the Manufacture of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others employed therein, is referred.

A Petition of great Numbers of Ruttoniriaters, Twist- Cloth Buyers, Throwfters, Spinners, Dyers, Winders, and several 101,3 illtl others concerned in the Manutaftures of Raw Silk, and Nutton-hult* Mohair Yarn, in and about the Town of Sherborn, and Places adjacent, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of the Eighth of her late Majesty, it is enacted, That ntf Taylor, Or Other Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, should mate, fell, set on, use, or bitid, on any Cloaths, or wearing Garments; any Buttons, or Buttonholes, made of Serge, Drbgget, Freeze, Cambkfts, or any other Stuffs, upon Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Dozen of Buttons, or Buttou-holes, made as aforesaid:

And whereas the said Law is evaded by Taylors, and others, privately working the fame; and the said Act j? no-ways sufficient to prevent the great Mischiefs which arise thereby: And praying, That Leave may be given to amend and explain the said Bill by a Clause, or otherwise, to mate the said Law more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the laylors, Buttonsellers, Throwfters, Twisters, Dyers,

Spinners, Buttonmakers, and others, living in and about the Cities of London and WestminsterBorough of wark, and Places adjacent, concerned in the Manufactutes of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, in behalf'of themselves* and many Thousands of others employed therein, is referred.

Sir Charles Cooke, from the Lords Commissionere of East ln<tfs Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, Durfuant Company's to their Address to bit Majesty, a Copy of a Rejfrefent- ExPorU* ation to his Majesty from the said Commissioners, relating to the East India Company’s Exports;

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Representation is as follows; viz.

To the King’s most excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

IN Obedience to your Majesty’s Order in Council, of 22d November 1714, we have examined the Account of the Exports of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from Michaelmas 1713 to Michaelmas 1714; and, having compared tho same with the Exports of the Eleven preceding Years* whereof no Report has been hitherto made from this Board, we now humbly lay before your Majesty the Stater of that Trade, according to the said Company’s Accounts, for the last Twelve Years, from the Twenty-ninth of September 1702 to the 29th of September 1714; with our Observations thereon; viz.

Exported from the Port of London by the Managers for the United Trade of the English Company trading to

the East Indies.

Ik Manufactures, Products, Stores, &c. to the Value of In Gold and Silver, to the Value of The Total annual Export amounts to

Between 29th September 1702 and 24th 1703 95th June 1703 and April 1704 -April 1704 and April 1705 April 1705 and April \ 706 April 1706 and April 1707 - f Apr A 1707 and April 1708 In Six Years - «aa £. s. d. 56,123 19 0 67,242 18 9 »32,775 7 — 32»983 14 3 30,280 13 10 68,676 15 5 £ d 104,099 10 4 349.370 12 10 252,968 10 11 228,658 18 — 267,447 1 9 470,624 13 3 £ s. d. 220,223 9 10 - 416,613 117 385,743 17 11 261,642 12 3 297,727 15 7 539,301 8 8

388,083 8 9 i,733,i6(j 7 1 2,121,252 15 10

Exported

K

4 Geo. I. 2 r Januarii. 677

Exported from the Port of London for Account of the United Trade of the Company trading into

the East Indies.

£ s. d. s. d. £. . $ d.

April 1708 and April 1709 - 102,005 7 8 447,260 17 9 540,266 5 5

April 1709 and Septan. 1710 - 123,541 4 3 399,272 15 5 522,813 19 8

29th September a 710, and 29th Septem. 1711 - 184,078 7 11 372,264 11 2 556,342 »9 1

29th September 1711, and 29th Septem. 1712 - 149,384 7 3 324,987 19 10 474,372 7 1

29th September 1712, and 29th Septem. 1713 - 100,645 19 11 221,275 13 11 321,921 13 10

29th September 1713, and 29th Septem. 1714- 79,036 1 6 260,762 12 4 339,798 13 10

Iri Six Years ----- 738,691 8 6 2,025,824 10 5 2,764,515 18 11

Total Export in the aforesaid 12 Years 1,126,774 17 3 3,758,993 17 6 4,885,768 14 9

The Medium whereof for one Year is - £ s 93,897. 18 1! 313,249 9 9i 407,147 7 10*

The Particulars of the Value of the Manufactures, Products, Stores, Sic. exported in the aforesaid 12 Years, are as follows; viz.

65,1231 Broad Cloths, amounting to -48,453 Perpetts -Radies, Cainblets, Stuffs,

Lead -

Tin....

Iron, Stores, and Charges on the) Whole - - - S

£, s. d. 726,136 6 4 101,237 7 4

35,33° 10 7 64,166-----

10,859 13 5

189,044 9 7

£. 1,126,774 17 3

In this Manner has the Trade to the East Indies been carried on for Twelve Years pad.

But, upon further looking back, and comparing the Exports of the Bullion in these Twelve Years with the Exports of the Bullion in Five Years from Christmas 1698 to Christmas 1703, it is very observable, that the Old and New Companies, before and after their Union, exported Gold and Silver, in the said Five Years, for East India, to the Value of

£'3,159,607 12 6 from London:

And - 193,189 14 — from Cadiz:

-- _----- X

In all 3,352,797 6 6

That is, communibus annis, £.634,733. 7 11 which

was left than was in those Years exported in Bullion by the Companies.

When the Custom-house Books are brought up, we shall take the Liberty to lay before your Majesty an Account of our Home-consumption; and shall then be better able to judge, how they interfere with our own Manufactures.

We mult further add, that we find, in our Office, a Representation made to his late Majesty King by the Levant Company; wherein they set forth, That they lol'e the Vent of 9,000 Cloths per , in Turky for

Persia, by the East India Company being obliged, by their Charter, to export £.100,000 per Annum in English Manufactures and Products for , which are chiefly sent to Persia, and consumed there.

Upon this, as the Trade to Turky has ever since lain under the same Difficulty, we shall only state the Account thereof; and submit the Whole to your Majesty’s Consideration.

Exported by the East India Company, as aforesaid, in 12 Years, 65,123! Broad Cloths;

Whereof 1,485! for Mocho,

1,1661 for China, &c.

26,093 . for the Coast and Bay,

28,316 for Surat and,

7,462! for Persia.

The Medium whereof for £ s. d.

One Year is - - - 670,559 9 3

Whereas the Medium for the last 12 Years, as aforesaid, is but - - - 313.249 9 9

Consequently, the East India Company’s Exportation of Bullion in the Five Years exceeds their Exportations in the 12 Years, annually - - - - 357,309 19 6

And this is exclusive of what was exported by private Traders in those Five Years, which, by the Cul-tom-house Accounts, a-

mounts to, at least - £ 70,000 — — per Annum.

Having thus ascertained the Exports for East India, we should proceed to give an Account of the Value of such East India Goods as have been re-exported to all foreign Parts; but the late Inspector General not having made up the Accounts of any Ond Year since 1704, we can only take notice of the Accounts that were adjusted before that time; whereby it appears, that the East India Goods reexported in the Four following Years, were valued at

£405,104 17 11in — 1699,

720,831 3 5i- - 17°°»

954,803 11 10I - - 1701,

458,193 18' 6! - - 1702:

In all £ 2,538,933 11 10I in Four Years.

Vol. 18.

In all - - 65,123! Cloths.

Of these, the Two last Articles, amounting to 35,778! Cloths, are the Exports which the Levant Company assert are prejudicial to their Trade; the Medium whereof, for One Year, is Cloths 2,981!.

They compute, that about One-half Part of the Cloth sent to Surat jmay. proceed to Persia; but admitting the Whole to be carried thither, and that their Allegation is true, the Nation loses the Export of 6,018! Cloths per Atmum; which, at a Time when that particular Manufacture lies under the greatest Discouragement, the Exportation thereof being decreased, since the Year 1712, at least One-fourth Part, seems to require an effectual Redress.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Jac. AJlley,

Whitehall, R. Molesworth,

September 15,h 1715. Chetwynd,

Cha.

Ordered, That the said Representation be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Corns of this Kingdom.

Mr. Cockbum, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it itood on the Thirty-first of December 1717:

An Account of what has been certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received, of what was voted by this

8 K House

Navy Debt, Sec.

678

2i° Janu.

A. 1717.

Mouse fof> the Service of the Navy on the Heads therein An Account of the extra’ Charge of the Navy for the

mentioned, for the Years 1716 and 1717; which hath Month of December 1717.

been applied to the said Heads, and to the extra’ Repairs. And the Titles thereof were read.

And also. The said Eftiinate and Accounts are as follow; viz.

Navy Office, 21st January

:e, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of H is Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood ou the

17*7- 3 31st f December 1717.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear; Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered in the Course of the Navy, for Stores, foe. supplied for the Service thereof; including the Premiums of Naval Stores imported from the Plantations -

For the Freight of Tenders; as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards; for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31" December 1717; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof

For Half-pay to the Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

Seamens Wages:

Due *0 pay the Men unpaid on the" Books of Ships paid off since the late Resolution; which, per Eftiinate, may require the Sum of

To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st of December 1717

To discharge, and pay off, all the Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessisries, Bounties for Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, foe. 011 the Head of Seamens Wages - -

Victualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For Bills on their Cpurfe; and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; and for necessary and extra-necessary Money, and Wages to the Officer?, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, &c.

Sick and Wounded: The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Tick and wounded Seamen sent affiore from his Majesty’s Fleet; and the Contingencies relating to the said Service -

Total - -

Examined per W. M.

Cha. Wager,

PARTICULARS:

Before Since

thU Reign. this Reign.

£. d. £ * d.

' 254,400 12 7

446 17 8 17.919 — 8

252,020

2/933 15 — 34,318 17 —

96,922 1 11 30,890 3 4

4,600 195,168

7.013 13 5

81,8)0 18 3 15,348 12 6

702 17 11 154.315 18 6

357 18 8 6,259 5 9

187.774 9 7 964.654 3 9

TOTAL

> 562,039 «ti

33M93 18 8

*49.17* 7 4

«,6i7 4 S

1,1511,418 13 4

Ja. Acuorth, Cka. Ferg Burt*,

J. Fautler, Tho.

1

Memoranim.

4 Gm I.

ai8 Januarii.

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and prefenfc Treasurer* of the Navy's Hands, on the 31st of December 1717, in Money, Tallies, and South Sen Stock, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; viz.

In what Treasurer* Hands.

Char. Cafar, Esquire.

In MONEY, TALLIES, and SOUTH SEA STOCK.

Memorandum: The Balance of Money, and Tallies, SfC. in the Hands of the Executors of Sir Thomas Littleton, late Treasurer of the Navy, over and above the Af-

6,863

I. d. H 9

signments made by the Navy Board on the 31st December 1717, stood, in this Office, at -More remaining in their Hands of Assignments which had been made by the Navy Board on the said Treasurer, and do not appear to have been fetis-fied by him ----- 3,919 12 5

io,773 7 2

But Mr. Fra. Hawes, who was Cashier to the said Treasurers, has, on behalf of his Executor, certified to have formerly paid to the Lord Chief Baron, and to the Auditors of the Imprest, fye. for Fees and Allowances, for passing the Leidgers, since the £. s. d. Year 1700, the Sum of 4,945 17 3

As also, that there has been paid, between the 31st of 08ober and 31st of December 1716, by Warrant from the Right honourable the I<ords of the Treasury, the Sum of 4,068 S 6-

So there remains the Sum of

>9,014 5 9

-1,759 1 5

Bight

honourable

John Aiflubic, Esquire.

In Money -

\ [ In South Sea Stock - - -,

In Money -

In Tallies on Reversionary Annuities on the Land Tax, Anno 1716 -

on Annuities, at £. 4 per Cent. per Annum -In Money towards the Debt for Tick and hurt Seamen -

\ More received by the Treasurer between the lft and 10th January, which is to be reckoned towards satisfying the said Debt; viz.

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1717 -

Out of Loans on Malt, Anno 1717 Out of Loans on Land Tax, Anno 171S -

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1718 -

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

*. d.

M*9 19 — i 7,939 5 1$

IOI 18 9}

13,868 18 —

1,042 10 8

24*082 11 7$

24,082 11 7

Seamens Wages.

602 14 8J 9 11 —

30,670 17 lOf

117 4

31400 8

31400 t aj

Victuals.

Reserved for such Uses as4 the Right honourable the

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct

£ * d.

26 78

4 7 5i 31 18 9

8,608 — if

33 — i

*,74 5 — 1

8,74 5 — I

£. ». d.

TOTAL.

£' *

*,759 5 980 — 9,067 1

,07' 5 41

,396----- I

,188 lO 32)465,996 17

1,000 - rnmm I

3 5 3

400,000

11

412,635 15 72

476,823 — si

9,317 5 ioi

1 "T !'^'7 *8 n*

120,000 -

559.953 4 7i

624,140 9 5

4

Memorandum: There has been directed by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, out of the £> 400,000 Annuity

Stock, at jf- per Cent, per Annum; viz.

To be paid Harry Mordaunt Esquire, Treasurer of the Ordnance -

To be paid Robert Knight Esquire, Cashier to the South Sea Company, to make good the Deficiency of their Fund, for the Quarter ending at Christmas 1717 -

On the Head of Wear and Tear for the Course of the Navy -

Victualling for their Course -

£ d. ». d.

26,000 — — 1

5Lo8i 8 3i 83,40°-----

65,518 11

226,000 — —

Memorandum: There has been applied, by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, out of the Money and Tallies, amounting to £. 147,317. 8s. 11 d. to the Uses following; viz.

For Wages - - - _ - -

For Sick and Hurt -

For the Ordinary, and Wear and Tear -

For the Victualing ——

To redeem the like Sum in Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1716

50,000 — — 1,174 18 11 42,488 — ii\ <5,731 911/ 2,000 — — J

120,394 8 11J

Vol. 18.

68 o

2i° Januarii.

A. 1717.

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of what has been certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received of what was voted by 14 January 1717. j the honourable House of Commons for the Service of the Navy, on the Heads under-mentioned, for the Years 1716 and 1717; which hath been applied to the said Heads, and to the extra* Repairs.

HEAPS of the NAVA t SERVICES.

What has been certified by the Treasurer of the Navy, to be received for the Years.

17l§.

17-

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary - ‘ - -

Seamens Wages -

Victualing - -

To pay Canada Bills of Exchange on the Victualing

£. s. d. 181,500-----

33<V*35 3 105,309 iG 4l

£ * 578.527 .5

389,522 — 219,546 — 4,351 11

d.

7

i|

4

6

Xranfpprta

Ordnance

624,045-----± 1,191,946 17 6j

3,000-----

Totals

624,045----- i

26,000 —

1,220,946 17 6|

More received, and remaining unapplied to any particular Head; and are reserved in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands for such Uses thereof as the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall please to direct; viz.

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1716 ——

In - t>° - - - £) - Anno 1716, redeemed by Tallies on Land Tax, Anna 1717 -In - D® for Annuities of £. \j>erCent. -

In - t> 0 on the Land Tax, Anno 1718 In - D9 -

188 10

- D® - Anno 1716, redeemed by Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno 1718

Cha. Wager,

Ja. Acworth,

J. Fatder, Cha. Sergifon,

Tho. Swanlon,

188 10 3I

3,000

174,000

26,923

20,000

223,923-----

A. Burton, Tho. Colby.

Navy Office, I An ACCOUNT of the Rebuildings, and extra* Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, and other extra* Works, performed io January 1717* J his Majesty’s several Yards between the i(t and 31(1 of December 1717; with the best Computation of the Charge of the said Works that could be made by the Officers of the said Yards; prepared in pursuance of the Directions received from the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, of the 29th of November last.

Elice where.

Kate

DeptfbrA - - 4

SHIPS NAMES.

Torbay Medway Nottingham Dover Gosport Old Storehouse

r

Woolwich

Chatham

Britannia -Revenge Guernsey -Mad Dock Joiners Shop, &c. Rigging* house -

Prince Sandwich -Bredagh Essex -Lenox Newark RafTell Suffolk Advice Greenwich -Norwich Plymouth -Rupert Swallow Tilbury New Anchor Wharf

Sheernefi

5 1 Lark -New Stor«-hoo(e

Hulls.

£. d.

933 ~ 4 1,160 8 1

386 6 10

72 13 —

841 11 9

1,61811 1

4 16 1 58 1 3

1,020 9 8

792 15 —

i®7 1* 5

92 4 5

Rigging and Stores of those Ships whose Hulls were repaired.

d.

5 6

148 12 5

«54 1 9 8 12 7

079 15 11

Rigging and Stores of the Ships supposed to he in good Condition.

£. s* d.

184 19 9

53 18 8

40 4 9

11 H 11

847 3 5

43 5 7

10 9

385 13 2

44 3 8

46 15 8

62 16 3

69 10

5i 9 10

78 17 4

25 12 -1

( continued)

Plate marked atGoldiinitlis dialL

Bubb's

Name.

4 Geo. Is 4 i 0 ^mi6&t

PImot where. Rato. SHIPS NAMES. ! Hull*. Rigging and Stores of those Ships whose Hulls were repaired. Rigging and Stores of the Ships fappofrd to he in good Condition.

continued. £ d. £. £. t. d.

r \ Royal William - -- -- - 6 8 —

2 Bleinheim ----- 294 15 3i

Ramilies 166 5 11

St. George ----- 609 8 6

3 Boyn ----- 459; 4

579 3

Humber - -- 874 7 — 1

Kent ----- ----- 753, 1* — i

Portsmouth -

Monmouth ----- 102 IQ 9i

4 Kingston - 5 7 si

Mary - -- 1,228 1 +1

Rippon - - v - - - »37

Sutherland , 9>4 13 -1

5 Mermaid - - - -/- 44» 19 5i

Officers Houses - - - ' 109 16 lj

New Top-house ----- ----- 12 4 2

I r* St Albans - - - 644 10 31 13 *6 —

1 Deptford - -- 27 — 7

Plymouth - - ( 1 Dr> r Dock ----- 1,265 4 11

1 1 Mait-house - -- 175 11 11

ABSTRACT. £. s. d.

The Works of the Ships - - - - 9,950 6 5|

For completing their Rigging and Stores ----- - 1,991 3 7i

For completing the Rigging and Stores of the Shjps supposed to be; hi good Condition - - 5*498 10 7

For extra’Buildings - - - -- - - -- - 1,958 3 g {

Total - - £. 19,398 4 5$ Cha. Wager, ^"1

Jaf Ackworth, Cha. Sergifon, Tho. Swanton,

J. Ijawler, A. Burton, Tho. Colby.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Hotife being acquainted, That the Master and Warden of the Goldsmiths Company attended;

They were called in; and, at the? Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Silver Plate of the old

Standard, marked at Goldjrmths-hall, from the Sixteenth Day of June 1693 to the Twenty-fifth of March 1697; and also of the Silver Plate of the new Standard, marked there, from the Twenty-ninth of May 1714 to the Twentieth of January instant.

And then they withdrew.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

I. Obedience to the Orders of this honourable House, we the underwritten Wardens of the Company of Goldsmiths, London, humbly lay before your Honours the following Accounts, as the same have been yearly made up, and entered in the said Company’s Books, at the annual Election of Wardens; viz.

Silver Plato of the old Standard marked at GoUf/rntfu hall, from the Sixteenth Day of Jam 1693 to the /. wt. oz. dtot. gr. 29th Day of May 1694 ----- - 45,412. o. 12. 12.

Silver Plate of the old Standard marked, from the said 29th of May 1.694 to the 25th of July 1695 - - 46,422. 6. 18. 6.

Silver Plate of the old Standard marked, from the said 25thofyWy 1695 to the 29th of May 1696 - - 29,743. 11. o. 1

Being the Three last intire Years of the old Standard.

Silver Plate of the old Standard marked, from the said 29th of May 1696 to the 25th of March 1697; at which

time the new Standard commenced, being Part of a Year ----- 18,743. 6. 7. 6.

Silver Plate of the new Standard marked, from the 15th of April 1697 to thp 29th of May following, being the

remaining Part of that Year - 2,038. 8. 12. 04

Silver Plate of the new Standard marked, from the 29th qi May 1714 to the 30th of May 1715 - 51,537. 1. 9. 12*

Silver Plate of the new Standard marked, from the 29th of May 1715 to the 29th of May 1716 - 51,649 . o. 15. o.

Silver Plate of the new Standard marked, from the said 29th of May 1716 to the 29th of May 1717 - -- 50,898. 3, 6. o*

Being the Three last intire Years of the new Standard.

Silver Plate of the new Standard marked, from the said 29th of May 1717 to this present 20th of January 1717 34,198. l. 1. *.

Robert Cooper, Wm. Potter, John Cully, Antho.Nclme, Wardens.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Methods for preventing the Wastes of the Gold and, Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House. according to Order, a Bill to enable George Bubb Esquire and his Issue, to change their Surname to Dodditigton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Vo 1.. 18.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cadogan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bflf for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-lane End, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

8 L The

Maidenhead

Roadfc

-by

682 ' 2i° Januarii. A: 1717.

Bullion

exported.

The House being informed, That Mr. Carkejfey Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account shewing the Quantities of foreign Coin and Bullion entered for Exportation; disttnguishing the Countries; from Ladyrday 17^0 to the 16th oi January 1717, inclusive; and also acquainted the House, That,

as to the Account of what Bullion, or foreign Coin, has been shipped off since the said time, the Commissioner* are informed, by the proper Officer, That the same cannot be perfected in less than One Month.

And then he withdrew*

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows viz.

An ACCOUNT shewing the Quantities of FOREIGN COIN and BULLION entered for Exportation; distinguishing the Countries;

from Lady-day 1710 to 16th January 1717, inclusive; — viz.

The several Countries.

r

Africa - -

Denmark and Norway

East Country

Halt India -

Flanders

France

Germany -

Holland -

Ireland

Italy -

Mad eras

Portugal

lluffia -

Spain -Straits -Sweden

Turkey Barbadoes -Jamaica Nevis

New York -Penfilrania -Virginia and Maryland West Indies in general -

Totals - -

From Lady-day 1710 to Christmas 1711.

' Gold.

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs.

1,817 6 0

1 15 5'

26,468 15 5

oz, dwt. grs.

725>3*7 0 0

74,044 is o

15,489 o o

815,100 13 o

From Christmas 1711 to Christmas 1712.

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

1,407 16 o

78*213 5 11 004 o o

79,805 1M*1

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs. 500 o o

588*923 15 0

509,616 o ©

353 o o 5,008 5 o

18,046 5 o

1,100,867 5 o

From Christmas 1712 to Christmas 1713.

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

336 o o 10,088 16 3

140 o o

131 5 o

133 15 o 484 10 o

01 5 o

13*935 11 3

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs.

850 o o 1,061,409 5 o

259>423 o o 490 o o 4,185 18 18

1,653 O o

648 10 o

15*942 o o

73,100 5 o

175 o o

1,617,896 18 18

From Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1714.

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

29,108 1 10

107 17 o

560 0 0

525 O o 58 10 10

350 o O

30,709 9 o

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs. 050 o o

500 o o 808,964 10 o

0,016 o o 445 o o 4*840 15 o 425 o o

14° 0 o

84,074 7 O

9,250 o 6 503 10 o

1,000 o o

902,609 0 Q

a

The several

t

Countries.

M

1

Africa

Denmark and Norway East Country East India Flanders France Germany Holland < Ireland Italy -Jkladeras Portugal Raffia -Spain

Straits

Sweden

Turkey

Barbadoes

Jamaica

Nevis -New York Penlilvania Virginia and Maryland West Indies in general -

Totals -

From Christmas 1714 to Christmas 1715.

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

650 o o 584 o o

090 o o 1,640 5 14

14 o o

3*178 5 H

From Christmas 1715 to Christmas 1716.

\C~

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs.

i*574*°^7 5 o ' 1,000 o o

1,810 o o

42,913 o o

A-

500 o o

1,725 o o

77.077 o o 40 o o

34.077 o O 3,306 o o

1 >73^*735 5 o

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

10 9 o

3,980 o o 0,540 o o

160 1 6

148 15 o

38 5 o

6,883 10 6

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs, 900 o o

1,601,915 10 o

5,000 o o 350,1 it o o

144*95» o o

06,506 10 o

10,114 o o

0,143,499 O o

From Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1717.

From Christmas 1717 to 16th January.

Gold.

oz. dwt. grs.

0,880 o o

59*725 o o 073 13 00

170 o o

63,048 13 00

ir

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs.

3*183,763 o o 000 o o 11,320 o o

354*853 o o

79*350 O o

03,586 o o

3,653*072 o o

Gold.

Silver.

oz. dwt. grs.

375 o o

n,995 10 12

10,370 10 10

os. d«t. grt

258,351 o

93,050 o

351,401 O

Custom House,

Inspector General’s Office, 01st January 1717.

Examine W* Oxford, j for the Inspesor General.

Kate of Interest.

tfoM and Silver Coins.

’Preserving ft ramie d Ships.

Bubb's

Nam*.

L

4 Geo. I. 21# — 2 2° Jan. 683

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, Proprietors Half-yearly Committee of the whole House, who are to co.nfider of in the subscribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities, j’uyment* of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver established by an Act of the Iaft Session of Parliament, lvl *n

Coins of this Kingdom. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the said Annuities are divided into so many Jinall The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Shares, that, if the Dividends be continued to be made resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Quarterly, the Transfer-books must be (hut up Two-consider of the Act of the Twelfth Year of her late thirds of the Year, to adjust the Shares, and to make out Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of the Dividend Warrants: And praying, That the said Interest, without Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities; Dividends, for the future, may be made Half-yearly,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, commencing from Christmas lal't.

That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve Ord, That the Consideration of the said Petition be itself into the said Committee; referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the

It palfed in the Negative. Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear

to them, to the House:

The other Order of the Day being read; And it is referred to Sir John , Mr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Mr. ,' Mr. Mr. , Mr.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Barring, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Chiswell, Mr. to conGder of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Diston, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cafwall, Sir Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom. Wm. , Mr. Sir Wm. , Sir John Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do attend the Cope, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Gold, Mr. Travers, Mr. London, laid Committee upon Saturday Morning next. Mr. Mason, Sir Tho. Cro/Jc, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Earl,

Ordered, That the Touch-warden of the Goldsmiths Mr EdeMr. Inge, Mr. Lade, Dr.Paskc, Mr. Company, and the Assay-inafter at Goldsmiths-hall, do Mr. Morice, Sir Wm. St. Mr. Drew, Mr.

attend the said Committee upon Saturday Morning Reyncll, Mr. Smith, Mr. Em land, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. next. Stanhope, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Mr. Jejjop, Sir

Tho. IVheate, Mr. , Colonel Bladen, Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Foley:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Morning, Nine of the Clock. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power

to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 2 2° Januarii',

Anno 4® Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ABI L L to continue an Act, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or Stranded, upon the Coalts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions, was read a Second time.

Rcjblrcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr.

Mr. Earl, Mr. Lade, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Anstis, Mr. Inge, Mr. lufnell, Sir Wm. Dailies, Sir John Ward, Mr. England, Mr. Neville, Mr. Hutchcjbn, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Rogers, Sir Fran. Leicester, Mr. Foley, Mr. Randyll, Mr. Carteirt, General Carpenter, Mr. Barrington, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Ward, Mr. Snell, Sir John Nomris, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Iledworth; and all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for the Seaports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being moved, That a Clause, the Fourth Section of the Act, of the First Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for pnnishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods; and to prevent the wilful Burning and Destroying of Ships; which relates to the wilful Casting away, Burning, or otherwise Dc ltroying, of Ships; might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for amending and making the said Clause more effectual.

OO

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent Exactions for the Salvage of Ships stranded.

A Bill to enable George Btibb Esquire, and his Iffiie, to change their Surname to was read a

Second time:

And ( leorge Doddington Esquire, a Member of this House, being the Chief of the Family, Handing up in his Place, and giving his Consent to the Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrafted.

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Burrow-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the bridg# Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burrowbridge, in the County of York, in the room of Thomas Wilkinson Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General of the Duties on Houses for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland.

A Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of Woollen the Borough of Saint Germa'ms, in the County of Corn- Manufacture. wall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners labour under the greatest Difficulties, by rcalon of the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn run from Ireland; and also by reason of the continual Importation, into these Parts, of very great Quantities of Irish Worsted, under the Denomination of Bay-yarn; which is chiefly encouraged by the very small Duty that Bay-yam pays; which Practices have already greatly impoverished vast Numbers of poor Spinners, Woolcombers, and others; and will, in a little time, take away the chiefest Means their Poor have of supporting themselves, and Families: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knight, Colonel Morton,

Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Earl,

Sir John Ward, Mr. London, Lord Castlecomer,

Strickland, Mr. Guibbon, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Snell,

Air. Neville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bere, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Masters, Lord Shelborn, - Lord Middleton, Mr.

Brodrick, Colonel Bladen, Sir Tho. , Sir Tho.

Wheate, General Wade, Mr. Norris, Mr. Farrer, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Diston, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Strickland,

Air. Ward, Mr. Inge, Mr. Dreio, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Yonge, General Rosse, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Sir Wm. Johnstone, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Aislabie,

Mr. Reyn ell, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Godfrey, Sir

Norris, Sir Wm. Courtenay. Air. and all the

Alemhers that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon,

Somerset, Dorset, York, Wills, Gloucester, and Worcester: -And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’^ Chamber: And Ihcy have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir

3| -

fcaft

Griuftpad

Roadt.

Preventing Robberies, See♦

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt.

Supply.

Committees.

2 'jt — 2 30

A. 1717-

sir Nicholas Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex\ and to the Towns of Sutton and , in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons; is committed; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Moaning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or feme of them, do then attend the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first of December 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what has been certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received of what was voted by the House of Commons for the Service of the Navy, on the Heads therein mentioned, for the Years 1716 and 1717, which hath been applied to the said Heads, and to the extra Repairs, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Scheme and Estimate of the extraordinary Repairs of the Navy for the Year 1718, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Rebuildings, and extra Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, and other extra Works performed at his Majesty’s several Yards, in the Year 1715, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Rebuildings, and extra Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, and other extra Works performed at his Majesty’s several Yards, in the Year 1716, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of Rebuildings, and extra Repairs of the Navy, for the Year 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the extra Charge of the Navy for the Month of December 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of his Majesty’s Ships employed in the Year 1716; in what Stations; with their Numbers of Men; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of his Majesty’s Ships employed in the Year 1717; in what Stations; with their Numbers.of Men; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

y&vis, 23P did' Januarii;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in Debtors his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Derby, on Petition, behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That, by several Losses and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are brought into Confinement; where they suffer many unspeakable Calamities and Miseries, not only by their own distressed Circumstances, but of their Families at home; who are in daily Danger of starving; being deprived of the Assistance of the Petitioners in getting them a Maintenance: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Potition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to CommiCooeo appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and de- Sr.Anny termine, the Debts due to the Artny: And that Mr. "* Craggs, and the Lord William Powlett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Keot-lire«t. the Petition of several Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices R<*d*. of the Peace, of the several Counties of Kent and Surrey, and other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said Counties, living in or near the several Towns and Parishes lying in the Highways leading from the Stones End of Kent-street, in the Parish of George’s,

Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, to the Limekilns in East Greenwich, near and to

Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the said County of Kent7 and all’o of several Grafiers,

Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, and others, who frequent and pals the -laid Highways, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; foe Matter, as it appeared to them; which, they had directed him to report to foe House; and he read foe same in his Place; and afterwards delivered foe Report in at foe Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to foe Order of the House, of foe Eighteenth of December last, have examined the Matter of foe said Petition; and find, upon foe Examination of several Witnesses, inhabiting in the said several Parishes lying upon foe said Roads; viz.

By Mr. John Edwards, of the Parish of Saint George, Southwark; Mr. Tho. Alman, of Camberwell; Mr. Wm.

Baker, of Deptford; Mr John Parker, of Lewisham; and Mr. Richard Mead, of Greenwich; That the said Roads are, by reason of the many heavy Ix»acts and Carriages of Goods, and foe great Number of Stage and Hackney Coaches, Passengers, and Droves of Cattle, daily passing through the said Roads, become so very fouaderous and ruinous, and, in many Parts thereof, so bad, that, in the Winter-season, the same are very dangerous to all Persons who have Occasion to travel through foe said Roads; and particularly several Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, have been lately overturned, and stuck therein; to the great Damage of the Owners and Proprietors of foe Goods and Cattle belonging thereto.

That it further appeared to the Committee, by foe Examination of several other Witnesses, of the said several Parishes; viz.

By Mr. Atkinson, of foe Parish of St. George, Southwark; Mr. Nicholas Baker, of Camberxoell; Wm. IV.right, of Deptford, Esquire; Mr. John Parker, of Lewisham; and Mr. George fVigfell, of Greenwich; That the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes have, from time to time, been at great Expences in repairing and amending the said Roads; yet foe same are lo very bad, that they are almost impassable; and cannot, by the Laws 30 ROW

Supply.

Men in Bone-lace.

4 Geo. I.

230 Januarii.

685

now in Force, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the said Parishes, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose:

For that the said Parishes have not only done their Statute-work, but l'oine of them much more than they were obliged to do; and also have raised Six Pence in the Pound betides; and likewise other large Sums of Money have constantly been raised, and laid out in amending the said Roads and Highways; but yet the same have fallen iliort of what was uecessary to repair the said Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End of Kent-Jlrtet, in the Parish of Saint George's, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Blackheath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent: And that Colonel Fane, Sir Samuel Leonard, Mr. Windsor, Sir Robert Fumcfe, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Feidinando ShIngby,

John Chritchton, Robert Chritchton, Joshua

Morris, Charles Paynter, and William Hackwell on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Whole-lale Traders and Dealers in English Bone-lace, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk's Table: Where the tame was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of this House, of the 21st instaut, have taken the said Petition into their Consideration; and do tind the Matter of Fact to be as follows; viz.

That, by the Examination of Richard Marriot, and others, the Manufacture of English Bone-lace, hath, by the Industry of the Petitioners, and others, been greatly improved of late Years; whereby many thousands of poor Persons have been, and are, employed; and those of very tender years are enabled to get their Livings:

'lhat some of the Petitioners have been put to great Expences, and hindered from carrying on their Trades, and others are daily threatened to be disturbed therein, by several Persons, who have, of late, taken upon themselves to prosecute and inform against them before some of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, on the Pretence; that they ought to have Licences, according to an Act of the 9th and i oth King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

That it appears, upon reading the said Act, That the said Petitioners are not within the Meaning of the same, or liable to any the Penalties thereby to be inflicted; and ought not to be deemed Hawkers and Pedlars:

Which is farther made evident by a Resolution of this House, upon a Report, made the Sixth of 1699, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward and others, Bone-lace-makers, was referred; viz. That the Workers of Bone-lace, his, her, or their, Children, Apprentices, Servants, or Agents, and all Wholesale Dealers in the said Manufacture, though they go from Shop to Shop to any their Customers who fell the same «tgain by Retail, shall not be deemed Hawkers and Pedlars by the Act made in the 9th and 10th King the Third.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone lace, by obviating several Doubts in the ACfcj of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars: And that Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Denton, and Mr. Fletewode, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. IS.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farm- Number ers, and travelling Waggoners, whole Names are there- Hoifesofed unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Land- ""* holders and Farmers; and also of divers Waggoners and 8 Carriers travelling to several Parts of this Kingdom; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of the First Year of his present Majesty, it is Enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall be drawn, or go, in any Common, or Highway, or Road, with above Five Horles, Oxen, or Beasts, in Length, under the Penalty: That the Petitioners tire Waggon Carriers suffer very much in their Cattle, by reason of many Sloughs, and steep Hills, which they mull unavoidably travel over; io that it is impossible for the Petitioners "to carry on their Business without another Horse to assist the Five in drawing their laid Waggons:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of the First Year of his present Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with the r Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir 'I'ho. WMr. Mr. Curzon, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Tho. Read, Sir Wm. Stt'ickland, Sir Robert Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Cartwright, Lord oynd,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Coffin, Mr. Smith, Mr. Piggott, Mr.

Bigg, Colonel Fane, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Whitmore,

Sir Richard Howe, Mr. White, Lord Wm. Mr.

Jenkins, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Heysham, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir John Norris, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. London, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Trtby, Sir Tho.

Hales, Mr. Cater, Sir John Cope, Mr. Dison, Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Archer, Mr. Cokbume. Mr. Wyld, Mr. Jor dan, Mr. Windsor, Sir Hen. AshhurJ, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Earl, Mr. Lewis,

Lord Cajlecomer, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Neville, Sir Samuel Leonard, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Allanfon, j

Sir John Ward, Mr. Travers, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Inge,

Lord Molesworth, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Jonathan Cope, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Calmady, Mr. Foley,

Sir Wm.Pole, Sir Richard Gouch, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Farrer; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Berks, Wilts, Oiford, Bucks, and Leicejer:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inspect the Laws for the repairing and amending the Highways; and also the Laws relating to Carriers and Waggoners; and report their Opinion how the Highways may be better amended, and kept in Repair.

" t

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Frauds in others, of the Company of Distillers, of London, was Customs, See. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Making of Brandies from malted Corn, and other Materials, the Produce of our Plantations hath been encouraged by several Acts of Parliament; to the great Advantage of this Kingdom, as of our Plantations abroad:

That the Clandestine Running of French Brandy not only lessens, but discourages, the Consumption of malted Corn; but disheartens the fair Importers; to the great Damage of his Majesty’s Revenue in the Excise and Customs:

And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of French Brandy into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods: And that Mr. Heysham, Mr. Comptroller, Sir John Ward, Mr. Erie, Mr. Harley, Mr. John Chetwynd, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Preventing into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Robberies,

9 M whom *c*

686 *3° — -24 0 yan-^.1717*

whom the Bill for the farther preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Tranl-portation of Felons; was committed:

And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thcrcupou, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons imprilbned, for want of sufficient Bail, for unlawful Exportation of Wool, and who shall refofe to appear, or plead to a Declaration, or Information, to be 'left against him at tire Prison, for the said Offence, Judgment shall be entered against him by Default; and in case Judgment shall be obtained by Default, and the Person not paying the Sum recovered, the Court before whom such Judgment shall be obtained shall, by Order of Court, cause such Offenders to be punished as' therein is mentioned.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were tilled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.'

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That

Hodgkis, an Attorney for John Roberts, hath caused De durations in Ejectment to be delivered upon Part of the Estate of Joseph Erie Esquire, a Member of this House; and hath proceeded at Law against the said Mr. Erie thereupon; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Prir vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein to the House.

Call of The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the die House. House;

‘ And a Motion being made, and the . Question being put, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevenuigbt;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

The House was accordingly called over:

And the Names of such as made Default to appear were taken down.

Ordered, That the Names of such as made Default be now called over.

And, their Names being called over;

The Name of John Brace Esquire being called;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That he be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Teas, {w.a'rLl:}'43'

Tellers for the Noes, SeT*’ I’43'

The Numbers upon the Division being equal, Mr. Speaker declared with the Yeas; it being affirmed by feme Gentleman, That Mr. Brace would be in Town on Saturday next.

Several other Members, upon their Names being called, were excused, on account of Sickness.

The Names of Sir John Rogers, Roger Tudrfeild, John Foxcnes junior, and Charles Barker, Esquires, being severally called over;

And the Question being severally put, That they be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Rogers, Roger Tuckfeild, John

J'aunes junior, and Charles Parker, Esquires, do attend the Service of this House upon Monday Sevennight

The Name of John Codrtngton being called over;

And his Excuse being not allowed of;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said John Codrington Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers forte Yeas,} 4*.

Tellers for the N«s,£JJr; j 39-

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Forces to be Regulating continued in his Majesty s Service; and for Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; and for punish- orc*‘ ing Mutiny and Desertion; be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.° die Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P raters.

AP E TITIO N of the Merchants, Sergemakers, Woollen Mae and others trading in Wool, and the Woollen Manufacture. nufacture, within the Borough of Minehead, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several good Laws have been made for Preventing of the Exportation of Wool into foreign Parts; yet large Quantities is exported into France clandestinely, and especially from Ireland; whereby his Majesty is greatly wronged of his Revenue in respect to the Duty which Wool pays in; and

thereby neighbouring Nations are fumithed with that Commodity at cheaper Rates than ourselves, to the Ruin of the Woollen Manufacture: Another Inconvenience the Petitioners labour under is, the large Quantities of Irish Worsted Yam imported by the Name of Bay Yarn, being no otherwise than Worsted; and is ufecl for such in making Serges, Stuffs, &c.; They give in Ireland but Six Pence for Spinning of Twenty-four Ounces; and we give Eight Pence for Eighteen Ounces: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Bo- Ditto, rough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, and other Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and-read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as well as those employed in the Woollen Manufacturg in this Neighbourhood, are under great Difficulties by reaibn of the great Quantities of Wool and Yarn that are daily run from Ireland Vo France, and the continued Im-

Krtation of great Quantities of Irish Worsted, under the ^nomination of Bay Yarn; which, we apprehend, is chiefly promoted by Means of the small Duty now on such Bay Yam; by Means whereof, great Numbers of the Spinners and Worsted-combers are much impoverished, and will feon want Means of Subsistence: And praying such Relief, ad the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Assistants, Ditto, and Gentlemen, and also of the Merchants, and others, trading in the Woollen Manufactures within the Borough of Tiverton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That notwithstanding the Laws made for preventing the Exportation of Wool and Yam, yet lbme self-interested Men have clandestinely exported great Quantities

t8 of

n '

4 Geo. I. 240- — 25°

ties of it to Frame, more especially from Ireland ', and the neighbouring Nations furnillied with Wool and Yam at a cheaper Rate than ourselves: Another Grievance is, the Importation of vast Quantities of Irish Worded, entered tinder the Denomination of Bay and Woollen Yam; whereas it is really Worded; and thereby defrauding his Mojefiy of the Custom; and thereby render it cheaper than we can make it: And praying such Relief as to the House shall (eem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of die Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Gomans, in die County of Cornwall, is referred.

Earl of Mr. Serjeant Birch reported from the Committee, to

Ranelagh’* whom the Bill for the Sale of the late Earl of Randagh's Ellate. Estate at Chelfia and Cranborne, in the Coundes of Jllid-dless.r and Berks, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to die House; and he read diem in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at die Clerk s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bubb’t An ingrossed Bill to enable George Bulb Esquire, and

Nani*. jjs jflyc Maie to change their Surname to the Surname of Doddington, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable George Bubb Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to the Surname Doddington.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Deakn in Mr. Hampden presented to the House, according to Bone-lace. Order, a Bill for Relief of the Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone lace, by obviating several Doubts in the Act, of the Nintii and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bristol Poor. A Bill for the better explaining the Acts passed for Erecting of Hospitals within the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdkr, forU«YeaS,{^;g<c(. },o8.

TeUer, for.be } 8,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Earl, Sir Wm. Elaines, Mr. Treby, Mr. Farrer, Mr. London,

Colonel Morton, Mr. , Mr. Smith, Sir Robert

Rich, Mr. Carter, General Wade, Sir Robert Fumefe, Lord Molefaorth, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. North, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Tracers, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr.

Mr. Snell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Stephens, Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Low Mr. Heath, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Neville, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr.

Mr. Banks, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Mount. Blundell, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Monro, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Clarke, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr. Law fan, Mr. Bond, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Inge, Mr. Hutchenfon,

Vo i* 18.

Januarii. 7

Mr. Diston, Colonel Stephens,- Mr. Brace BridgeSir

bert Heathcote, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Guidott, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir Hen. Bunbwy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Evrofeild.'* veiling divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Estate. Suffer, Part of the Ellate of Charles Esquire, ia

Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son; and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Eversfeild To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Way* ing next, refclve itself into a Committee of the whole "ft Means, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply.. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,' relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 250 die J;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prat ebs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act Eversfeild* for veiling certain Lands and Tenements in the Estate. County of Suffer, Part of the Estate of Charles Eversfeild,

Esquire, in Trustees for a present Provision for his Son; and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Chariot Eversfeild; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses, and other importi*g Inhabitants, of the Borough of Lijkara, in the County of IriihYara. Cornwall; and of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, thereabouts; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Spinning of Yam and Woriied is the chief Trade of the Poor of this Borough: That by the Decay of that Trade, which is occasioned by the vau Quantities of Wool and Yam exported and run from Ireland to France, and by the Importation of great Quantities of Irish Woriied into our Ports, under the Denomination of Bay Yam; which is encouraged by the finall Duty upon that Commodity j so that ’tis afforded, at least,' Four Pence per Pound cheaper than it can be 1 made by our Poor: And praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, t£ whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and' other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Geimam} in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders to Sea, in Ditto; the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read;

setting

V

688 a 5° Januarii. . 1717-

letting forth, That large Quantities of Wool have been secretly sent to foreign Places from this Kingdom, as well as Ireland; to the great Prejudice of the Manufactory of this Kingdom; which, if not prevented, will render the Woollen Manufactory so dear here, that , &c. will

be capable to under-fell the Exporter, from this Kingdom: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

Kent-street Colonel Fane presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End of Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George's,

Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Blackheath, and to Lexvisham Church, in Tunbr'ug: Road, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

V

Narthamp- Mr. Witmcr reported from the Committee, to whom

works 4ter* ^>e^t*on the Mayor, Bailiff, Burgesses, Gentry, anid or ' principal Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, was referred, the Matter as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, upon Examination of the Allega-' tions in the said Petition, do find;

That, in the Year 1675, a dreadful Fire happened in the said Town: And a Table of Benefactors, and their voluntary Contributions towards the rebuilding the Church of All Saints, and for the Relief of the many Sufferers by the said Fire, was produced, to prove the fame.

That, upon the Examination of Charlxvood Lawton Esquire, Catharine Mann, and Thomas it appeared to the Committee, That there are but Two little Conduits l.e’onging to the major Part of the Town, both served from One Spring, which is too small to supply the necessary Wants of the Inhabitants with Water: That,

' at present, there are no Conduit-pipes laid into the Houses;

so that they are forced to fetch Water for their Use in Buckets, at their great Expence and Trouble: That a Person has sometimes been obliged to stay Two Hours for One Bucket of Water.

That, about Thirteen Years ago, no less than Seven or Eight Fires happened in the Space of Six or Seven Months; which were not extinguilhcd without great Difficulty, by reason of the Want of Water; which was certified to the Committee by the aforesaid Catherine Manning and Thomas Dujl.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Fill for supplying the Town of Northampton with Water: And that Mr. IVilmcr, Mr. Cartwright, and Sir Thomas Sam-well, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B«adine, &c. Mr. Buckingham reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Petition of the High Sheriff Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Berks; and also of several Justices of the Peace, and Freeholders, in the County of Southampton; and allb of the several Coachmen, Waggoners, and others using and travelling the Roads between Reading and Shinfeild, and Reading and Heckfeild, in the said Counties; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Seventeenth of January last, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and find, ftpon the Examination of several Witnesses inhabiting

in the several Parities lying upon the said Roads; viz.

By Mr. John Curtis, Mr. Simon , Mr. Thomas Hollier, Mr. Neville Meriot; That the Roads leading from Reading to Shinfeild, and Reading to are

become 1b very ruinous and deep, that, in the Winter- , season, they are almost impassable; and are very dangerous to all Persons, Coaches, Ilorfes, and Cattle, travelling through the same.

That it farther appeared to the Committee, That the several Paritliioners have used their utmost F.ndeavours, in the Summer seasons, to repair and amend the said Roads; but, for want of sufficient Gravel, Stones, and other Conveniences, lying near thereto, are not able, of themselves, to effect the fame; in respect of the great Charge required to fetch Gravel, Stones, and other Conveniences, and the Quantities necessary for that Purpose; without the Assistance of this honourable House:

For that the said Parishes have not only done their Statute-work, but much more than they were obliged to do j and allb have raised Six Pence in the Pound besides; and likewise other large Sums of Money have constantly been raised, and laid out, in amending the said Roads and Highways; but yet the same have fallen short of what was necessary to repair the said Highways.

All which Evidence was confirmed by a Certificate under die Hands and Seals of Anthony Blagrave and Clement Kent Esquires, Two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks, inhabiting near the Town of Reading aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and amend the Highways from Reading, in the County of Berks, by Shinfeild and Heckfeild, to Bajing-Jloke, in the County of Southampton And that Mr. Buckingham, the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Cadogan, and Mr. Gioidot, do prepare, and bring hi, the same.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and St.Micharfi Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael,

London, was presented to the House, and read; setting urc forth, That, by an Order made in the Year 1704, by the then Archbishop of Canterbury, Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, the Tower of the said Church was appointed to be rebuilt out of the Monies arising by die Duty on Coals, appropriated for building of Parochial Churches by several Statutes; but the said Petitioners could not get the said Order complied with: That by another Order, in 1715, the said Tower, being dangerous to the Neighbourhood, was taken down; and is rebuilt about Twenty Foot high; but the Monies arising on the said Duty on Coals was so far expended in the other great Incumbrances on the said Duty, that there was not Money sufficient to go on with, and finish, the said Tower:

That in regard the said Tower hath been, in part, rebuilt by the Monies arising out of the Fund given for that Purpose, and was intended to have been fiiiished thereby, and ought so to be, before the same Duty be applied to other new Uses; and for that the Work is not carried up aboye half way to the Roof of the Church; and will cost Six thousand Pounds to finish it: And praying.

That Provision may be made for the finishing the said Tower by the Duty granted by the Statute, of the 9th of the late Queen, for Building of Fifty new Churches.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Couper, Sir Ward, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Henley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hungerford, Mr .(podfrey, Sir7%o. Mr. Craggs,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Monson, Mr, Clarke, Sir Wm.

Humphreys, Mr. Sloper, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Drewe, Mr. Newland, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Liddall, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Morice, Sir Hen. Hoghton,

Sir Tho. Clark, Mr. Botclcr, Mr. Inge, Mr. Ilutchcfon,

Mr. England, Mr. Brodrick, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Attorney

4 Geo. I.

25° Januarii.

ney General, Mr. Treby, "Mr. , Mr. Bailie, Ml-. Earl, Mr. Lade, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Freman, Mr. and all that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, in the County of Gloucester, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County; the Fourteenth Day of January 1717; and also of the Grand Jury of the City of Gloucester, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said City, the Seventeenth of January 1717: was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, several Years past, great Quantities of Cyder and Perry have been made and brought into this and other Counties for Exportation into foreign Parts; to the great Advantage of the Petitioners j who have been thereby encouraged to increase their Plantations of those Fruits: That the Exportation thereof is of great Advantage to the Nation, by improving the Trade and Navigation, and Increase of his Majesty’s Revenues; but hath been greatly discouraged by several Prosecutions lately commenced in the Court of Exchequer for a Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead against the Exporters thereof: That the Discouragement to the Exportation of Cyder and Perry will be a great Prejudice and Loss to the Petitioners, by lessening the Value of their Estates, and the Revenues of his Majesty: And praying such Relief as to the Floufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is committed.

Mr. Craggs. presented to the House an Estimate of the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital, and Out Pensions, for the Year 1718:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital, and Out Pensioners, for the Year 1718, over and above the Poundage, and Days Pay. The Fund for the Expence of the said Hospital, and Pensioners, for the Year 1717, was the Deduction of Poundage, and Days Pay, of the Forces, Garisons, and other Charges of the Land Service:

But, by the Reductions of the Ibid.Forces, and other Expences for Land Service, the said Fund will be decreased, £. s. d.

for the Year 1718, by - - - 12,500 — - —

And there has been an Addition to the Expence by the Disbandment of 1,372 Invalids, whole Allowance, as Out Pensioners, amounts, for One Year, to - - - - 10,478 11 8

As also for Out Pensioners occasioned by the Reduction of the Forces, who may he found qualified for the Provision of the Hospital, to the Amount of about - 2,021 8 4

£. 25,000 ——

January 24th, 1711. - . —

/. Graggs.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Sir Bazill Dixw Baronet, Deputy Lieu-

tenant of Dover Castle, and Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir William Honey wood, and Sir

Baronets; Matthew Aylmer and William Brockman Esquires; on behalf of themselves, and other Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

Vol. 18.

That by an Act, passed in the 12th and 13th Years of the late King William, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, a Duty -of 3 d.per Ton was laid upon all Vessels, from Twenty to Three hundred Tons, passing the reby, for Nine Years, to raise Thirty thousand Pounds: That, the said Term not being sufficient, another Act passed in the Second Year of her late Majesty Queen Ann, for continuing the said Duty for Fourteen Years: That the said Term being jult expiring, and there wanting still a further Sum to preserve what is already done, and to perfect the said Work; w'hich will be entirely destroyed, if further Care be not taken: And praying, That a Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Term.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Norris, Sir Tho.

Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Colo-

nel Fane, Mr. Heysham, Mr. London, Lord Sonds, Mr. Duckminique, Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Treby, Mr.

M r. Arabic, Lord Castlecorner, Mr. Ptumptre, Sir Tho.

Johnson, Mr. Norris, Mr. Milner, Sir Bryan Broughton,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Yctnge, Colonel Admiral Wager, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Samuel Lennard, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Powlett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Chetxcynd, Mr. Conyers, Lord Middleton, Mr. Brodrick, General Carpenter,

Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Lade, Sir Richard Mr.

Drew, Mr. Halsey; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffer; and the Cinque Ports, and Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition and Representation of the Mayor, Jurats, Dov*r and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Do- N«r. ver, for repairing the said Harbour, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Parliament, in 1700, having had a true State laid before them of the then dangerous Condition of Dover Harbour, and of the great Usefulness of it when in Repair, did pass an Act for its Repair, by laying a small Duty on Tonage, only on such Ships as passed by, to, or from, the said Harbour, as were capable of being secured by it: In few Years after, the Produce of the said Act made for Nine Years, was found to fall short of what it was computed at; thereupon a liibsequent Act was made, enlarging the Time Nine Years more; and although the Money arising by the said Acts hath been constantly applied for the Care of Dover Harbour, yet the Wars havelo considerably lessened even the Sum proposed as necessary, that the Money raised, and already expended towards making this a commodious Harbour, will be finely loft, unless the said Duties, which expire in May next, be furl her continued, or other provision made for the Completing and Preserving of it;

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill either to continue the present Duties, or otherwise to provide for the effectual Repair and Preservation of a Harbour lo necessary for the Security of Trade, and Benefit of the whole Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Petition of Sir Bazill Dirwell,

Baronet, Deputy Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir and Sir Thomas D'Aeth, Baronets; Matthew Aylmer and William Brockman Esquires; on behalf of themselves, and other Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover j was referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine how the Monies raised by th6 former Acts for the Repair of the said Harbour have been applied.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, Opening Merchants, and Principal Traders in the Woollen. Manufacture, of the City of Exeter, on behalf of themselves, lor "°

8 N and

690 2 5° —

and many Thousands in and about the said City employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Woollen Manufacture is the principal Employment of the Petitioners, and others; and the only Support of the poorer Sort in and about the said City: That by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King and Queen

Mary, the Port of Ext:ter was left open, and free for the Importation of Irish Wool; but, by the Act of the Fourth and Fifth of their said Majesties Reign, the said Port was lhut up, and the Importation of Irish Wool confined to the Northern Ports; of which the nearest to Exeter is distant Forty Miles from thence; by which means the Petitioners Trades are decayed, and the poorer Sort cannot live; all which Inconveniences, the Petitioners humbly represent, will be remedied by opening again the said Port of Exeter for the Importation of Irish Wool: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening the said Port of Exeter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool from Ireland: And that Mr. Drew, Mr. , Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Treby, Sir William Pole, Mr. neux, and Mr. Carteret, d6 prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and

Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Shepperdfou’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-Mate. able Ralph Shepperdson Esquire, to make Sale of his Estate

in Studley Roger, in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Shepperdson % Marriage Settlement; and to settle his Estate at East Murton, in the County of Durham, to the same Uses: To which the Lords aefire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Call of Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday

Ae House. Sevennight

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Maidenhead A Bill for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Roads. Bridge, to Sunning-lane End, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Bridge, in the County of Berks; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Cado-gan, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Lord Wm.

Pawlett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Treby, Mr. Roumey, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Packer, Mr.

Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Earl, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Seville, Mr. Cater, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Sir Gilbert Heath-

cote, Sir Richard Farington, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Smith, Mr. Milner, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Diston, A|r. Lade, Mr. Halsey, Mr. London, Mr. Ward, Mr Mr. Bailie, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Mr. North, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Wm. Pole, General Wroth, Mr. Mr.

Brodrick, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. England', and all that serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Minors in- Resolved, That tills House will, upon this Day Seven-la night, take into Consideration the Clause in the Act, of m er*' the Seventh and Eighth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament} and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members; which declares, That any Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, is incapable of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament

Coinage of Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-Cuineas. jog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

*5

Januarii. 1717.

House, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Gold and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole SUvar Coius. House, to consider of Methods to prevent the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Toqch Warden of the Goldsmiths Company, and the Allay mailer of do,

upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Forces to be Regulating continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for Payment of phn*c^od the said Forces, and of their Quarters; and for punish- c ing Mutiny and Desertion; be read a Second time upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Farrer acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That all Vacancies, which shall happen in the Troops upon the British Establishment, be supplied by Half- pay Officers, or Officers reduced, in Great Britain, of the same Rank, except in the Horse and Foot Guards, and Horse Grenadiers.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That all Vacancies, which shall happen in the Troops upon the British Establishment, be supplied by Half-pay Officers, or Officers reduced, in Great Britain, of the same Rank, except in the Horse and Foot Guards, and Horse Grenadiers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer also reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move) That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P a a r e a s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shepperctfoo’* to enable Ralph Shepperdson Esquire, to make Sale Rflat*. of his Estate in Studley Roger, in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Shep-perd/oris Marriage Settlement; and to settle his Estate at East Murton, in the County of Hurham, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Ad- Answer t* drefc of Saturdaylaft, That all Vacancies, which shall hap- Addrefk. peu in the Troops upon the British Establishment, may be

Supplied

4 Geo. I.

27° Jamarit.

691

supplied by Half-pay Officers, or Officers reduced, in Great Britain, of the same Hank, except in the Horse and Foot Guards, and Horse Grenadiers, hath been presented to his Majesty; and that he was commanded by his Majesty to acquaint the House, That Orders will be given pursuant to their Address; his Majesty being desirous, on all Occasions, to contribute, as far as in him lies, to the Ease of his People.

Evl of An ingrafted Bill for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's

Ranelagh’s £state at Chelsea and Cr in the Counties of at*‘ dlesex and Berks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the late Earl of Ranelagh's Estate at Chelsea and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preventing An ingrafted Bill for the further preventing Robbery, Robberies, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons; was read the Third time Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act? for the further preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Opening Wit.Drew presented to the House, according to Order,

Exeter Port a Bill for opening the Port of , for the Importation

for W00L of Wool from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Enft Grin* A Bill for amending the Roads from the City of Lon* Roads, don to the Town of Eafi. Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nicholas Carew, Mr. Halsey, Sir Colonel Bladen,

Mr. Stanhope, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Baker, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Bailie, Mr. London, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Diston, Mr. Ileysham. Colonel MoreSir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr.

Earl, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Western, Mr. Mr.

Chomley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clayton, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Richard Sir

John Eyles, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir John Norris, Mr.

'Sit.Eden, Mr Northey, Mr Mr Mr.

Ash, Sir. England, Mr. Law Jon, Mr. Inge, General Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Gvyn, Mr. Newland, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Hill, Mr. Har-dress, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Harvey, Lord Hinchingbroolt, Sir Leum, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Morice, Mr. Peirce, Mr. Gtiidot, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Cha. Cook, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Currance, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Pringle, Lord Powlett, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Colmore, Sir John Trevylyan, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Wm. Johnstone, Mr.

Wrightson, Mr. Monson, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Sir

Edward Turner, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Denton; and all that serve for the Counties of Surry, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dealers in A Bill for Relief of the Wholesale Traders and Dealers Bone-lace, in English Bone-lace, by obviating several Doubts in the AQ, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

VeL. 18.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, Plantation and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of Lon- ^on*w®r^4» don, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more concerned in the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the War in the Baltick, the importing Iron directly from, Sweden is become impracticable; which obliges the Traders therein to import it at Second hand, at excessive Prices; to the great Discouragement of that Manufacture; to the Prejudice of the poor Manufacturers thereof; to the lessening of that Trade, and Hindrance of our Navigation: That, as there are large Quantities of Iron-ore, and other Materials for making Iron in his Majesty’s Plantations of New England, Pensilvania, Virginia,

Maryland, See. his Majesty’s Subjects may be supplied from thence with large Quantities, provided Encouragement was given to begin this Undertaking: And praying.

That Encouragement may be given to such as are willing to lay out Sums of Money for ereQing Iron-works in those Colonies.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: And report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Dockminique,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wm.Dairies, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr.

Gold, Sir Cha. Cook, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Wyld,

Mr. Ward, LordCastlecomer, Mr. White, Lord Guernsey,

Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Liddall, Brigadier Stuart, Colonel Morton, Sir John Norris, Sir Tho.

Johnson, Sir Fran. Leicester, Sir Rich. Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Yonge, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Diston, Colonel Bladen,

Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Morice, Mr.

Earl, Mr. Eden, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lawson, Mr.

Hedworth, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Sir Tho. Sebright, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Archer, Mr. Stuart, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Colemer, Mr. Bond, Sir Johnstone, Mr. Norris, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Trenchard, Lord Dotcne, Mr. Bromley, Lord Hairy Powlett, Mr. Lade, Mr. Halsey, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, Stafford, Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, and Derby and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay America® before this House an Account of the Premiums paid for Naval Stores* Naval Stores imported from America for Five Years, ending at Christmas last.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Ditto. Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That a Report made by the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to Naval Stores imported from America, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay American before this House an Account of what Quantities of Pitch and Tar, imported from America, have been bought for Tar‘ the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, for Five Years, ending at Christmas last; with the Prices paid for the said Commodities respectively.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, who were to consider

further

6$2 a8‘

further of the Supplygranted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerks Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be intitled to Half-pay, who was a Minor, under the Age of Sixteen Years, at the time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced.

Refclvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be intitled to Half-pay, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall be intitled to Half-pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Chaplain of any Garison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice, or other Preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be intitled to Half-pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be intitled to Half-pay, who hath religned his Commission, and has had no Commission since.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Half-pay shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been other wile intitled to the same as reduced Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Half-pay shall not be allowed to any of the Officers of the Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Eight Regiments of Foot, lately difoanded in Ireland, except to such as were taken off the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Half-pay, for the Year 1718, upon Account, to the reduced Officers of his Majesty s Land Forces, and Marines.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Duties on next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoje House, Malt. upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718.

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrcr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrev reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Januariu 1717.

Martis, 28° die "Januarii \

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Buckingham presented to the House, according Reading, & to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways from Road*. Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfeiland in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Bafngstoke, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens and Community of the Drawback o* Shoemakers within the City of Hereford, w-as presented Leather, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is of very pernicious Consequence to the Manufacturers, and poor Workmen, who are in a deplorable Condition for want of Employ, and chiefly for want of Leather; it being bought up by the Merchants to fend aw ay; and, by reason of the Drawback, they have great Encouragement to fend away great Quantities of Leather, which they pack up close for Exportation; which commonly makes it weigh One-fifth Part more than when it is bought dry from the Tanner; so that the Drawback is a great I.ofs to the King’s Duty, and foreign Countries supplied with our heft Leather at cheaper Rates than us:

And praying, That the Drawback allowed upon Leather exported may be taken off, and Irish Hides and Calves-skins may be allowed to be brought in.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, F.aft Grin-Farmers, Maltsters, Grafiers, Owners of Hop-grounds, ^ea<* Itoa4. Shopkeepers, Stage Coachmen, Waggoners, Carters,

Carriers, Fishermen, Higglers, and others, residing and inhabiting io that Part of the County of lying and

being in the Rapes of Pevenfey and Hajlings, whole Business and Affairs hourly and daily call and oblige them to go to the City of London; to which Place the neared Road lies through the several Towns and Parishes of East Grinstead, Godstone, Croyden, Stretham, and Newington; whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners understanding, that several Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen of the Parishes in the County of Surry, near and adjoining to the said City of London, have lately presented a Petition to this honourable House, for the bringing in a Bill for the repairing and making good the Roads leading from thence to the said Town of Croydon, and other adjoining Parishes and Towns: And praying, That they may be freed and exempted from any Charge that may be occasioned thereby; and that they, with their Coaches, Waggons, Carts, Carriages, Horses.Oxen, Sheep,

Cattle, and other tilings, may have Liberty to pass and repass, as usual, to and from London.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; is committed.

A Petition of the Portreeve, and other Principal Inha- Woollen Habitants of the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of nufacture. Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by reason of vast Quantities of Wool and Yam continually run from Ireland to France; and also by reason of the continued Importation into those Parts of great Quantities of Irish Worsted, under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, which is rendered at Four Pence a Pound cheaper than ’tis possible to be made by their poor Labourers; and will in a little time, if not redrefied, which, ' the Petitioners apprehend, will be, in a great measure, remedied by making the Port of Exon free and open for the Importation of Wool from Itake away the heft and chiefest Means they have of subsisting their Poor:

And praying to be relieved.

Ordered,

4 Geo. I.

28° Janw

695

Ordered, That the fiud Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint , in

the County of Cornwallis referred.

Woollen A Petition of the Stuffmakers, Clothworkers, 8$c. of the Manufe&ure. Qty of Bristol, and Places adjacent thereunto, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in and about the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and.read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have employed several Thou-fend poor People in the Woollen Manufactory: That Wool hath been so scarce and dear, that they are rendered tlncapable to purchase such Quantities as is required to keep the Poor folly employed; which Evil is occasioned by fending Wool to France, &c. unwrought, from this Kingdom, as well as Ireland: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred;

'Ditto. ' A Petition of the Weavers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, in and about the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have, for many Years pad, maintained themselves, and Families; but are now rendered uncapable, occasioned by their Mailers not employing them as usual; which, they say, is for want of Wool; great Quantities being lent from this Kingdom, as well as Ireland: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

Ditto: A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital

Burgesses, and also of the Merchants, and others, trading in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Borough of Barnstaple, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That great Quantities both of Wool and Worded have been clandestinely exported to France; but especially from Ireland; so that our neighbouring Nations are fornished with Wool cheaper than ourselves: That great Quantities of Irish Worded is entered as Bay and Woollen Yarn; whereas ’tis really Worded; so that, if a Stop be not put thereto, the Combers and Spinners in England will want Employment: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, is referred.

Cloth Mr. Booth reported from the Committee, to whom

Button* and the Petition of the Taylors, Buttonsellers, Throwfters, B«tton-hol . Twiders, Dyers, Spinners, Buttonmakers, and others, living in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, concerned in the Manufactures of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others employed therein, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for employing the Manufacturers of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, it is Enacted, That no Taylor, or other Person, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall make, fell, or set on any Cloaths, or wearing Garments whatsoever, any Button or Button-holes made of Serge, Drugget, or any other Stuffs, of which Cloaths, or wearing Garments, are usually made of, under the Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Doaen of Button or Button- holes, so made, fold, or set on; and in like Proportion for a lesser Quantity; one Moiety to - Von. 18.

her Majesty, the other to the Prosecutor; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information , or upon Complaint to any Two Justices of the Peace, who are to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath.

That the Petitioners produced Witnesses to prove tire Deficiency of the said Act, and' the Difficulties and' Hardships they suffer thereby: And, fird,

John Baker, an Attorney, said, That he had been employed by the Buttonmakers in Eight several Actions against Taylors, for making Cloth, Serge, or other Buttons and Button-holes, contrary to the said Act; but could never convict more than one Person; and then the Jury gave a Verdict but for Fifteen Pounds, though the Action. was for One hundred Pounds; which was proved at the Tryal; and was often nonsuited for want of Witnesses, who were either bought off, or absconded; so as not to be found when the Cause should be heard.

Mr. John Metcalf, Attorney, said, He has been employed by the Buttonmakers in prosecuting several Offenders against the said Act, before the Justices of the Peace; but could not get Two of them together; and very few care to act therein: That he applied himself to Mr. Justice Con* Clerk for a Warrant against an Offender, having his Witnesses ready; and the Clerk said, His Master would not grant his Warrant, nor act in Affairs of that Nature.

Mr. Newman, a Wholesale Buttonseller, said, He attended Mr. Justice Hungerford and Mr. Justice Sanders Three or Four Months, in order to put the said Act in Execution; and Mr. Hungerford offered his Assistance; yet he could not get the Two Justices together; and very few will act therein: That he has also prosecuted at Law. upon the said Act; but, before he could come to Tryal, his Witnesses could not be found.

Then the Petitioners proceeded to prove the Loss of their Trades.

Mr. Edward Keep, Buttonseller, said, That he had followed that Trade for 25 Years, and employed abundance of Persons in making of Needle-wrought Buttons, and the Materials of Silk and Mohair wherewith they are made: That, for Two Years lad pad, he has not fold Half the Quantity of Buttons he used to do; so that he has been forced to turn off Half the Work-folks he before employed} and can impute this Loss of Trade to no other Cause than a Practice Taylors have newly taken up of making Cloth and Drugget Buttons and Button-holes, contrary to the said Act.

Mr. Newman affirmed what Mr. Keep had said.

And there were several other Buttonsellers, and Buttonmakers, attended the Committee, who gave the like Evidence. t

Tho. Pickering, Taylor, said, He has loft near Half his Trade, because he will not make Cloth and Drugget Button-holes, contrary to the said Act; which others do privately: That he used to employ 16 or 20 Men about this time of the Year; and now Eight do his Work.

Lawrence Anderton, Taylor, said, That, in March lad, he was so ill, that he could not follow his Bufinefe; and gave Orders to his Foreman not to make any Cloaths contrary to the said Act; yet he made several Suits privately for himself, and thereby got many of s

bed Customers from him, though he paid him Wages at the same time.

Tho. Bolton, Taylor, said. That lad Week, Cloth was fetched from his House, because he would not make Cloth Buttons; and that he saw the same on his Customer’s Back with Cloth Buttons the next Day.

Edward Keep said, That George Halstead and Dixon, Taylors, have removed into the Fleet; and these carry on the Trade of making Cloaths with Cloth Buttons and Button-holes.

Peter Johnson, Taylor, said, That Benjamin Badger, a

Taylor, now living in the Mintold him, He kept 16 Men at Work} and feme of Badger's Men, who have since wrought with Johrfon, told him, Badger's Work chiefly was in making Cloaths with Cloth Buttons and" Button-holes.

8 O That

Preferring

branded

Ships.

Drawback on Cyder exported.

ffunning French Brandy, See.

Ditto.

694

28° Jattu

A.

That many other Taylors attended, -who spoke to the like Purpose.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Booth, Sir George Warburton, Mr. Heysham, Sir William Pole, and Mr. Strangwaies, do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Sir Arthur Kay reported from die Committee, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, of die Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Preferring of all such Ships, and Goods thereof which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions; was committed: That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which tiiey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of die Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for several Years palt, great Quantities of Cyder and Perry have been made and bought in this and other Cities and Counties for Exportation; to the great Advantage of die Petitioners, and the Nation in general, by improving the Trade and, Navigation of this Kingdom: That the Exportation thereof hath been very much discouraged, by several Pro-fecudons lately commenced in the Court of Exchequer, for a Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead, against the Exporters thereof; the Discouragement to the Exportation is of great Prejudice to the Petitioners, as also to Trade and Navigation, as to his Majesty’s Revenues: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is committed.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkc/biiry, in the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Malt-trade, in and about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of that Town chiefly corififts in Malting; they have of late Years found a great Decay in their Business, by the Discouragement the Di (tilling of malted Corn lies under; French Brandy, and other foreign Spirits, being clandestinely run, and fold lb cheap, that it very much leficns the British Dif-titlery; whereby the Government is not only deprived of a large Revenue, but the Corifumption' of the Product of our Land very much lessened: And praying, That the Running of foreign Spirits may be prevented by such Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, be brought in.

A Petition of the Maltsters, Distillers, and other Trades-men, of the City of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves,

and others of the same 'Bilfih'efe, as vpell as of W Occupiers of Lands ih and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Fnghsk Distillery raises a great Revenue to the' Crown: Thai the Landed Interest is also very much advanced by the-Consumption of its Products, hot only in Malt, but very great Quantities of Perry and Cyder, which wduld otherwise bfe of so little Value, that the Improvement by Planting would be very much neglected; but, of late Years the Consumption of them is considerably lessened by the great Quantities of French Brandies, and other foreign spirits, daily run, and fold so very cheap, as to discourage this useful Manufacture; to the great detriment of Trade and Hufbahdry: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Connderation, and prevent the growing Evil.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, be brought in.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders, In- ClanM* habitants of the City of Bristol, was presented to the Running «r House, and read; setting forth, That the Running of so- Good*' reign Commodities is 1b much increased, that most Parts of the Kingdom are filled with several Species of them; these Practices, by reason of the high Duties upon almost every Commodity regularly imported, lay his Majesty’s Subjects under such Disproportion in Trade, that the fair Merchant and Tradesman must inevitably be ruined:

That the Smuggling-trade is, by Experience, found to" chain the Kingdom of the Coin, and likewise hinders the Consumption of the Product of our Lands: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preventing the clandestine Running- of . Goods, be brought in.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Antwerp Addrefe of Yesterday, That a Report, made by the Addr'li-Lords Conrimissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to Naval Stores imported from America, might be laid before this House, hath been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty hath been pleased to give Directions,

That the same be done accordingly.

Mh Fairer, according to Order, reported, from the ways Committee of the whole House, who were , to consider fur- and Means, ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were read; and are as follow'; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the' forfeited Estates vested iu his Majesty, by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors,-and 1’bpifh Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses': in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Public; after all Claims and Demands thereupon shall be determined, be fold.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^,

That the net Produce of the said Estates, after Allowance and Satisfaction of all just and lawful Claims thereupon, be applied towards the Discharge of the publick Debts of the Nation.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all the forfeited Estates veiled in his Majesty, by. virtue of an Act, intituled.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and Popish Reculauts; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; in order to raile Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick; after all Claims and Demands thereupon ftmll be determined, be fold.

The'Second Resolution being, read a Second time;

An

Half-yearly Payment of Dividends.

forfeited E dates.

Coinage of Guineas.

(jrEO. t.

695

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thejrppfr {hefe Words, " and ;to* 44 wards erecting Schools in' the Highlands of And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hoofe.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the net Produce of the said Estates, after Allowance and Satisfaction of all just and lawful Claims thereupon, be applied towards the Discharge of the publick Debts of the Nation, and towards eroding Schools in the Highl&qds of Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Farrer, the Lofd William lett, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Carter, Mr. Treby, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and other Proprietors in the subscribed Lottery Annuities', and diher Ari(unties established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them;- which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, upon Examination of several Witnesses, d» find,

That the Transfer-books of the South Sea Company have continued shut, to prepare for a Dividend, usually Seven Weeks, but sometime Eight:

That the Proprietors of that Stock are supposed to be above 6,000 to 7,000 Persons:

That the Dividends on South Sea Stock are made hall-yearly:

That the Proprietors of Lottery Annuity Stock arc above 13,000 to 14,000 Persons:

If therefore Seven Weeks are necessary for preparing the Dividend Warrants on the South Stock, twice that time is necessary for that Purpose on the Lottery Annuity Stock; lb that no time at all remains for transferring, on this Supposition, if the Dividends continue to be made quarterly:

But, supposing it possible to prepare the Lottery Annuity Warrants in Ten Weeks tinfe, there will then remain but Three Weeks time in each Quarter for Transfers; which is exceeding short, considering the great Number of Proprietors:

That the Proportion of Capital Stock, being the Produce of Tallies of Sol, which, when completed, will amount to upwards of 900,000l. more; and also the Produce of the unsubscribed Orders, amounting to upwards of 300,0001, more> are not allowed for in the aforegoing Scheme; the said Scheme being made only upon the Proportion of Capital, being the Produce of subscribed Lottery Orders, and Bankers Assignments.

Ordered, That Leave be' given td bring in a Bill for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities establishdd by ah A£fc of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christmas last: And that Mr. Morice and Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Reports laid before this House by the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Estates forfeited by the late Rebellion.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference Vol. IS.

in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Conppit&e; , . 1 -

j Ordered, ThatMr. Attorney General do -take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, That fiieyTiad made feme Progress in the Bill; and that they had {lire&ed him to move, That they may have Leave to nt again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next! resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hodfe, to cpnfider further of thfe laid Bill.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next,'at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to cohfider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Goid and Silver Coins of this Kingdom! ,

Ordered, That {he Officers of the Mint do attend the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Touch-warden of the Goldfiniths Company, and the Assay-matter at Goldsmiths-hall, do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pra'jters.

A, Ningrafted Bill, from the Lords,; intituled, An Act Jt\. for vetting divers Lands and Tenements, in the County of Suffer, Part of the Estate of Charles Eversfeild Esquire, in Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son; and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Eversfeild; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wrightfm, Sir Fisher Tench, Mr. Herne, Mr. Hal-

fey, Mr. Lade, Mr! Rudge, Mr. Godfrey, Sir Wheate,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Samuel Leona Mr. Sir John

Bland, Sir Tho. Palmer, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Foley, Mr. H Mr.

Bruere, Sir Justinian I shark, Mr. Sir

Dovers, Mr. Earl, Mr. Fleming, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Newland, Mr. Hutch son,

Sir Richard Faringfon, Mr. Inge, Mr. Guidott, Mr.

Hiingerford, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Orflaw, Mr.

West, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Fumefe, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr- Dochniniaue, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Hucks,

Sir John Norris, Mr. Cater, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir

Cooke, Mf. Ward,. Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Longuevilk,

Sir John Eytes, Mr. Elford, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Tre-vanion, Mr. Greyile,. Mr. Corrance, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Haroey, Mr. Rolt, Sir Peter Mew, Sir Robert Worjley, Mr. AnstMr. Booth, Mr

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffer, Starry,"and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Eive a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

EversfeUd'g

Estate.

Mr. Ai/labie, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Navy Debt.' acquainted the House, That there being some Mistakes in the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood the 31st of December 1717, which was presented to the House the 21st Day of January instant, the Commissioners had prepared a new Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy at Christmas 1717; distinguishing how much of the Remains in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands is applicable to the Payment of the Debt incurred for the Service of the Year 1717: And he presented the said Estimate to the House.

The Tide thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Navy

6y6

29° Januarii. 1717.

Navy Office,) An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter January 1717.,) mentioned, as it flood on the 31 December 1717.

HEADS *f the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear; Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, supplied for the Service thereof; including the Premiums of Naval Stores imported from the Plantations -

For the Freight of Tenders: as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards; for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1717; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to the Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

Seamens Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off since the late Resolution; which, per Estimate, may require the Sum of

To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31 December 1717.....- -

To discharge, and pay off, all the Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men llain at Sea, on the Head of Seamens Wages -

Victualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For Bills on their Course; and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; and for necessary and extra-necessary Money, and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, Xc.

Sick and Wounded: The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Tick and wounded Seamen lent on Ihore from his Majesty’s Fleet; and the Contingencies relating to the said Service -

Total - - - £.

PARTIC IULARS. TOTAL.

r Before this Reign. Since this Reign.

£ a d. £. s. d.

- 254,400 12 f

446 17 8 17,919 — 8,) 562,039 2 11

252,020

2,93315 — 34,318 17 — ->

96,922 111 30,890 3 4

4,600 — 195,168

) 334,593 18 8

7,013 13 5

81,810 18 5 12,348 12 6 j

« ' > 249,178 7 4

702 17 11 154,315 18 6 1

357 »8 8 6,259 5 9 6,617 4 5

187,774 9 7 964,654 3 9 1,152,428 13 4

Qha. W,

JtFawler.

J*. Acwor,

27to. Szvantotii

Cha. Sergi/on,

Memorandum:

o

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 3 of December 1717, in Money, Tallies, South Sea Stock, as undermentioned;

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy;

o

r

S° In what Treasurer’s Hands.

o*

Charles Cezfar Esquire -

Right honourable John A, Esquire -

InMONEY, TALLIES, and SOUTH SEA STOCK.

Memorandum: The Balance of Money, and Tallies, <^c.in the Hands of the Executors of Sir Thomas Littleton, late Treasurer of the Navy, over and above the Assignments made by the Navy Board oh the 31 December 1717, stood in this Office at More remaining in their Hands of Assignments, which had been made by the Navy Board on the said Treasurer, and do not appear to have been satisfied by him -

s. d.

6.853 14 9

3»9»9 *2 5

But Mr. Fran. Hawes, who was Cashier to the said Treasurer, has, on behalf of his Executors, certified to have formerly paid to the Lord Chief Baron, and to the Auditors of the Imprest, 8$c. for Fees and Allowances, for passing the Leidgers since the Year 1700, the Sum of -As also, that there has been paid, between the 31 ft October and 31st December 1716, by Warrants from the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, the Sum of -So there remains the Sum of -

10,773 7 2

4,945 17 3

4,068 8 6

) 9,oi4 5 9

i,759 5

C In Money I In

South Sea Stock

rIn Money In Tallies on Reversionary Annuities

0

S-

1

- - - on the Land Tax, Anno 1716 -

- - - on Annuities, at per Annum -

\ In Money towards the Debt for lick and hurt Seamen

Received, to complete the Proportions granted for the Year 1717, the Sum of

The net Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1717, is

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

£ S. d.

1,129 »9

7,939 5 1 loi 18 9$

13,868 18 —

On the Heads of

1,042 10 8

24,082 11 7

Seamens Wages.

602 14 8-J-9 u —

m 0

30,670 17 104-

n7 4 7

3L400 8 2|

Victuals.

d.

26 7 8

4 7 5t 31,18 9

8,608 — if

33 n — i

8,704 5

Remains in the Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to answer the hid Debt.

980-----

3,071 5 5,396 —

3,188 10

4

~3i)

12,635 15 7*

total.

£ s. <t.

L759 1 9,067 1

65^96 17 41

7M2S —

311,517

5t

nf

3^88,340 9 764,088 3

5 11

- — 1,152,428 13 4

4 GEOV I.

698 29° Januarii. A. 1717.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

American Mr. Chetwynd, from the Lords Commissioners of Trade

Naval Stons. plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Addrefe to his Majesty, a Representation to his Majesty from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Production of Naval Stores in America:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Representation be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousends more concerned in the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, is referred.

The laid Representation is bound up with the other . Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of the Premiums paid for Naval Stores imported from America \ and of what Pitch and Tar, imported from thence, has been bought for the Navy; with the Prices thereof; for live Years, ending at Christmas 1717:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousends more concerned in the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, is referred.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Kent-street A Bill for repairing the Highways leading from the Road». Stones End of Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George's,

Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in ' ' East Greenwich, near and to

Church, in Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Samuel Lennard, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Fane, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Inge, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Butler, Mr

bridge, Mr. West, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Earl, Mr. Bankes, Sir Tho. Wheate, Sir John NGeneral Wroth, Mr.

Cater, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Jorden, Sir John Ward, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Moric Mr. Halsey, Mr. Newland, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cocks, Lord Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lade, Sir Robert Fumefe, Sir Win. St. Quint in, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Cha.Cooke, Mr. Ward, Sir Hen. , Mr.

ville, Mr. Wrightson, Sir John Eyles, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Naylor, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Tho. , Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Wind for \ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, Kent, and Suffix: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Gyle*’ in A Petition oiDr.William Baker, Rector, Henry Wright, the Fields and Edward Liney, Churchwardens, as also of the Church. Vestry and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Gyles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish Church was built with Brick; and is now become very old and ruinous; and, by the Computation of Workmen, will cost Three thousand Pounds to put it into Repair: That, the Ground all about being higher, the Church lies lower than the Street by several Feet; and is thereby very damp and unwholsome; and this Inconvenience would remain, although the said Sum of 3,000l. should be laid out upon it; and can no-way be remedied, but by an intire new Building: That the said Parish pays annually, towards maintaining their Poor, 3,300l. at lead; so are in no Condition to repair, or rebuild, their said Church:

And praying, That their said Church may be One of the Fifty Churches appointed to be built by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael, ComhiU, London, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Craggs presented to the House, according to Or- Commis-der, a Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army: And my the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of the Grand Jury for the Borough of South- Grin. work, in the County of Surry, whole Names are thereunto ft«ad Roads, subscribed at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at the Town-hall of the said Borough, on the Third Day of January 1717, before the Right honourable Sir William LewinKnight, Ix>rd Mayor of the City of London,

and the Right worth ipful Sir William Thompson Knight,

Recorder of the same, and several other of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said Borough and County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That great vDamages and Inconveniences are sustained by means of the extreme Badnefe of the Roads leading to the Borough of Southwark from Kingston and Croydon, in the said County of Surry, and from Lewifham and Blackheaih, in the County of Kent, and other Places adjacent: And praying, That the House will give such Directions therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amend-' ing the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry; is committed.

Mr. Wilmer presented to the House, according to Or- Northamp-der, a Bill for supplying the Town of Northampton with ton J^ater* Water u And the same was received. wor *'

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for regulating the Forces to be continued in his Regaling Majesty’s Service; and for Payment of the said. Forces, the5 Land and of their Quarters; and for punishing Mutiny and Forces. Desertion j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoufS, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, fortbeNo-,}^Bmiur*- },7I.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

V

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to l,ppr‘ consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Ordered, That the Estimate of the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital, and Out-pensioners, for the Year 1718, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the new Estimate of the Debt of the Navy presented to the House this Day, be referred to the said Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

v

1

4*. J

4 Geo. I-

29* — 310 Januarii.

699

Mr. Speaker resumed foe Chair. the Matter, as it appeared %to them, and the Resolutions

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they of the Committee thereupon; which they had direfited had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which Report and Rcfolu-

him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That John

dons he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz:

That the Committee, having taken into Consideration the Allegations contained in the said Petition, do find. That by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present

Committees.

Thorold, of London^ Gentleman, hath, by Mr. Lleweltin, Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain all Waggoners, and Mr. John W}lfony his Attornies at Law, delivered Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with a Declaration in Ejeament to a Tenant of Sir Bryan more than Five Horses in Length, it is enacted, That no Broughton Baronet, a Member of this House, for Part Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriuge, shall be drawn, or of his Estate in the County of Suffolk; in Breach of the m any common or publick Highway or Road with Privilege of this House; -

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And

Morning,

Stoken-

church-hill-

Hoads.

above Five Horses in Length, under the Penalties of Five Pounds for every Offence:

That the Landholders and Farmers labour under very great Difficulties and Hardships in the Lois of their Cattle, and Damage of their Corn; and are not able to carry on their Business, and supply the Markets with Com, without the Assistance of another Horse; they then the House adjourned till Friday living at 8reat DUfcmces from the Market Towns which ming. Nine of the Clock. they used to supply with Corn:

That the Waggon-earners like wife suffer very much in

----- — their Cattle, by resifon of many Sloughs and Holes, through

T7- / which they are obliged to pals; so that they are not able

veneris, 31 die januar It \ . to carry on their Business, without another Horse to assist

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717. the Five in drawing the said Waggons.

The Committee nave also, pursuant to the Instrufition Praters. given them by this House, fofpected the Laws for repair-

A PETITION of the High Sheriff, Deputy Lieu- fog and amending the Highways, and the Laws relating tenant, Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, to Carriers and Waggoners; and to report their Opinion and other Inhabitants, of the County of Oxon, whole how the Highways may be better amended, and kept so Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Repair:

House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from Oxford and Worcester is, of late Years, become lb very ruinous, and out of Repair, from to

Anslcw-bridge, in the said County, that, notwithstanding the Inhabitants have constantly done their Days Works, it will, in a short time, become impassable; the mid Parishes

And have agreed to the several Resolutions following;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have folly made out the several Allegations contained in their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

not being able to keep the said Road so Repair: And That to restrain Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, from praying, That Leave may be riven to bring in a Bill for drawing with no more than Five Horses at Length, is the better repairing and amending the said Road. destruaive to Trade; and tends to the lessening the Rent

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Value of Lands; and to the great Impoveriftiing of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Farmers, Landholders, and Tenants, of England. the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, appear to them, to the House: That it will be for the general Good and Benefit of this

And it is referred to Sir Tho.Wheate, Mr. Mason, Sir Kingdom, That all Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, may Ww. Daines, Mr. Earl, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Cha. be drawn with Six Horses at Length, and no more;

except up such Hills in each County, as shall be respectively allowed by the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, and there entered.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, be drawn with above Five Horses within Fifteen Miles of London;

Turner, Mr. Drew, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Bampfyld, Mr.

Diston, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr. Cater, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Smith, Lord Alolejworth, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Gold, Sir Rich. Farington, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Cadogan, Mr.

Rynell, Sir nm. Pole, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Allanfon; and all the Gentlemen that serve for the

Counties of Oxford, Salop, Worcester, and Gloucester: except up Hills, to be allowed as aforesaid.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend That a General Surveyor be appointed by the Justices for Persons, Papers, and Records. of Peace, in every County, at the Michaelmas Sessions,

yearly; who shall be under the Order and Government Mr. Booth presented to the House, according to Order, a of the Sessions; and shall take care, that no Waggons, Manufacture. Bill for making more effectual an Afit, made in the Eighth Carts, or Carriages, be drawn with more than Six Horses Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An at Length; and, if any Person offend, that he inform Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging against him as the Law directs; and also to view all great the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn: And ' ' "

Raw Silk

Cloth

Buttons.

Number of Horses used by Waggoners.

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Wheate reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and travelling Waggoners, and other Landholders and Farmers, as also of divers Waggoners travelling

Roads; and to represent to the Justices at every Quarter -Sessions, upon Oath, which or what Part of them are not amended according to Law; and that the Justices shall order Prosecution against such as have neglefited their Duty therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Party taking any Horse for a Forfeiture shall not be obliged to deliver the Horse or Horses seized to

to several Parts of the Kingdom, was referred; and who the Officers of that Parish only, but to the Officers of were direfited to inspefit the Laws for the repairing and any Parish, or Village, within Two Miles where the amending the Highways, and the Laws relating to Car- Seizure is taken; but llill payable.over to that Parish. riers and Waggoners; and to report their Opinion how Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Highways may be better amended, and kept in Repair; That if any Person do hinder the seizing any Horse or Vol. 18. Horses

joa Janum ' 1717-

Horses for the Penalty, or use any Violence to the Party taking the fame, as abovesaid; or (Vifedl be aiding or SEflifting in hindering the seizing a Hoise or Hbrtes, or in rescuing such Seizure when taken,' or other Violence; shall forfeit Twenty Pounds; and be sent to the House of Correction i'or the Space of Three Months.

Resolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Penalty be laid on any Smith that shall make, or cause to be made, any Tire for any Travelling Waggon, Wain, or Carriage, for Hire, Wheels that shall not be of the full Breadth of Four Inches, and be made flat; or shall not set the same on with, or use therein, any rose-headed Nails: And if any Wheelwright, Carpenter, or other Workman, shall set on, or bind, any Wheel with a new Tire of a less Breadth than Four Inches, or not flat, or with role-headed Nails, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds; and every Person travelling with such Waggon, Cart, or Wain, shall forfeit....

The said llesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Thomas and Mr. Stevens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do provide, That all Waggons and Carts be obliged to go with a Thiller Horse, and without a Pole.

Drawback A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Community, on Leather. Qf Shoemakers within the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Duty upon Leather is of very pernicious Consequence to the Manufacturer; and the Poor are in a very deplorable Condition for want of Employ; and chiefly for want of Leather, it being bought up by the Merchants to fend abroad; and, by reason of the Drawback that is allowed to them, they have great Encouragement to fend away great Quantities of Leather, which they wet, and pack up close for Exportation; which commonly makes it weigh One-fifth Part more than when it is brought dry from the Tanner; the King defrauded of his Duty; and foreign Countries supplied with our bed Leather at cheaper Rates than us: And praying, That the Drawback allowed upon Leather exported may be taken off; and Irish Hides and Calvcs-lkins may be allowed to be brought in.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dr. Hoadley Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be given to thanked. Dr. Hoadley, for the Sermon by him preached before this N House Yesterday at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Yonge, the Lord William Pcnvlett, and Mr. Minjhull, do acquaint

him therewith.

Leave of Ordered, That the honourable Hcmy Esquire

Absence. have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Shepperd- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fun's Mate, to enable Ralph Shepperdfon Esquire to make Sale of his

Estate in Studley Roger, in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph s

Marriage Settlement; and to settle his Estate at East Mur ton, in the County of Durham, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Wilmer, Sir Mr. Peirce, Mr.

Treby, Lord Wm. Paiclet, Mr. Yonge, Mr.

Mr. Neville, Mr. Winstanl Sir Tho. Palmer, Colonel Cadogan, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Calmady, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Inge, Mr. Papitlon, Mr. Mafoh, Mr. Eden, Mr. Conyers, Sir Wm. Robnifon, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Hedrcorth, Mr. Heyflfhm, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Windsor, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Geoffrey Palmer, Mr. Wrightson, Mr

Mr. HuteheJ'on, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hacks, Mr Ha fey, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Serjeant Mead,

Mr. Fade, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Digby, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr.

*3

England, Mr Drew, Mr. Wiljbtt, Mr. Thampfm^Colonel

Grdhame, Lord Daimte; and all that serve for the Counties of York and Durham:And they are to meet tbie Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That John Codrington Esquire, in Custody of Defaulter to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for negtading Call of the to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of House. Custody, paying his Fees.

A Bill for supplyine the Town of Northampton with Northamp-Water, was read the First time. tonWater-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. works.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Articles of Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- War. tions to the proper Officer to lay before this House the Articles of War now in being for the better Government of the Army.

Ordered, That the said Address be. presented to' his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importa- Opening tion of Wool from Ireland, was read a Second time. Exeter Port

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee for Wo°1-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider what other Ports are proper to be opened for the Importation of Wool from Ireland:

And that they have Power to receive Clauses accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs,' or feme of them, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to Forfeited Order, a Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Estates. Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the extraordinary Charge of the Royal Hospital, and Out-pensioners, for the Year ‘

1718, over and above the Poundage, and Days Pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred sixty-five thousand Three hundred Seventeen Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the extra Repairs of the Navy for the Year 1718.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole Gold and House, to consider of Methods for preventing the W’afte Silver Coins, of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fai'rcr reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had direfiled him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt*

Ways and Means.

Coinage of Guineas.

Briftcl Poor,

Committees.

Forfeited

Estates,

Exporting

4 Geo. I.

31* Januarii. — 1 Februarii.

*jot

ing next, resolve itself into' a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Methods for preventing the Waite of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum|. Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718; ,

A Petition of the Mai tilers living in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorsetwhofe Names are there*

unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in the petty Towns and Villages in the Neighbourhood of Bridport, there are several Persons that make great Quantities of Malt for Sale; and feme of them make weekly, for Sale, as much Malt, or more, as any of the Petitioners do; and, by reason the Malt they so make is not so conilantly and carefully forveyed and gauged as the Petitioners Malt is, or for some other Rea-fons, unknown to the Petitioners, they are enabled to under-fell, and do under-fell, their Malt, and at lower: Rates and Prices than the Petitioners can afford to fell; to the neat Decay and Hurt of their Trade; and to the

Kt Detriment of his Majesty’s Duty: And praying Relief as the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for conti* nuing the Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt,.. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718.

Ordered \That the Commissioners of the Excise, or some of them, do attend the said Committee upon Wed-nefdayMorning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Jordan, Mr. Lowther, Mr. p haling, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Ben fan, Mr. White, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better explaining the A$s patied for Erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Br for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Acts more effectual; is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

to the House,'and read ,* setting forth. That, for feme Years past, vidt Quantities of Oak-baric hath been exported out of this Kingdom in to Irelandwhere no Duty-

is paid for Leather; to the great Difedvantage of the.

Petitioners, and Dealers in English Leather; and, if not' prevented, mult inevitably deftnoy the Leather-trade:

And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be pro- bibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ue upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the Town and Borough Exporting of Cardiff', in the County of Glamorgan, on the behalf of **. ' themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather; which is one of the principal Manufactories of this Kingdom: '

That, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, our English Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tannkig: ’

And praying, That the Statute relating to Bark may be revived; and explained; and that the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sabbatic i# die Februarii;

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

SIR Henry Houghton, from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the forfeited Estates, presented to the House an Abstract of the Claims on the forfeited Estates in Scotland, contained in the Commissioners Report to the Parliament:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in Boston, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented Vol. 18.

A. Petition of the Tanners in Soutkivarlc, in the County Ditto, of Surr'ey, and Places adjacent, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Oak-bark is exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland; to the great Prejudice of the Tanning-trade; and, for divers Years past,. there hath been great Quantities of Irijk Hides imported into Great Britain; and then the Peti-.tioners, having the Addition of such Irish Hides added to their Home-llaughter, were in a much better Capacity to improve their Trade than now they are; Ireland, paying no Duty, supply foreign Markets at a much cheaper Rate than we can: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Ditto. County of Denbigh, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is a very great Prejudice to > the Tanning-trade of this County to export Oak-bark into another Kingdom, where no Duty is paid to his Majesty for Leather; and if the Exportation thereof be not prevented, or a Duty laid on Irish Leather, equivalent to that in Great Britain, the Petitioners, and many Thousands more, must soon quit that Employ: Ana praying such Relief therein as to this honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Ditto City of York, on behalf of themselves, and others, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and', if the chief Ingredient for tanning the fame, which is Oak bark, be differed - to be exported into Ireland where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the English Trade mult come to Ruin: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Ditt®. City of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and others, fife, setting forth, That, for feme Years past, vast Quantities ' of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland; where no Duty is paid to his Majesty for

Leather; to the great Disadvantage of the Petitioners; and, if not timely prevented, must in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade: And praying the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the Town of Monmouth, - Ditto, and Places at^acent, on behalf of themselves, and others,

fc. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, hat the Exportation of English Bark is so prejudicial to 8 Q the

by

70$ i9iF$bruariL 1717.

fee EngM/lt Tirade »Lgateer, that, unkfe a.$eedjr Course W taken to presaptit, the Trade nauftbe utteely

loft, and our Bktesand Skim not woirlh tanning in -land; That by the Statute of King the First, it

vu Enacted, That no Person shall! engross any oaken Bade to fell again; which said Statute is now of little; Use: And praying, That so much of the said Statute aa relates to Bark may be revived, and explained; and the Exportation of Bark be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Exporting A Petition of the Tanners, Le*ther-drcffers, and Cat*

B«k' ten of Leather, in the Town and Borough of

aa also of the Town and Borough of Plymptan, both in the County of Deem, in the behalf of themselves, and others, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That great Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported from these Parts into Ireland, where there is no Duty on Hides; our Country, which formerly supplied Cornwall, and; some Part of is now lb near

drained, that we have not a Sufficiency left-to carry on our Trade: A good Law was made against Oalhing of Hides and Skins in the Flaying; but the Forfeitures are lb inponliderable, that it is, in a manner, ineffectqal; and also, by wrather Statute, the Engrossing of oaken Bark to fell again was forbid; but are made of no Effect, by the Act of ibme cunning People; And praying, That k> much of the said Statutes may be revived, and morg effectually put in Force; and that the Exportation, of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Tanners of Hides and Skins-in the Boroughs of Laumq/lon and Newport, in the County of Cornwall, on the behalf of themselves, and others of the- Leather-trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Bark

is of lo great Detriment and Prejudice to the Tanning-trstfe of tins Kingdom, that, unlei’s a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade tnuft inevitably be ruined; if the ingredients; for tanning the same be exported info other Countries* our English, Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England; and a good Law was made against the Engrossing of oaken Bark; but the same; by the Contrivance of designing People, is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the Exportation of Back mgy, be prohibited* _

OrderediJSSani the said Petition do lie upon the Table* -

Ditto. A Petition, of the Tanners in and Wot ton under

Edge, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8$t. was presented to the Hqufe, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of EngH/h Bark is; so preju-> dicial to the Engl'Jh Trade in Leather, that, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, our EngH/h Hides and Skins will not be worth tanning in England; By the Statute of King James the First, it was Eaacted, That no Person footed engrpfe any oaken Bark to fell again; which feid Statute is now of little Use; And praying That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table.

Ditto* A Petition ,of the Tanners in the County of

on behalf of themselves, and others, 8Cc, was prpfented to the House, and read setting forth, That the Exportation of, Ertglish B&xk is, prejudicial to the English Trade ip Leather: That, unlefe a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, English Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning; and, by the Statute of King Jamestbe First* it was Enacted, That no Person should-engrofe any oaken Bark to fell again; which laid Statute is now, of ,little Use: And praying. That so, much, of the said Statute > as relates to Bark may be revived, and explained; and the Exportation of Bajrk be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Ditto. A Petition of the Tpnners of Drayton, in fee County of Salop, was presented *o the House, and read; setting forth, Tbft the Exportation of E Berk is of gmat Detriment to foe Tanning-trade: That, ualefe a foeedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; and if the chief Ingredient for Tanning be exported into other Countries, where no Doty is paid, our English Hides and Skins wifi not be worth the Tanning in England: A Law was made in the First Year of lung James the First; against the Engrossing of Bark to fell again, and Falling ef oaken Trees at umeafooabie Times of the Year; winch Law is now madeineffectual: And praying,

That so much of the Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of tee Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Exporting County of Mountgomery, and Borough. Towns therein. Bark, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark is prejudicial to the Petitioners, and other Dealers in Leather; and unlefe feme speedy Course be taken, to prohibit the Export thereof out of this Kingdom into another, where his Majesty receives; no Duty for Leather, the Petitioners will be obliged, in a little Time, to quit that Employ: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of tee Tanners, and other Dealers in Lea- Ditto., ther, within the Town of Shrewsbury, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is of so great Detriment to the Tan--ning-trade, that, unlds a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must be inevitably ruined; and if the prineipal Ingredient for tanning the same he exported into other Countries, where no Duty is paid, our English Hides and Skins will not be worth tanning in England: A Law was made i° James the First, against the Engrossing of English Bark to fell again; but the said Law is now made ineffectual: And praying, That lo much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived; and the Exportation thereof be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanaem of Hides and Skins in; Ditto,

in behalf of themselves, and others, 8Cc. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,. That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Duty isvpaid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, must, in- a little time, destroy the Leather-trade: And praying, That the House will, remove these Aggrievances, by prohibiting the Export of Bark.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table4

f ‘; '

A Petition of the Tanners^ of Hides and Skins in the Ditto. Corporation of Reading, in the County of Berks, on the behalf of themselves, and others, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bhrk hath hecn exported'into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade: That a Statute was made, in the First Year of King the First, against the Engrossing of Oak-bark, and Falling of oaken Trees at unseasonable. Times of the Year; but the said Law is now become of little Force: And praying. That to much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived; and that the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition d6 lie upon the Table'

A1 Petition of the Taonere, Leather-dressers; and Cut- Ditto*. ters of Leather, in the Town- and'Borough oi Uottness) as also of the Town and Borough of'JJhburton; both in De-eon, on the behalf of themselves, and Others, was presented to the-House, and read; setting forth,-That vast Qoantities'of Oak-barb hath been-expected fbom this Part of the Kingdom into Ireland, where there is no Duty on Hides;, to the great DifGOuragemenb of the Petitioners; and, foEfthe. better preventing the Galhing of Hides and

Skins

IPi.im/ lii ii«

4 Gao, I. i Fdmdyoj

- tbs Flaying, a Ltrivw*slml&‘«j|atoft the ftidte -; but the ForfeiturOs therein ArOfo infeftriflderAMes that It & in a taannfer ineffectual; and, bjr aribfoer Statute, the Engrossing of oaken Bark to feU again is forbid; bat, % the Art of foaoe People, those Laws ate made of rio Effect: And praying, That the Exportation df Dark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That ,the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

*P°_^ting A Petition of the Tabriers of Hides And Skins, and also

Bark* of the Curriers and Shoemakers living ih and hear the Corporation of Kendal, in the County of WeshhGt kmd, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That great Quantities of Oak-bark are yearly exported from the adjacent Northern Parts Of Ldncdshire info Ireland* whereby the Petitioners are already driven to the Nfeceffity of - paying Treble the Ratos for Bark they used to do before such Exportation of Bark; which if nottimely prevented, the Petitioners will be forced to leave their Trades: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie UpOri the Tdble.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tariners of Hides And Skins in thfe City of Chester wak preferred to the House, and read; letting forth, That for feme Years past; great Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Countty into Ireland, where ho doty is paid for Leather; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; and, if the principal Ingredient for tanning the same be suffered to go out of this Kingdom to tail Leather in another, it will destroy the English Trade in Leather: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the County of Huntington, on behalf of themselvfes, and others, 8$c. Was pFefented to the House, and read; felling forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Doty is paid for Leather; which if not timely prevented, mult, in a little time, destroy the Leather trade of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the feid1 Petition do'lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners in the Borough Of Pembroke, on' behalf of themselves, and others; Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation Of English Bark is prejudicial to the Trade in Lea-

ther: That, unlefe a' speedy Gourse be taken to prevent it, the Engl\Jh Trade will be Utterly loft, and our English Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning: That, by a Statute of King James the First, if-was Enacted, That n6 Person fttbuld1 ertgrofs any OakenBarkto fell again; which Statute is noW oPlittieUfe: And praying, That lb much of the Statute as relates to Bark' may be revived; and the Exportation of Bark be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

j)itt0< A Petition of the Tanners in the County of on

behalf of themselves, and others, <§c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That-the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the English Trade ih Leather; and, unlefe a speedy-Course-be taken to prevent it, the English Trade will be utterly loll; and-our Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning in England :By the Statute of King Janies the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken-Bark to fell again, or fall any oaken Trees at uufealonable Times of the Year; which fend Statute is now of little TJfe: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners in the Borough ofLeomnjler, and Places adjacent, in the County of Hereford, on behalf of themselves, and otliete, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English V Yol. 18.

'Bark is (b pfoJiKfitda* Tfodfe in Leather,

ttiatj tlrilfefek foeodjy COUrib ’bfe tAk^h to prevent it, the English Trade will be utterly loft, and our Hides arid Skirts ndt WOtth the Tanriing in England: That by the Statute of King James the First, it was enacted, That no Person should erigrofs Arty oaken Bark to fell again; which feid Staftrfe is how- of fittie Use: And prAying, TnAt thfe Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, 'Thai the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tariners, Leafoer-dressers, And Cut- Exporting tiers’, 8$c. in the Town and BOrough of Oakhatnpfoti, iij,

the Coority of Devon, on the behalf of tiifemselves, and Others, was pffeferited to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities df Oak-bArk hath beeti exported into Ireland, where nO Duty is paid on Hides; to the greAt Discouragement of the Petitioners; That A Law was madfe fob presenting the GalHing of Hides and &kiris in the Flaying; and another against the Edgroffitag of oaken Bark to fell again; but now-, by the Art of tome , ciihhfog Pfebple, thofeLaws Arse ihadc of rio Effect: And prAying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners inhabiting in the City of Ditto* Erifiol was pifefented to the House, and read; setting forth, That raft Quantities of Oast-bark have been exported from the City of Bristol, and Ports adjatent, for Ireland, where ho Duty is chargeable on Leather; to the great Detriment, if not utter Ruin, of the several Traders in Tanning: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the TannCrS in the Boroughs of Denbigh Ditto, and Ruthin, and Towns adjacent, was presented to the Hyufe, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bask is so prejudicial to the Petitioners, and other Dealers ih Leather, that, unless a Prohibition be soon put tio the Export thereof, the Tanning-trade of this Kingdom mult come to Decay and Ruin, and the Petitioners be obliged to quit that Employ, if another King-dorii, where'n'o Duty is paid for Leather, is supplfed with those ingredients which formerly was consumed in, Tanning ot imported Hides in England: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That thfe faicT Petition do lie upon the Table.

A' Petition of the several Tanners of Glides and Skins Ditto, in the Borough of Helstohe, in the County of Cornwall, on the behalf of themselves, and others of the Leather-trade, was'presented to the House, and read; setting forth,. That the Exportation of EtigjjBark is a great Detriment to the Tanning-trade: That, if a speedy Stop be not put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; and, it the principal Ingredients for tanning the same . be exported ibto other Countries, bur EnglUh Hides and Skins will not be w orth tanning in England-, and a Law was made, the First Year of King James the First, against the Engrossing of oaken Bark to fell again, and

Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable Times of the Year; the said Law, by the Contrivance of dehgning People, is now made ineffectual: And praying, That so jnuch of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived; and that the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

A Petition of the Tanners in the County and Borough Ditt0, of Carmarthen, on belialf of themlfeives and others, c$c. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the JEngj-lijfiTrade in Leather': That unless a speedy Courfo be taken to prevent it, our Engljh Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England; and, by the Statute of King Janiethfe First, it was Enacted, That no Person

should engross any oaken Bark to fell again; which laid Statute is now of little Use: And praying, That so much of

7°4

i* Februarii.

A. 1717.

Exporting

Bark.

Ditto*

Ditto*

Ditto.

of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Petition of the MiniAer, Churchwardens, and Inhabi- St. Michael's, explained; and that the Exportation of Bark nitty be tants, of the Parish of Saint Michael's; Corahill,

prevented. and also to whom the Petition of Doctor William Baker, C"urch-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Rector, Henry Wright and Edward Liney, Churchwardens, as also of the Vestry and Inhabitants, of the Parish A Petition of the Tanners of the Town of Ross, in the of Saint Gyles's in the Fields, in the county of;

County of Hereford, on behalf of themselves, and others, were referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them;

8gc. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, which they had directed him to report to the House;

That the Exportation of Engljh Bark is lb prejudicial to which Reports he read in his Place; and afterwards de-the EnglishlinAe in Leather, that, unless a speedy Course livered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report,

be takten to prevent it, the Engl\fh Trade must be relating to Saint Michael's Cornhill, was read; and is as utterly loft, and our English Hides and Skins not worth follows; viz.

the Tanning in England-, and by the Statute of King That the Committee, having taken into Consideration James the First, it was Enacted, That no person should the Allegations contained in the said Petition, do find, engross' any oaken Bark to fell again, or fell any oaken That, by Order of the lateArchbUhop of Canterbury, and Trees but between the First of April and the laftof June;the present Bishop of the Tower of the said Pa-

which said Statute is now of little Use: And praying,

That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, and other Dealers in Leather, on the behalf of themselves, and others, in the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark is so prejudicial to the Tanning-trade, and to the Petitioners in particular, that Trade, and all such Persons as depend thereon, must undoubtedly be very great Sufferers; for if the chief In-

fredient for Tanning should be exported into another kingdom, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to'{he apparent Damage of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the Town and County of Havetfordzoefi, on the behalf of themselves, 'and others,

S$c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather: That, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, our English Hides and

Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England to the

apparent Rum of the Petitioners: That, by the Statute of King James the First, it was enabled, that no person should engross any oaken Bark to fell again; which said Statute is now of little Use: And praying, That the Statute as relates to Bark may be revived; and the Exportation thereof be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

have but Part of the Church left for Divine Service; nor A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the have they. Room to bury their Dead in the Church-yard; County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and others, which is now intirely covered with th6 Stones and Rub-&c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, bifti which was taken from the old Tower:

That for feme Years past, vast Quantities of Oak-bark That the Petitioners produced a Draught or Model of hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, the Tower intended to be rebuilt; as also an Estimate of where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Disad- the Charge; which have been approved of by Sir Christo-vantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in Eng- pher Wren; who hath certified, That the said Estimate,

riih Church was appointed to be rebuilt out of the Monies arising by the Duty on Coals, appropriated for the Building of Parochial Churches by the Statutes of 22° of . 2 di; and«i"* Jac. zdi; and 8 and 9 Willielmi 30.

That the said Tower, being dangerous to the Neighbourhood, hath been accordingly lately taken down, and rebuilt about Twenty Foot high, according to a Model thereof prepared for that Purpose; but the Monies arising on the said Duty on Coals, which was appropriated for building the said Parochial Churches, was so far expended in the other great Charges and Incumbrances upon the said Duty, that there was not Money sufficient to go on with and finish the said Tower; and the Duty, given for that Purpose by the said several A fits of Parliament, was, by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the late Queen granted and appropriated for building Fifty new Churches m and about London and Wi; and for other Uses therein mentioned.

That it appeared also to the Committee, by the Testimony of the Reverend Mr. Baker, Redior of the said Parish, and the Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants; as allb of Mr. Bateman Receiver of the Duty on Coals, Mr. Dickenjonthe Surveyor, and Mr. the Master-mason;

That it is Two Years since the Tower was pulled down; and that the new Work is not carried above Half-way to the Roof of the Church; whereby the Church lies open, and is greatly exposed to the Weather; and the whole Body of the Church, for want of being supported by the Tower, is ftiored up; and, if not speeaily helped, will be in Danger of falling:

That, by reason of the Scaffolding, the Parishioners have but Part of the Church left for Divine Service;

lish Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Debtors Petition,

amounting to the Sum of 6,126/. is. $<L is just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for finishing the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Mi-Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, chad's, Cornhill, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the

Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building A Petition of more than One hundred poor Prisoners Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and

rv_i .___jrv 1 if /» t n 1 c L . tjr j,i n 1 1 , < r a j al . hi

for Debt and Damages in his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Bedford, whose Names are subscribed, as well in behalf

of themselves, as of many Thousands of others in Custody of the said Gaol, and other the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That not only the Petitioners, but also many Thou&nd others, are now detained in the said Gaol, and other the Gaols of this Kingdom, for Debt; and can noways avail with their Creditors, by reason of their utter Inability to answer their Demands, to be freed from their miserable Confinement: And praying such Relief therein ns to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Broderick reported from the Committee, to wlipm *5

in the Fields Church*

Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof: And that Mr.

Brodrick, Mr. Cowper, and Mr, Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Report relating to Saint s Church, being st. Gyles’ read, is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of this House, have considered the Matters contained in the said Petition; and, upon Examination of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of the Reverend Dr. Baker, Rector of the said Parish Church, John Milner Esquice, One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Mr. Hetiry Sur-

veyor, who was appointed by the Vestry to take a view of the said Church, and of other Inhabitants;

That

Woollen Ma-BuUctuie.

Geo. I.

i Feb marii.

705

That the said Church was built with Brick, and is now become very, old and ruinous; and cannot be repaired under the Expence of Three thousand Pounds at least: That the Ground whereon the said Church doth stand lies about Seven or Eight Feet lower than the Street; which is very unwholesome to the Parishioners, by reason of the great Dampoefs which is occasioned by the low Situation of the said Church; and that this Inconvenience is no-ways to he remedied but by an entire new Building of it:

That, the said Parish being very large and extensive, the Charge of maintaining their Poor amounts, nibus minis, to Three thousand Three hundred Pounds, and upwards; by reason whereof, and of other their Taxes, the Parishioners are in no Condition to rebuild their said Church.

It likewise appeared to the Committee, That there is no Waste-graund, or Site, within the said Parish, to be purchased to build a new Church, without pulling down many Houses; which will occasion a very great Expence; and that the Commissioners have not contracted for any Site, or Ground, to build any other Church than what is now building; and that the said Parish Church, when rebuilt, together with the Church now building, will be sufficient to contain all the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and the Sub-

urbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Gyles's in the Fields to be rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches: And that Mr. Broderick, Mr. , Sir

John Cope, Mr. Vonge, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Pole reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornu all; and several other Petitions, relating to the importation of Irish Yarn; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Witnesses, That the Petitioners labour under the greatest Difficulties, by reason of the continual Importation of very great Quantities of Irish Worsteds, which are entered in the Custom-house Books under the Denomination of Bay-yarn; and thereby pays no further Duty than Q#. 6d. per hundred Weight; the same being valued, in the Hook of Rates, to be worth only 31. 6 s.

8 d.; whereas the Worsted, which is thus imported under the Denomination of Bay-yarn, is really worth from 11 I. to 16/. per hundred Weight; which Practices have already greatly impoverished vast Numbers of poor Spinners, Woolcombers, and others employed in the Woollen Manufacture; since this Irish Worsted is, by this means, rendered 4 d.per pound Weight cheaper than ’tis possible to be made by our poor Labourers here in England.

John Thomas, Woolcomber and Weaver, declared, That he has, for many Years, dealt in Irish Worsted; and hath known the same manufactured up into Stuffs of different Sorts; which Irish worsted can and hath been sold by the Importer at Bristol, at least, 4 per Pound Weight chea|>er than English Worsted of the same Fineness can be afforded:

He produced Two Samples of Irish Worsted; one of which cost 2 s. per Pound Weight, and the other 2 s.

11 d. per Pound Weight; and said, That the former was bought cheaper by, at least, 4 d. per Pound Weight, and the latter, being a finer Sort, by, at least, 6d. than Eng-l\jh Worsted of the same Goodness can be bought:

Being ctked w hat difference there was between Irish Bay-yarn and Worsted, lie answered, That the Worsted w as made of the fine Wool combed, and the Bay-yarn of Vol. 18,

the Dross of such Wool Carded; and that the Worsted was at Three times the Value of the Bay-yarn.

William Alford, Woolcomber and Weaver, declared,.

That he has been an Agent, or Factor, to receive great Quantities of Irish Worsted from on board several Ships; which have imported the same to: That such

Worsted was worth from 2 s. to 3s. per Pound Weight; and that the same was entered at the Custom-house under* the Denomination of Bay or Woollen Yarn, and paid Duties as such; and that Bay or Woollen Yam is worth but about One-third Part of the Value of Worsted; and that great Quantities of Irish Worsted are wrought up into Shalloons, and other Stuffs, without the least Mixture of Bay or Woollen Yarn: That he has manufactured great Quantities of English Worsted; and assured the Committee, that it cannot be afforded so cheap as Irish Worsted of the same Goodness, by, at least, 4 Pound Weight for some, and 6 d.for the finest Sort.

That the Committee, being desirous to be informed from the Commissioners of the Customs, what Quantities of Worsted, Bay and W oollen Yarn, had been imported for Three Years last past, ending at 1717, in

order to compare the same with an Account in the Journals of this House of the same Species of Goods imported in the Years 1706, 1707, and 1708, find, by the Commissioners Report to their Order, and comparing the same with the former Account, That the Importation of Woollen or Bay-yarn had increased exceedingly; inso much that, in the last Year, there is entered above double the Quantity that was imported in the Year 1706; which, in that Year, was only 696,565 Pounds Weight; and the last Year it role to 1,478,005 Pounds Weight; and it does not appear, that any Worsted has been entered at the Custom-houl'e by the said Report; although it was made evident by several Witnesses, that very great Quantities have been imported.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Morice presented to the House, according to Order, Half-yearly a Bill for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities, established by an Act of m en 4‘ the last Session of Parl’ament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christmas aft: And the same was received.

A Bill for repairing the Highways from , Reading, ice.

in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the fe- Roa . veral Parishes of Shitfeild and Hcck in the several

Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to,

in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Guidott, Lord Shelbum, Lor6Wm.Powlett,

Sir Wm. Haines, Sir Tho. Wheate, Colonel Cadogan, Mr.

Cunningham, Mr. Onslow, Sir Nich.Carew, Mr. Wallop,

Lord Harry Powlett, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Dodd, Sir Edward Ernley, Sir Wm. Courteny, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr,

Treby, Colonel Morton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Neville,

Mr. Barrington, Mr. Peirfc, Sir John Anstruther, Mr.

Vonge, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Mr.

Hampden, General Carpenter, Sir Richard Gough, Mr.

Herne, Sir John Cape, Mr. Micklethwaite, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Cowper, Sir Wm. Carew Mr. Halsey, Mr. Diston, Mr. Lade, Mr. Wrightion, Sir Campbell,

Mr. Chijwell, Mr. Morice, Mr. Hucks, Sir John Nor-

ris, Mr. Foley, General Wrath, Sir John Eyles, Colonel Churchill, Colonel Grqhme, Mr. Inge, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Haldane, Mr. Craggs; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Southampton, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted tire House, That their Ad- Answer to drefsofYefterday had been presented to his Majesty, That Addrffs. the Articles of War, now in being, might be laid before this House; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That the said Articles be laid before this House.

8 R Mr.

705

,o

30 Februar

A. 1717.

"Menage from Atr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, That he the King — j,a(j a Mefla^e to this House, signed by his Majesty: And S.°S* Coin- l‘e prefen ted the same to the House:

P*uy. And the same was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as

followed); viz.

GEORGE It.

HIS Majesty having received a very dutiful Address from the South Sea Company, That he would be graci-, ously pleated to permit himself to be elected Governor

of the said Company; and his Majesty being willing to condescend thereto; recommends it to this House to consider of proper Methods to remove any Difficulties that may arise on that Occasion.

The King Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enabled to be enable his Majesty to be Governor of the Sea Com-

S °S» Com" P311^: And Mr. LoLord and

pany. Mr. Carter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Forfeited A Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain Estates. and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, was read a Se-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House, upon the said Bill.

The King Air. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the

enabled to be House a Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the S°s.*Coni- South Sea Company: And the same was received; and pany. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Dealers in The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ltone-lace. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of the Wholefole Traders and Dealers in Bone-

lace, by obviating several Doubts in the Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hampden took the Chair of the Committer.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hampden reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The King Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to enable his Majesty enabled to be to be Governor of the South Sea Company be now read Governor Of the Third time.

' ' om* The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

Ordered, That Air. Lowndes do carry the said Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Forfeited ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

>:ilat«s. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Reports from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recufonts; and of Estates given to superilitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Commission- Ordered, That the Bill to appoint Commissioners to Debt«.Army ta^e* examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the e Army, be read a Second time upon Morning

next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LutJte, 3# die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AA1ESSAGE from the Lords, by Air. Browning K|

and Mr. Holford: enabled w I*

Mr. Speaker, Governor of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act s* s*Co°*' to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea paoy‘ Company.

And then the Alcffengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Grand Jury, at the General Quarter Exporting Sessions of the Peace holden within the Corporation of Bark. Kendall, for the County of WeJtmorUmd, upon Friday the Seventeenth Day of January 1717, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a few Tanners within this Corporation of Kendall have got Petitions drawn, and ligned by several Persons, and lent to this honourable House, to procure prohibiting the -exporting any Oak-bark to Ireland: That this County, and the neighbouring Parts of Lancashire, produce yearly more than all the Tanners in the Country have Occasion for; and will injure the Dmd-holders, who are chiefly supported by the Profits of their Woodlands, if the Exportation of Bark to Ireland be prohibited: And praying, That the Owners of Bark may not be prohibited Exporting of Bark to Ireland,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Tanners in the County of Carmarthen, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather; and, unless a speedyCourse be taken to prevent it, our English Hides and Skins will not be woith the

Tanning in England; and, by the Statute of King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engraft any oaken Bark to fell again, or fell any oaken Trees but between the First of April and the last of June: And praying,- That so much of the Statute as relates to Bark may be revived j and that the Exportation thereof may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of K Ditto! nigh Northwich, and Frodsham, and several Places adjacent to the said Towns, which are in the County Palatine of Chester, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Bark is of great Prejudice to the Tanning-trade; and, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto,-that Trade must inevitably be ruined; and if the principal Ingredients for tanning the same be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather, our Hides and Skins will not be worth tanning in England: and, by a Law made in the First Year of King James the First, against the Engrafting of oaken Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable Times of the Year; which, by the Contrivance of defining People, is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived; and that the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of and near Stockport, Al-tringham,m<\ Sandbatch, in the County Palatine of was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark isofgreat Prejudice to the Tanning-trade; and, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; and if the principal Ingredient for tanning the same be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather, our Hides and Skins will not be wort!) the Tanning in England; and a very good Law was made in the First Year of King the First, against Engrafting of oaken Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable Times of the Year; which, by the Contrivance of designing People, is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordercdf

Ditto

4 Geo. I.

3° Fdmarti.

Exponig

Bark.

7°7

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Tabic. Iutions of Friday last, I'clating to the Highways, and to

the Waggoners travelling the Roads, of this Kingdom; A Petition of the Tanners of, and adjacent to, Nampt- That they do prepare, and bring in, VClause /or the te-ttich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to pealing the said Act. the House, and read; letting forth, Thattlie Exportation

Ditto.

of English Bark is of great Prejudice to the Tanning-trade; and, unless afpeedyStop be put thereto, that Trade mult inevitably be ruined, if the principal Ingredient for tanning the same be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather; our English Hides and Skins will not lie worth the Tanning in England: And a very good Law was made, in the Tint Year of King James the First, against the Engrafting of Oaken-bark, and Telling of Timber-trees at unleaionable Times of the Year; but is now made inefte lual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived; and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, and other Dealers in Leather, in the upper Part of the County of Bucks, on the behalf of thcinielves, and others, fife, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark is so prejudicial to the Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must suffer

A Bill for making the Dividend of fabferibed Txiftery Half-yearly1 Annuities, and other Annuities, ellablrfticd by an Act of Payments of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, com- Dividend*, mencing from Christmas last, was read a First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders to'Sea, of the City of Bristol, ivas presented to the House, and read; letting lorth, That the Petitioners, being informed, That a further Duty is desiredto be laid on Irish Yarn made of Wool, imported into this Kingdom, beg Leave to represen t tire Evil that will attend the fame, if it should take Effect: That it will very much lessen the Trade from this Kingdom to Ireland, that is now carried on for the Product of all our Plantations; viz. Tobacco, Sugars, Indigo, Cotton, S;c.; and also for many of the Manufactures and Produce of this Kingdom: That it will be the Discouragement of Navigation between this Kingdom and Ireland: That it will put the People of Ireland upon all Ways and Means of transporting their Wool to foreign

Woollen

Mannfaflftrt.

great Damages thereby; Bark being the only Material Parts: And praying Relief herein

Debtor*

Petition.

Number of Dories uft<l Vv Wag<;tn- >

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Weavers, Dyers, Salters, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being informed, That it is attempted to procure an Act to prohibit the Bringing in of Yarn made of Wool out of Ireland: and, in casesuch Attempt should take Effect, they must be totally without Work, and reduced to the greatest Poverty; because Hands cannot be found to spin the Irish Wool, if it should be brought over unwrought: so that Foreigners will under-fell us abroad; and consequently our Trade will be loft: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners understanding, that Endeavours are made to obtain an Act for laying a farther Duty on Yam made of Wool imported into tltis Kingdom; That the Importation of Irish Yarn made of Wool is the only means to enable the People of Ireland to take from this Kingdom the Product of our Plantations, and other Manufactbres, of all Sorts, A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and made in this Kingdom: That it is a great. Help to the Mr. Browning r Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, by its being

Mr. Speaker, mixt with our Yarn; and gives great En-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act couragement for the Exportation thereof to foreign Mar-to enable George Bubb, Esquire, and his HTue Male, to Lets: That there are not Hands enough in England to change their Surname to the Surname of Doddington, Ipin all the Wool that must be used in our Manufactures; without Amendment. And also, anti consequently so great a Quantity as is now made

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cannot be produced to liipply foreign Markets: That the for naturalizing Abraham Boetefeur, without Amendment. Bringing over of Yarn here, doth in a great measure, pre- " ‘ ’ vent the Sending of Wool, unwrought, clandestinely into

foreign Parts: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

for tanning the fame; so it is the greatest Hardship imaginable, that it should be exported into another Kingdom,-where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather; And praying to be relieved herein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Tabic.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in Gaol in the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by reason of great Losses and Disappointments in Trade, are become insolvent, and not able to pay their Debts to their respective Creditors; but are willing to deliver up all their Effects to them, in order to be discharged from their Confinement, that they may exercise their respective Callings, for the Subsistence of themselves, and miserable Families: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

DatyonMalt. A Petition of the Maltsters, or Maltmakers, in the Town of Ba/ingstole, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Maltsters in the Country, that make Malt for Sale, may

?ay an equal Duty with those Maltsters that live in owns where Officers are placed to survey them every Day; and afford them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mhm, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Yetu‘ 1718, committed.

Bubb’sKarce.

Boetrfcur’*

Nat.

IS

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being moved, That the Act, of the First Year of his Ma jcliy's Reign, intituled, An Act to restrain $11 Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length, might be read;

The same was rend.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon the Refo-

Vql. J$.

Ditto.

Dittq.

Sir Thomas Wheate reported from the Committee, to Stoke* whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants, Churchbili

Justices Rotd*’

70& — 4 0 FeBr1717,

Justices of Peace-, Gewdemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of whole Names are there-linto subscribed, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to tbft House 7 which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iiune was read; and is as follows;

’ That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the.’ House, at the 31st of January last, whereby it was. ordered, That the said Committee- should examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same to the House; the Committee have examined several Witnesses; viz.

Richard Carter Elquife, Thomas CoujinsJVilHam vomb, Richard Btvzvn, Hichard Adam

ger and George Ryves: Who testified. That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the Road mentioned in the said Petition doth lie, have not only canftantly done more than their Statute-work; but alfO raised large Sums of Money, and duly applied the same towards repairing their Roads; and that proper Materials for amending the Highways lie at a great D iftanoe from tome Parts of the said Road; and that the Paiilhioners have often been obliged to pay 1 id. per Load, at lead, for Stones:

That, upon Examination of the whole Matter, it folly appeared to the Committee, That the Road, from the Top of Stoaken Church-hill to AnsUno-bridge, in the County of Gxon, is to very bad and ruinous in many Places thereof in the Winter-feaibo, that it is dangerous to Travellers; and that the same cannot be amended, and put into good Repair, and to kept, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways from the Top of Stoaken

hill to Ans, lew-bridge, in the County of And that

Sir Thomas Wheat, and Mr. Stevens, do prepare, and bring in, the liune.

Royal A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William,

to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend lus Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to One publick and Two private Bills; viz.

An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

An Act to enable George Bubb Esquire, and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to the Surname of Dod-iington:

An Act for naturalizing Abraham Boetefeur.

Preserving An ingrafted Bill for enforcing and making perpetual, Stranded an Act, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled. Ships. An Act for the Preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore or ltranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Mrueftvs Dominions, was reaa the Third time.

Revived, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enforcing and making perpetual, an Act, of the Twelfth Year other late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Kay do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St.Michaells, Mr. Broderick, according to Order, presented to the iVtmhiH, House a Bill for fmifliing the Tower of the Parish Church Church. of St. MichacIL, Cornhill, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and ubout the Cities of iS

London and Westminster, and the Suburhs thereof: Apd the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the BHi be read a Second time.

An ingrafted* Bill for Relief of the Wholesale Trad- l>alears is ers and Dealers in English Bone-lace, by obviating ione-l*ce. several Doubts in the Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, wan read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 2. To insert " of the Reign:"

And the same was, upon the Queliiion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refobaed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for Relief of the Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone-lace, by obviating several Doubts in the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lor'ds^ and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Names of the Members who made Default upon Defaulters t» the last Call of the House, and who were ordered to attend 9,al*fof tho this Day, were called over; and One of them, viz. Mr. 0 Fownes, was excused, upon account of Sickness; and the others appeared.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Gold and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®l, Ver Com*' to consider of Methods for preventing the Watte of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Coinage of next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole Guinea*. House, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 40 die Feb;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayehs.

MR. Craggs presented to the House, pursuant to their Articles of Address to his Majesty for that Purpose, Rules w*r< and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty a Land Forces:

And the same were read; and are as feUow; viz.

GEORGE R.

RULES and Articles for the better Government 06 his Majesty’s Land Forces:

Article ill.

All Officers and Soldiers, not having just; Impediment,

shall diligently frequent Divine Service, and Sermon, in such Places as shall be appointed for the Regiment,

Troop, or Company, to which they belong; and such' as either wilfully or negligently absent themselves from Divine Service, or Sermon, or else, being present, dot behave themselves indecently or irreverently during the same, if they be Officers, they shall be severely represended at a Court Martial; but, if private Soldiers, they shall, for every such First Offence, forfeit each Man Twelve Pence, to be deducted out of their next Pay; and, for the Second Offence, forfeit Twelve Pence, and be laid in Irons fa Twelve Hours; and, for every like Offence afterwards, shall foflfer, and pay in like manner: And the Money, to forfeited, shall be applied to the Relief of the lick Soldiers of such 'l'roop or Company, to which the Offender does belong.

Article 2d.

If any Sutller in any of our Ports, Garisons, Camps,

Barracks,

4 Geo. I.

4° Februarit.

709

Barracks, or Guards, shall, during Divine Service, or Sermon, presume to fell any Beer, Brandy, Wine, or other Liquors, or any Kind of Victuals, or other Merchandize; he shall be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, to be punished according to Law.

Article 3d.

Whosoever shall use any unlawful Oath or Execration, whether Officer or Soldier, shall incur the Penalty expressed in the First Article.

Article 4th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall presume to blaspheme the Holy and Undivided Trinity, or the Persons of God the Father, God the Son, or God the Holy Ghost; or shall presume to speak against any known Article of the Christian Faith; he shall be delivered over by the Commanding Officer to the Civil Magistrate, to be punished according to Law.

Article 5th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall abuse or profane any Place dedicated to the Worship of God; or Dial! offer Violence to any Chaplain of the Army, or any other Minister of God’s Word; he shall receive such corporal Punishment as shall be inflifited on him by a Court Martial.

Article 6th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall presume to use any traitorous or difrefpefitful Words against the Sacred Person of his Majesty, his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or any of the Royal Family; or shall behave himself with Contempt or Dillefpefit towards the General, or ether Commander in Chief, of the Forces; or speak Words tending to his Hurt or Diffionour; he shall be punished according to the Nature of his Offence by the Judgment of a Regimental or General Court Martial.

Article 7th.

Whatever Officer, or Soldier, without Leave of his Majesty, the General, or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel, or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence by letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, or in any manner of Way whatsoever, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as shall be inflifited by a Court Martial.

And whatever Regiment, Troop, or Company in Field, Garilbn, or on Part)', shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Conditions with them, without being reduced to the utrnoft Extremity, or Leave had, as aforesaid; every Officer, and Soldier, who shall knowingly consent thereto, and shall be convicted thereof before a Court Martial, shall likewise suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflifited:

And whatever Officer, or Soldier, shall advise, encourage, or persuade, any other Officer, ’or Soldier, to hold any such traiterous Correspondence, or enter into such Conditions, shall, upon Conviction thereof, suffer Death, or such other Punishment as a Court Martial shall think fit:

But whatever Officer, or Soldier, can prove, that lie did his utmost to resist and avoid such Treaty, he shall not go only unpunished; but be rewarded for his good Behaviour and Fidelity.

Article 8th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall excite, cause, or join in, any Mutiny, or Sedition, in the Company, Troop, or Regiment, to which he belongs, or in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, in his Majesty’s Service; or on any Party or Poll where the Duty is done by Detachment from several Regiments, or otherwise, in the Army; he shall suffer death, or such other Punishment as a Court Martial shall inflifit:

And-if any Officer, Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall hear any Words tending to Mutiny or Sedition; or, being any way privy thereto, do not immediately use their utrnoft Endeavours to suppress the fame, as also to discover it to their Superiors; if an Officer, he shall be cashiered; and, if a Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, V«l. L8.

he shall be severely punished, at the Discretion of a Court Martial.

Article 9th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall refuse to obey the military Orders of his superior Officer, he shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as shall be inflicted by a Court Martial.

Article 10th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall presume to resist any Officer in the Execution of his Office; or shall strike, draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up, any Weapon against, his superior Officer, on any Pretence whatsoever; he shall be punished with Death, or such other Punishment as a Court Martial shall inflifit.

Article 11 th.

And to the Intent that no Officer, commanding aTroop, or Company, may pretend Ignorance of what he ought to pay to every Non-commission Officer and Soldier in our Service, we do hereby command them Unfitly to observe such Regulations as are, or shall be, direfited by us under our Royal Sign Mapual, pursuant to the Afit of Parliament now in Force.

Article 12th.

All Officers and Soldiers, who have received Pay, or have been duly lilted in our Service, and shall desert the fame, either in the Field, upon a March, in Quarters, or in Garison, < and be convifiied thereof before a Court Martial, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by the said Court Martial shall be inflifited.

Article 13th.

No Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall leave his Troop, or Company, and inlist himself in any other Regiment, Troop, or Company, without a Discharge from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in which he last served, under Pain of being reputed a Deserter, and differing Death for it, or such other Punishment as a Court Martial shall inflifit:

And in case any Officer shall knowingly receive, or entertain, any such Non-commission Officer, or Soldier; upon Proof made thereof before a General Court Martial, he shall be cashiered:

Nor shall any Discharge granted to any Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, be allowed of as sufficient, unless signed by a Field Officer of the Regiment, whence such Soldier was difmiifed.

Article 14th.

If any Officer, or Soldier, shall persuade, or advise, any other Officer, or Soldier, to desert, he shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as shall be inflifited by a Court Martial.

Article 15th.

If any Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, committed to Prison, shall break thence, and endeavour to escape Punishment, and leave the Service, he shall be punished as a Deserter, and die for it; or suffer such other Punishment as shall, by a Court Martial, be inflifited:

And if any Officer under an Arrest shall leave his Confinement, before lie is let at Liberty by the Officer who confined him, or by a superior Power, he shall be cashiered for it.

Article 16th.

Whatever Officer, or Soldier, shall misbehave himself before the Enemy, and run away, or shamefully abandon any Fort, Post, or Guard, which they are commanded to defend; or speak Words inducing others to do the like; or who, after Visitory, shall, instead of pursuing the Enemy, leave his Commanding Officer, to plunder and pillage, before the Enemy be intirely beaten and defeated; or whilst any Body of them remains unbroken; every such Offender, being duly convifited thereof, shall be reputed a Disobeyer of military Orders; and shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflifited on him.

Article 17th.

Whatever publick Stores shall be taken in the Enemy’s Camp, Towns, Forts, or Magazines, whether of Artillery, Ammunition, Cloathing, Forage, or Provision, shall be

8 S secured

Article*

War.

Articles of War.

pio 40 Februarii, . 1717.

secured for his Majesty's Service, and the better Relief of the Army; to which all Commanders in Chief are to have due Regard.

Article 18th.

If any Officer, Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall be accused of any Crime, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, and not express, mentioned in these our Rules and Articles, the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Troop, Company, or Party, are hereby required to deliver over such accused Persons to the Civil Magistrate, so soon as applied to; and are also to be aiding and affiiling to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Tryal, under Pain of our highest Displeasure.

Article igth.

If any Officer think himself wronged by his Colonel, or the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, and shall, upon Application to him, be refused to be redressed, he is to complain to our General or Commander in Chief of our Forces, in order to have Justice done him; who is hereby required to examine into the fame, and to lay it before us himselfj or by our Secretary at War, in order to receive our further Direction; and, if the Accusation prove false and vexatious, the Complainant shall be punished at the Discretion of a General Court Martial: And if any inferior Officer, or Soldier, shall think himself wronged by his Captain, or Officer commanding the Troop or Company, he is to complain thereof to the Officer commanding the Regiment; who is hereby required to fee Justice done to the Complainant at a Regimental Court Martial; from which, if either Party think himself not fully righted, he may appeal to a General Court Martial; where if upon a Second Hearing, the Appeal shall appear vexatious or groundless, the Appeal-ant shall be punished accordingly:

And if any Colonel or Captain shall be found to have taken away any thing from an Officer or Soldier, or to have wronged him of his Dues, he shall not only make Restitution, but be further punished, according to the Nature of his Offence,

Article 20th.

No Officer or Soldier shall use any reproachful or provoking Speeches or Gestures to another, upon Pain of Imprisonment, and asking Pardon of the Party offended, in Presence of his Commanding Officer:

Nor shall any Officer, or Soldier, presume to fend a Challenge to any other Officer, or Soldier, to fight a Duel, upon Pain of being cashiered, if he be an Officer; or suffering the fevered corporal Punishment, if a Non-commission Officer, or private Soldier: And if any Officer, or Non-commission Officer, commanding a Guard, shall willingly and knowingly fufier any Person whatever to go forth to fight a Duel, they shall be punished as above; and all Seconds also, and Carriers of Challenges, shall be taken as Principals, and punished accordingly.

All Officers, of what Condition soever, have Power to part and quell all Quarrels, Frays, and other Disorders, though of another Company, Troop, or Regiment; and to command Officers to Arrest, and Soldiers to Prison, until their proper Officers be acquainted therewith: And whoever shall refute such Officer, though of inferior Rank, or draw his Sword upon him, shall be punished as a General Court Martial shall appoint: Nor shall any Officer or Soldier upbraid another for refilling a Challenge; fmee, according to these our Orders, they but do the Duty of Soldiers, who ought to subject themselves to Discipline: And we do acquit and discharge all Men, who have Quarrels offered, or Challenges font to them, of all Disgrace, or Opinion of Disadvantage, in their Obedience hereunto: And whosoever shall upbraid them, and offend in this Cafe, shall be punished as a Challenger.

Article 21ft.

The Controversies that happen in a Regiment between the Soldiers and their Officers, relating to their military Capacities, as also between Soldier and Soldier, shall be determined atthe next Regimental Court Martial; which

Regimental Court Martial shall not consist of less than Five Commissioned Officers, and the President, not to be under the Degree of a Captain; who are to judge all such . Matters as are proper for their Determination; which shall be decided according to the Plurality of Voices.

They are also impowered to try Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, for Neglect of Duty, or other Misbehaviour; and to inflict corporal Punishments, if the Sentence be approved by the Commanding Officer; and, if any Person think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the next General Court Martial for Redress: But, where any Officer or Soldier is accused of any Crime, which, by these Articles, is punishable with Death, they are to be tried by a General Court Martial.

Article 2 2d.

A General Court Martial shall not consist of less than Thirteen Commission Officers, with their President, who is not to be under the Degree of a Field Officer, or the then Commander in Chief of our Forces in Gurifon, where such Court is held: The Members both of General and Regimental Courts Martial shall, for Orders-fake, take the same Rank in their Sittings, as they do in the Army; and the Judge Advocate General, or feme Person having a Deputation to act for him, shall inform the Court, and prosecute in his Majesty’s Name; and in capital Cafes, administer to the several Members the Oath following:

" You shall well and truly try and determine, accordto your Evidence, in the Matter now before you,

" between our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty " and the Prisoner to be tried.

So help you GOD/’

The following Oath shall also be taken by such as are Members, or Judges, in any General Court Martial:

" I A. B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice,

" according to the Rules and Articles made by his Majesty for the better Government of his Forces;

" and according to an Act of Parliament, now in " Force, for the Punishment of Mutiny, Dci'ertion,

" and other Crimes therein mentioned; without " Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and, if any Doubt " shall arise, which is not explained by the said " Articles, or Act of Parliament, according to my " Conscience, the bell of my understanding, and " the Custom of War in like Cafes: And I do further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence:

" of the Court, until it shall be approved by his Majesty, the General, or Commander in Chief; ncither will I, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion " of any particular Member of the Court Martial.

'So help me GOD."

All Witnesses shall be examined upon Oath; and no Field Officer shall be tried by any under the Degree of a Captain; nor shall any Sentence of Death be given against any Offender, unless Nine of the Thirteen Officers present shall concur therein: And no Sentence of Death shall be had or given against any Offender, nor any Proceedings on his Tryal, but between the Hours of F.ight in the Morning and One in the Afternoon; ‘nor shall the Sentence of any Court Martial be put in Execution until Report be. made of the whole Proceedings to his Majesty, and his Directions figuified thereupon. All Members of Courts Martial shall behave themselves decently; and, in giving their Votes, begin with the youngest.

Article 23d.

Every Non-commission Officer and Soldier, who shall inlist himself in our Service, shall, at the time of his so in-liffing, or within a Month afterwards at the furthest, be taken before a Justice of the Peace by the inlisting Officer, or the Officer commanding the Troop or Company, in which he is lifted; and shall take the Oath following:

" I swear to be true to our Sovereign Lord King George,

" and to serve him honestly and faithfully, in Defence of his Person, Crown, and Dignity, against " all his Enemies and Opposers whatsoever; and to u observe and obey his Majesty’s Orders, and the

" Orders

4 Geo. I. 4* FebruariL

711

" Orders of the Generals and Officers let over me " by his Majesty.

'So help me God."

Article 24th*

Every Officer commanding aTroop> or Company, shall, upon due Notice given him by the Commissary of the Musters, or some one of his deputies, assemble the Troop, or Company, under his Command, in the next convenient Place, for their being mustered; and if any Officer or ' Soldier shall happen to be absent from such Muller, by real'on of Sickness, being employed in Recruiting, on Party, or on Furloff, or by a signed Leave from his Colonel or Field Officer commanding the Regiment, the Officer there commanding such Troop, or -Company, shall produce signed Certificates of such lawful Cause of Absence, or they shall not be allowed of at the Mutters: And every Officer that shall be convicted of giving, making, or procuring, any false Certificate, in Order to a false Mutter; or shall, at any time, be found guilty of making a false Mutter, either by Muttering of Servants in the Ranks, or of any Man or Horse not truly belonging to the Troop, or Company; shall be cashiered from our Service.

Article 25th.

No Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall, by Leave of his Captain, or inferior Officer, commanding a Troop, or Company, be absent from his Quarters above Twenty Days in Six Months, unless by a signed Leave from the Colonel, or other Field Officer commanding the Regiment; who is also to take care, that no more than Two private Men, at a time, of th same Troop, or Company, may have his Licence of Absence; and, for the Absence of Commission Officers from Garilbns, or Quarters, all Colonels, and Commanding Officers, are to govern themselves according to our Orders for Attendance of Officers in Quarters.

Article 26th.

AH Commissions granted by us, or by any of our Generals, having Authority from us, shall be entered in the Books of our Secretary at War and Commissary General of the Mutters; or not otherwise to be allowed of at the Mutters.

Article 27th.

No Commissioned Officer may be cashiered, or dismissed our Service, but by an Order from us, or by the Sentence of a General Court Martial, approved of by such Generals, or Commanders of our Forces, as, by our Power and Authority, shall appoint the same to be held: But Non-commission Officers may be discharged in like manner as private Soldiers; and, by the Sentence of a Regimental Court Martial, may be reduced to serve as private Soldiers in the Ranks, if their Misbehaviour shall deserve such Punishment

Article 28th.

No Non-commission Officer or Soldier, belonging to any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in our Service, mall be permitted to futtle, or to keep any kind of Publick-house or Shop for the Selling of Liquors, Victuals, or other Merchandize, under Pain of being punished for it by a Regimental Court Martial:

And every Commission Officer, who shall presume to mutter any Person known to be so settling, or offending as above, shall be brought to a General Court Martial, and punished as for making of a false Mutter.

Article 29th.

In all our Barracks, Forts, and Garilbns, or on Guards, where any such Suttlers, not being Soldiers, are permitted to attend our Troops, they shall not fell any kind of Liquors,! Victuals, or keep open House for the Entertainment of Soldiers, after Nine of the Clock at Night, nor before the Beating of the Reveilles in the Morning, under Pain of being difiniffed from all future Suttling, as the Commanding Officer shall be answerable.

Article 30th.

All Officers and Soldiers are to behave themselves orderly in Quarters, and on the March; and whoever shall commit any Watte, or Spoil, either in Walks of Trees,

Voi>. 18.

Patks, Warrens, Fish-porids, Houses, of Gardens, Corn- Articles or fields, Inclosures, or Meadows, or shall inalicioully de-» Wan stroy any Property whatever belonging to any of our Sub* je£ts, or belonging to any Person whatever, unless, by Order of the then Commander in Chief of our Forces, to annoy Rebels, or other Enemies, in Arms against us; he or they that shall be found guilty of offending herein, shall, besides such Penalties as they are liable to by Law, be punished, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence by the Judgment of a Regimental, or General,

Court Martial.

Article 3ilL

No Officer shall demand Billets for Quartering of more than his effective Men; nor quarter any Women of Children in the House assigned him for the Quartering of Officers and Soldiers, without the Consent of the Owner j nor shall take Money for freeing the Landlords from Quartering of Officers, or Soldiers, under Pain of being cashiered for it.

Article 32d.

Every Officer commanding a Regiment, Tfoop, Chm4 pany, or Party, whether in settled Quarters, or on the March, shall fee his own Quarters, and the Quarters of every Officer and Soldier under his Command, paid according to the Rates specified in the Act of Parliament now in Force; and, upon every Payment to be made in Quarters, the said Officer shall give publick Notice thereof to the Landlords, in order to fee them satisfied, as aforesaid: And in case any such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Party, shall be ordered to march before Money may be come to the Hands of the Commanding Officer, he is hereby required, before his Departure out of any Town or Village, to make up the Accounts with all Persons concerned in Money due to them for quartering Officers and Soldiers, for what time soever he shall have happened to remain there; and grant to every such Party a signed Certificate for the same; therein specifying the Name of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, such Officers or Soldiers do belong to, under Pain of being cashiered for it, upon Proof of having wilfully offended herein.

Article 33d.

On Marches, the Commanding Officers are to apply to the proper Magistrates for the Carriages necessary for the Service; and to pay for them, according to the Act of Parliament in that behalf; taking care not to abuse, or to suffer any under their Command to *beat or abuse, the Waggoners, or other Persons, attending such Carriages; nor to put more than Twenty hundred Weight on any Wain or Waggon so furnished to them by the Country:

And whatever Officer shall be convicted of offending herein, or in refilling to grant Certificates, in case of Failure of Money, as in the preceding Article, shall, by the Judgment of a Court Martial, be cashiered, or otherwise punished, according to the Degree of hia Offence.

Article 34th.

All Officers commanding in Garisons, in Quarters, or on Marches, shall keep good Order, and redress all such Abuses or Disorders as may happen to be committed by any Officer or Soldier under their Command: And if, oil Complaint made to any Commanding Officer of Beating of Landlords, or Extorting of more from them than they are obliged by Law to iurnish; of Soldiers Disturbing of Fairs or Markets, or committing any other kind of Riots, to the disturbing or dilquieting our People; he the said Commander, who shall refofe to fee Justice done on the Offender, and Reparation made to the Party injured, lb far as Part of the Offender’s Pay can’enable him, he shall, upon Proof thereof, be punished by a General Court Martial, as if he himself had personally committed the Crimes or Disorders complained of.

Article 35th.

No Officer or Soldier shall lie out of his Camp, or Quarters, without Leave of his superior Officer; and every Soldier shall repair to his Quarters at the beating or founding the Retreat; and whatever Officer, or Soldier,

shall

Gooool

4° Februarii. A. 1717.

Articles of War.

(halt offend herein, or, without Leave, absent himself from his Guard, or shall neglect to come to the Parade, Place of Exercise, or other Rendezvous, appointed by his Commanding Officer, unlefr by Sicknef9, or other evident Necessity hindered therefrom, shall be punished, according to the Nature of his Offence, at the Discretion of his Colonel, or the Commanding Officer of the Regiment

Article 36th.

If any Officer shall be found drunk on his Guard, Party, or other Duty, under Arms, he shall be cashiered ifor it; and if any Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall be found guilty of the fame, he shall be punished by riding the wooden Horse, Picketing, or some other such corporal Punishment as is prafilifed in the Army for such like Offences.

Article 37th.

If any Centinel quit his Poll before he be relieved from it or shall be found ilceping on his Poit, he shall be confined till the next Regimental Court Martial; and, upon Proof thereof, be condemned to run the Gauntlet; which is a Punishment we think not fitting to be otherwise in-flifited than by the Judgment of a General, or Regimental Court Martial.

Article 38th.

No Trooper, Dragoon, or Foot Soldier, shall hire another to do his Duty for him; nor shall any such be excused from Duty, but in Cafes of Sickness, Disability, or Leave of Absence; and every Soldier, found guilty of hiring his Duty, as also the Party io hired to do another’s Duty, shall be ppniffied at the next Regimental Court Martial; and every Non-commission Officer, conniving at such Hiring of Duty as abovesaid, shall be reduced for it; and every Commission Officer, knowing and allowing of such ill Practices in our Service, shall be punished by the Judgment of a General Court Martial: And if he shall protect any Person from his Creditors, under his Pretence of his being a Soldier, except such as do actually serve in the Ranks, and constantly do all the Duties of a Soldier, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament- in that behalf, he shall be cashiered For it

Article 39th.

No Officer, or Soldier, shall, by Firing of Arms, Drawing of Swords, or otherwise, make Alarms in Camp or Quarters, under Pain of such Punishment as the next Regimental Court Martial shall judge proper.

Article 40th.

And to the end that Officers and Soldiers may not, by lying under Confinement be hindered from doing their Duty, and others be obliged to do it in their room; we hereby direfit, That, upon every Offence committed, and not immediately punishuble by such corporal Punishments, as the there Commanding Officer shall think htmielf impowered to inflifit, he shall forthwith acquaint his Colonel, pr the Officer commanding the Regiment, therewith; who is all, with all convenient Speed, to summon Officers for composing a Regimental Court Martial, for the Tryal and Punishment of such Crimes; or, within the Space of Five Days at fartheit, after Confinement of any such Offender; and, for all Crimes, Offences, and Differences, which, at a Regimental Court Martial, they shall not judge themselves impowered to decide, and punish, foe Officer then commanding the Regiment shall send to our Secretary at War foe Proceedings, Proois, and Examina* lions, made thereon, in order to obtain our Order, or foe Order of our General, or Commander of our Forces, for a General Court Martial thereupon.

Article 41ft

Whosoever shall make known the Parole, or Watchword, without Orders of his foperior Officer, to any other than the Commissioned and Non-commission Officers, who ought to know the same; and whoever, upon his Guard, or Patrol, foaU give any other Word than that given by foe proper Oncer; shall be brought to next Regimental Court Martial, and be punished as their Judgment, and the Circumstances of his Offence, may require.

Article 42d.

Whatever Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, shall at a Regimental Court Martial, be convifiled of having fold, or willingly spoiled, any of the Ammunition delivered to him out of our Stores, shall run the Gauntlet; and if any Commissioned Officer, Store-keeper, or Commissary of Provisions, Forage, Ammunition, Arms, or other Stores, for the Use of our Forces, shall, at a General Court Martial, be convifiled of embezzling, felling, or wilfully spoiling, any such Stores committed to his Charge, he shall be camiered for it.

Article 43d.

Every Non-commission Officer, or Soldier, of Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, who shall, at a Regimental Court Martial, be found guilty of having fold, or wilfully loft, or spoiled, his Horse, Arms, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, or of pilfering and (leafing his Comrades, or other Soldiers, Cloaths, Arms, or Accoutrements, shall be subjefifc to such weekly Stoppage, not exceeding One Half-part of his Pay, as the Court Martial shall judge sufficient for repairing the fame; and suffer Confinement, or such other corporal Punishment, as in their Judgment, the Nature of his Offence may deserve; but no Deduction out of any particular Man’s Pay, otherwise than is, or shall be, direfited by a Regulation under our Sign Manual, may be made, unless for Crimes of the above Nature, and authorized by foe Sentence of a Regimental Court Martial; nor any general Stoppage or Deductions in Regiments, Troops, or Companies, but by our particular Warrant, or foe Warrant of foe General commanding our Forces.

Article 44th.

No Officer commanding a Guard, or Provost Marshal belonging to our Forces, shall refuse to receive, and keep, any Prisoner committed to their Charge by any Officer of our Forces; nor shall release any such Prisoner, without Orders from the then Commander in Chief; nor suffer any Prisoner to escape, under Pain of being punished for it by the Judgment of a General Court Martial, according to the Degree of his Offence; and every such Officer, to whose Charge Prisoners are committed, i3 hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours after such Commitment, or so soon as he is relieved from his Guard, to

five, in Writing, to foe said Commander in Chief, the James of the Prisoners, and of the Committers, and, as far as he knows, of the Crimes alleged against them, under Pain of his being punished for his Disobedience at a Regimental or General Court Martial.

Article 45th.

When any Commission Officer shall happen to die, or be killed in our Service, the Major of the Regiment, or Officer doing Major’s Duty in his Absence, shall immediately secure all his Effefits and Equipage, then in Camp or Quarters, and, before foe next Regimental Court Martial, make a just Inventory thereof; to the end that his lawfol Executor may, after the Payment of his Debts in Quarters, and Interment, receive the Overplus, if any be, to his or their proper Use:

And when any Non-commission Officer, or Soldier,

' shall happen to die, or be killed, as above, the Captain, or then Commanding Officer, of foe Troop, or Company, stall, in Presence of Two other Commission Officers, or other credible Witnesses, take Account of all he dies possessed of, over and above his Regimental Cloathing, Arms, and Accoutrements, to be accounted for as is above direfited.

Article 46th.

The aforegoing Rules and Articles shall be read and published at the Head of every Regiment, Troop, and Company, mustered, or to be mustered, in our Service, once every Two Months at fartheit; and are to be duly observed by all Officers and Soldiers in our Service; and also by our Companies of Gunners, and other Military Officers of our Trains of Artillery, with such Alerations only that relate to the Payment of Soldiers Quarters, and Carriages; which, in the Kingdom of Ireland, are to be regulated by the Lord Lieutenant thereof; and, in our Islands, Provinces, and Garison, beyond the Seas, by the respective

4 GeO. I. 40 — 5® re 713

respective Governors of the fame, according as the Nature of the Thing shall require: And notwithstanding it is expressed in the 18th Article of these our Rules and Orders, That every commanding Officer is required to deliver up to the Civil Magistrate all such Persons, under his Command, as shall be accused Of any Crimes, besides those of Mutiny, Defection, and other Offences, herein expressly mentioned; yet, in our Garlfbn of Gibraltar, Island of Minorca, Forts of Placentia and Royal,

where our Forces now are, or in any other Places beyond the Seas, to which any of our Trdops may hereafter be commanded* and where there is no Form Of our Civil Judicature in Force, the Governors or Commanders, respectively, are to hold General Courts Martial, and to punish Criminals by their Sentence, as has been practised heretofore, and authorized by former Articles of War.

J.

Call of tha The Order of the Day foi* the Call of the House being

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the^House to re-the Land foAve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

lorcea. the Bill for regulating the Forces to be continued in Ins

Majesty’s Service; and for payment of the said Forces, and their Quarters; and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;

Member* Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this fiunmoned, House do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and other Places adjacent, and summou the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And, being returned;

Regulating Ordered, That it be an tnstruction to the said Commit-the Land tee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive

IWcM* a Qause to take away unreal'onable Protections of Soldiers

from their just Creditors; and also to prevent unjust and fraudulent Arrests upon them.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gyles Erie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gyles Erie reported from the Committee, That they had made some Prozrefe in the Bill; and bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThurJHay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjotirtied.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mefctitiii 5* die Febru&rii;

Anno 4# Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pray bus.

raw bark on A PETITION of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Cy&et - Jl\ Peace, Gentlemen, and Grand Jury, met together ported. the Quarter' Sessions bolden for the County of Wor-

eegter ,the Fourteenth DUy of January 1717, was pre-fen ted to the House, andread; setting forth, That, in this and divers other Counties, great Quantities of Cyder and Perry are made, proper for Exportation; and a coarser Sbrt of the same Liquors is made from wild Fruit, and much used by Distiiters in making Brandy; which is found to-be a clean Spirit, fit for exporting to foreign Parts, especially to the Northern Kingdoms; where great Quantities' would vend, and contribute to pay for Naval Stores, and prevent the Carrying oat of our Silver, and purchase fondry Merchandizes with the Produce; which would pay ooooliderabie Duties- to his Majesty, encourage planting Vox. 1*.

and Navigation, and find Employment for great Numbers of Hands in this Kingdom: That the Petitioners, and others, ate kept from these desirable Advantages, by reason of great Duties laid on Cyder, Perry, low Wines, and Spirits, dr Brandy, without a Provision for a Drawback of the said Duties upon Exportation; the Want of which discourageth our Merchants from buying, they being under-fold in foreigp Markets: And playing, That such Debentures for the Exporting of Cyder may be allowed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718, is Committed.

A Petition of the Tanners in Hereford, bn behalf of Exporting themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and Bark' read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is so prejudicial to Trade in Leather, that unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade must be utterly loft, and our Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning here in England;and, by the Statute of KingJaw

the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Bark to fell again; which laid Statute is now of little Use: And praying, That so much of the Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Corporations of Mac- Ditto?

clesfeildand Congleton, in the County Palatine of Chester,

was presented to the House, andread; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is of so great Prejudice to the Tanning Trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; and, if the principal Ingredient for Tanning be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather, our English Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England; and a Law was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrafting of oaken Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable times of the Year; but is now made ineffectual: And praying, that the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Borough of Wigar, Ditto, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is of so great Prejudice to the Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; if the principal Ingredient for Tanning be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather, our Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning id England', and, by a law made in King the Fifft’s Reign, it was Onacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Bark, nOr fell any Timber-trees at unseasonable times of the Yedr; which Law is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Opening Council, and other* the principal Inhabitants and Mer- Plymouth chants, of the Borough of PlyrridUtk, trading in Woollen ^*jf*r Manufactures, tfas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Prohibiting of the Importation of Irish WcxA at this Port, the Petitioners have laboured under great Hardships in rejbect to the Woollen-trade, the fete Liberty fof Importation haring been granted' to Biddeford, Barri&iaple, &c.; whereby, whatever Oteafions teC Petitioners may have had for irish Wool, which often happeHs, they* have been constantly obliged to be at an extravagant Charge of Land carriage from Biddtford, Bdfnstdjne, Ac.; so that Abundance of

poor labouring Families can hive no manner of Employment, so* Waiit of Irish Woof: And praying, That they' may have the fafoe Libetly hi all respeCfc gfchted therp,

frT for

Opening Exe'er rort for Wool.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

llA

5° Fehruaru.

A.

1717;

for Importation of 7mA.Wool, as Exeter, or any other was presented .0 tnc House, and read; setting

Port or Place whatever.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

forth, That in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the late King an Act was passed, whereby it was per-

mitted to import Wool and Yam, from Ireland into the Ports of Bideford, Barnstaple, Minch cad, Bridgwater, Milford Haven, and only:

That the Petitioners are put to a great Expence in bringing A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assist- the said Wool and Yarn, by Land-carriage, or Coastways, ants, and Gentlemen, and of the Merchants, and other from the several Ports above-mentioned to London, for Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Town want of its being opened as a free Port: and a Bill being and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and Parts now depending for the opening the Port of Exeter for adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting that Purpose: And praying, That a Clause may be in-

forth, That the Petitioners having lately represented the Injury done to the Woollen Manufactory in England, by the Exporting of Wool and Yam from to France',

That One half of the Wool of the Growth of Ireland is already clandestinely exported from thence to France, either in Wool or Yarn; to the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, if the Port of Exon be suffered to receive Wool from Ireland: And praying, That such Evils may be prevented, and the Woollen Manufactory may not be entirely prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of , for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Sergemakers, Fullers, 'Dyers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Staple Manufacture of that Town, and neighbouring Places, is the Making of Druggets,. Cloth, Serges, 8(c. in which incredible Numbers of Hands are employed, and great Quantities made: JThat, notwithstanding several

ferted, in that Bill, for the opening the Port of London for the free Importation of Iris Wool and Yarn.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and My fiery, of Weavers, of London, on behalf of their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the late King William, Irish Wool and Yarn was permitted to be imported into divers Ports of Great Britain: That, for want of the Port of London being opened as a free Port for the said Wool and Yarn, the same cannot be here had but at great Expence of Land-carriage, or Coast-ways; and there being a Bill depending for the Making of Exeter a free Port for that Purpose; And praying, That the Port of London, as well as the Port of Exeter, may be open for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Opening Exeter Port for Wool.

Laws made to prevent the Exportation of Wool to France, the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the linporta-

especially from Ireland; yet that clandestine Trade is carried on; That there are great Quantities of Worded Yarn imported from Ireland, under the Notion of Bay Yam, whereas it is no other than Worsted Yarn, and used as such, and is bought much cheaper than it can pof-sibly be made here; whereby the Manufacturers, who have not the Advantage of such Worsted Yarn, labour

tion of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- Opeoinghae-gefies, and Common Council, of the Borough of Lancaster, and of the Merchants, Traders, and others, inha- or biting in and near the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Wool grown

under great Discouragements; and we observe how fatal in this and the adjacent Countries cannot be manufac-and dangerous a Consequence the opening the Port of tured to any advantage without a Mixture of Irish Wool: Exeter will be for the Importation of Wool, in regard That the Expence of Carriage from other Ports, where the Vessels, on which such Wool must be brought thither, the Traders are obliged to furnish themselves with Irish will have all the fiivourable Opportunities, and lie under Wool, has greatly discouraged the Woollen Manufactures

the inevitable Temptation of running their Goods into France; so that, instead of its being a Service to the Western Country, will really be a great Damage to Trade in general: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Sergemakers, Wool-combers, and other Labourers in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Town of Cullampton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Wool continuing to be exported from Ireland to France, have occasioned great Miseries on the Trade of this Country: That the making Exeter a Staple Port will apparently advance the said French Trade: And praying, That Attempts in order thereunto may not be encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for, opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, u committed.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Weavers, Dyers, and other Dealers' in the Woollen Manufactory, in the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and divers others concerned in the Wool-: len Mauufefitury in the City of London, and County of

begun here: That the Importation of Irish Wool at this Port of Lancaster would very much improve and promote the Woollen Manufactory, and be a Means to employ the Poor: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or a Clause to be inserted in feme . Bill, for Liberty to import Wool from Ireland to the Port of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Citizens, of the City of Chester, by their Common Seal thereunto affixed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Ports which are now appointed by Law for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, arc not only the most convenient, but very sufficient, for that Purpose: That a Bill is now depending for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland; which, if it should pass into a Law, would not only be very prejudicial to a great Number of Fami- lies, but may likewisebe attended with very great Inconveniences with respect to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the great Opportunities and Temptations of landing Wool in France, in pretended Voyages, from Ireland to Exeter: And praying. That the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland ’may not pass into a Law.

Ordered,

Opening Exeter Port for Wool.

4 Geo. I. Februariu

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of for the

' Importation of Wool from ,is committed.

St Mildred’s, A Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the Church. C* un>ted Parishes of St. MiPoultrey, and Mary,

Colechurch, London, and other the Parishioners thereunto belonging, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Order made the 14th Day of February, 170-f, by the then Archbishop of Canterbury, and Bishop of London, That the Tower of the Church of the said united Parishes was directed to be finished out of the Monies arising by the Duty on Coals, appropriated for the Building Parochial Churches: Thai by reason of several great Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, the Petitioners could not, at that time, get the said Order complied with; the said Duty being, by the Statute 90 Annce, granted and appropriated for building- Fifty new Churches; whereby the Petitioners are wholly deprived" of the Intent and Benefit of the said Order: And praying. That Provision may be made for Finishing of the said Tower, out of the said Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carter, Sir Robert Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Drew, Mr.

drick, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Hill, Lord JVm. Co-

lonel Morton, Mr. Neville, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Mr. Inge, Mr. Erie, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Snell, Mr. Medlycott, Colonel Longe, Mr.

Mr. Bere, Mr. Newland, Mr. Poxclett, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Harris, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Windsor, Mr.

Tuftnell, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Earl, Mr. Trevelyan, Mr. Lade, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hal fey, Mr. Hi/lier, Mr. Jenhins, Mr. Sir Charles

Cooke, Mr. Grantham, Sir Richard Steele', and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London, Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Mellor:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord Carte- The Lor Is have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ratt’s Estate. confirming the respective Sales of a Fee-farm Rent, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right honourable John Lord Carterett, and William HiUerjaon Esquire, to each other; and to discharge the same from divers Ef-tates, Terms, and Trulls, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Combination A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of ^j-1" and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was pre-e#fn c* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of divers Societies or Clubs of the Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, the Trade of this County has been very much incommoded, many Families impoverished, the Houses and Effects of Tradesmen rendered precarious, the Peace broken, Laws eluded, and the ' Officers of Juliice assaulted, and Money extorted from

many of his Majesty’s peaceable Subjects: That the said Clubs have been heard to boast. That they can assemble a very great Body in a very short Space, whenever they shall see Occasion: And praying to be relieved herein. And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Mailers, Burgesses, and Capital Inhabitants of his Majesty’s ancient Borough, Liberty, and Parish, of Bradninch, in the County of Devon, and of others trading in the Woollen Manufacture

Vo l. 18.

there, was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That, for feme years last pall, the Woolcombers and Weavers in those Parts have been confederating how to incorporate themselves into a Club; and have, to the Number of feme Thousands In this County, in a very riotous and tumultuous Manner, exacted Tribute from many; and have made it their frequent Practice to cut and break the Chains, Serges, and Looms, of several Masters who opposed their Laws: That the Mayor endeavouring to appeals them, on a Complaint made to him, they knocked him down, and he narrowly escaped with his Life: Which Practices of the said Clubs, unless timely prevented, will manifestly tend to the utmost Prejudice of the Woollen Trade, as also to the publick Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. As also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Exon, and also of the Merchants*

Weavers, Fullers, and others trading and dealing in the Woollen Manufacture within the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of Woolcombers and Weavers in and about this City, and other Places in this Country, have, for feme Years past, combined themselves into Clubs, and made such Rules and Orders as are contrary to Law; for, lately, many Thousand of them rose in a tumultuous and riotous manner, and committed many notorious Disorders; cut and spoiled the Mailers Work; and threatened the Maf* ters to pull down their Houses, and burn their Work, unless they would agree with their Terms; and feme have actually cut and defttoyed great Quantities of Work, and likewise broke open several Masters Doors: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Resolved,.That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to issue liH Royal Proclamation for putting in Execution the Laws made against unlawful Clubs and Combinations; and for. preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual punishing Rioters.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightfondo carry to the Lords Preferring the Bill to continue an Act, of the Twellth Year of her |jran<ie<i late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Preserving of all such.b ip* Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or llranded, upon the Coalts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions, and desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Eversfeild’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate*. veiling divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Sussex, Part of the Estate of Charles Eversfeild Esquire, in Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son; and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles ;.

was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Thomas Wheatepresented to the House, according Stofceti to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highway, from the Church Hilt Top of Stoken Church Hill to Anjlow Bridge, in the Road#* County of Oxon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hucks presented to the House, according to Order, 9t. Giles in a Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed to put ‘I16 Fie,d* in Execution the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years l'hurch' of her late Majesty s Reign, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of Lyndon and Westminster,

Maidenhead

Roads.

I.ord

Carterett’s

Hilate.

ConmufTioncrt for Army Debts*

Army Debts.

5° Februarii.

A. 1717.

minster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of fylidile-Jex, to be rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cadogan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Suming-lane End, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; was committed: That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the respective Sales of Fee farm Rent, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right honourable./oA>j Lord Carterett, and William Hillerjdon, Esquire, to each other; and to discharge the same from divers Estates, Terms, and Trulls, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof j was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine the Debts due to the Army, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ifoufe, upon the (kid Bill.

A -Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an to the said Committee, That they do appoint the same Commissioners for executing the Powers contained in the said Bill who were appointed by his Majesty to put in Execution the Act, of the last Session, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners to* take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Joseph Mart, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in January 1706, the Earl of Peterborough contracted and agreed with, and gave Orders to the Petitioner, at Cajlillo Plano, in the Kingdom of Vatentia, for the Raising of a Regiment of Foot, and Fifty Horse, for the Service of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to be put upon the English Establishment and Pay; the said Earl then declaring, That he was impowered by her late Majesty so to do: 'fiat the Petitioner raised Eight Companies of Foot, and Fifty Horse; of which toe laid Earl having Notice, gave Orders to Mr. Furley, his Secretary at War, to make and issue out Commissions to the Petitioner, as Colonel of the said Regiment, and Captain of One of the Companies; declaring, That the said Regiment was raised by his Order, for the Service of the Queen, and was to be put upon the English Establishment: That the Commissions were accordingly issued; the said Earl therein reciting, That, by virtue of the Power and Authority granted to him by the Queen, to raise and form Troops of die Natives of , he did constitute the Petitioner Colonel of the said Regiment: And the said Commissions expressly mention, 16

That the Petitioner, and the rest of the Officers of that Regiment, should enjoy, have, and receive, the same Honours, Privileges, and Pay, as the other Officers who served her Majesty in the like Stations and Polls: That the Petitioner, with his said Regiment, and Fifty Horse, immediately after issuing of the said Commissions, which were dated the 4th of February 1706, N. S. served under the Command of lieutenant General , at the Siege of Aticant; and, after the Taking of that Town, in de-

fending several important PalTes, the Town and Castle of Denia, the Town of Satavia, and the Town of Alcoy, where the Petitioner, and his Regiment, were made Prisoners of War: That the Petitioner, and Regiment, being, without the lead Doubt, taken and accepted by all Persons to be one of her Majesty’s Regiments, the Petitioner was induced, at his own Charge and Credit, to maintain and pay the said Regiment, upon the Intreaties, and frequent Delarations, of the said Ear!, my Lord Gall-way, General Richards, and other English Generals, that he would run no Risque in so doing, in regard his said Regiment was upon the English Establishment: That, the Petitioner having hereby entirely exhausted his own Fortunes, and engaged his Credit, his Family is reduced to the utmost Extremity: That, upon a Petition to his Maj. jesty, to be paid what was due to him, his Majesty was pleased to refer the Petitioner’s same to the Consideration of the Commissioners appointed to Hate and determine the Debts due to the Army; recommending a speedy Dispatch therein: That the said Commissioners, not finding the Petitioners said Regiment mentioned in the Lift of those who are upon the English Establishment, that served in Spain, are of Opinion, that they are not authorized, by the Powers now granted to them, to proceed to state the Petitioner’s Demand: That he humbly hopes the Honour of the British Nation will provide, that he be no Sufferer for what he has done for the Service of Great Britain: And praying, That in the Bill now brought in, and depending, for appointing Commissioners to take, state, and determine, the Debts of the Array, a Clause may be inserted to im* power the said Commissioners named to state and adjuli the Petitioner’s Demand; and that he may be paid what shall thereupon appear to be jufllydue to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it appears to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Steele, Mr. Methuen,

Mr. Earl, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wallop, Sir Tho. Palmer, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Briflm, Colonel Bladen, Lord CqLord Wm. Pmolctt, Mr. Craggs, Lord Middleton, Mr. Treby, Sir David Dalrymple,o\t James Campbell, Mr. StanhoperMr. Comptroller, Mr. Carteret, Lord Pagett, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Bellamy, General Wade, Mr. Walpole, Sir

Gordon, Mr. Hutchefim, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

Lord Stanhope, Mr. Heysham, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir Robert Darners, Mr. Neville, General Carpenter, Lord Daume, Mr. Lowndes, Mir. Minsha U, Mr. Bnrriilge, Mr. Roberts; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Complaint of a Breech of Privilege committed against Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, a Member of this House, upon Monday next

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill resolve itself into- a Committee of the whole House, upon 0R the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718;

Resolved, That this House will, open Monday Morning next, resolve itself into & Committee - of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

forfeited

Estatei.

Committee.

Opening Exeter Port fer Wool.

Ditto.

Ditto.

4 Geo. I. 5* — 6° Februarii717

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Coast of France; and so increase the present ill Practice resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of carrying over such Wool thither: And praying, That consider of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed the Port of Exeter may not be opened, for the Importa-to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popttb tion of Wool from Ireland.

Recusants; and of Estates given to superstitious Uses; Order That the said Petition be referred to the in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Use of the Publick; whom the Bill for opening the Port of , for the

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative. A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt and Debtors

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Damages, confined in the Sheriff"s Ward, in the County Petition, before it resolves itself into a Committee of the whole of Cor, was presented to ’ the ‘ House, and read; House, upon the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in setting forth. That the Petitioners being reduced by Mif-Great Britain and Ireland,' for the Use of the Publick, fortunes, and other Severities, to an Incapacity of paying relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to their Debts and Damages; and must inevitably perish; take the said Reports into Consideration. being ready and willing to deliver up all our Effects, to

satisfy our Creditors: And praying such Relief as to the Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till To-fnorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. A Petition of the Tanners of the City of , Exporting

and Places adjacent on behalf of themselves, and others, Bark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is io prejudicial to tfae-English Trade in Leather, that unlefe a speedy Course be. taken to prevent it the English Trade must be utterly loft, and our Skins and Hides not worth the Tanning in England: By the Statute of King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Bark to fell again, or fell any oaken Trees but between the First of and the last of June; which said Statute is now of little Use: And praying, That lb much of the Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the ancient Borough of Ditto.

Nexvcastl under Line, in the County of Stafford, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is. of lo great Prejudice to the Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined thereby; for, if the principal Ingredient for Tanning be exported into Countries where no Duty is pud for Leather, our Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in EnglandA Law was made, in the First Year of King James the First, against the Engrailing of Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unfeaibnable Times of the Year; which Law is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived, and the

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, Traders in Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, in the Port of Bridg- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. water, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth. That there being a Bill, now passing, for opening a Petition of the Tanners in Yeovill, in the County of Ditto the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Somerset, on behalf of themselves, and others, &c. was Ireland; in case the said Port is so opened, and Wool is presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That brought from Ireland to the South Coast of England \io great Quantities of Bark hath been exported into

convenient for exporting it to France, it will be a great Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather, to the great Means of promoting that pernicious Trade: That the Disadvantage of the Tanning-trade; which, if not timely Commodity of Wool, if the said Port is so opened, will prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade; A Statute be engrafted by the Merchants, Tuckers, Manufacturers, was made, in the First Year of King James the Firfij, and others, of Exeter, to the Ruin of the Wool-trade: against the Engrailing of Oak-bark, and Felling of oaken And praying. That the said Bill may not pass into an xree3 at Unfeasonable Times of the Year; which Law is Act- now liecome of little Force: And praying, That so much

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, lo the Exportation of Bark be prohibited, whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Silks, See.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, lay before this House an Account of all wrought Silks, imported sad Owners and Mailers of Ships, with other Traders and Cambricks, and Lawns, imported into England for Seven export*d-Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Biddfford, was Years last; distinguishing annually the Quantities, and presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the from whence imported.

opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Irt/h Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Wool, will expose the Ships and Cargoes to great Hazards lay before this House an Account of all wrought Silks in going round the Land, as well as passing of this and exported from England; distinguishing what are English the South Channel, to the Dangers of being forced on the Manufactures, and what are foreign: expressing annually Vol. 18. 8U the

Jovisy 6° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717*

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Staple Port, and Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the neighbouring Inhabitants, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, have been carried from Ireland to France, contrary to divers Laws made to prevent R: That a Bill is now brought in for making Exeter a Staple Port; and, if such Bill should pals, it would be extremely prejudicial to the Trade of the^Woollen Manufactory; because Ships bound from Ireland to Exeter must pass between this Coast and the Coast of France, and may ealily put so, -and discharge there: And praying, That the Bill for making Exeter a Staple Port may not pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the CooHderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

7i $ 6* Feiruari

the Quantity, <rid id wfiat Pi'accs’ exported; for Seven France; aiiffby the cOrftlfuted’ Importation

Years lafiL irttb these Parts, of vdt Quantities of Worsted, under

Ordered, That (fee CommissionefS of she Custotos db the1 I>enbnitrrtrtktrt of Bay-yarn, which pays but a final! lay before this House an Account of itiTraW S>ilks imported1 Dtrty; awcf which would beitf a gfreat nieafore remedied into England for SOvdfij Years fast; and the Produce of by the malting the Port Of Exon free and open for the the Customs payable thereupon; dlftiriguishing annually importation of Who! froth Irtlandt And praying firctt the Quantities, and from whence unported. Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Commilfeoners of the Customs do Ordered, Thaff the fitrd Petition' fee referred tof the Con-lay before this House an Account of what Money hath sideration of the Committee’ of the whole House, to whom been received on Account of Dover Pier Duty, from the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Pmporta-, May ifoi to May ijtj. tion of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Half-yearly A BQ1 for rtfiktag the DhrHefld of fiAfetibed Lottery Payment* of Annuities, and other Annuities eftaWHhed by an Act of Divnuu*. the Sefllqp of Parliament, payable Half-yearly, cow* rtencing from Christinalaft, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/blved, That this ffottfe will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fuel Bits.

Ktw Silk

lfttafiSnf*

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the

_____ Efgjhth Year of the Reign of the late Queen A one,

ru»up..ffr..%t intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Coirfhmptron of riw SHk, and Mohair Yam, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Booth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chifioell, Mr. Hampdett, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Omey, Mr. Wallop, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bristow, Lord , Mr.

Mr. Ytmge, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Norris, Color-el Morton, Sir Fran. Leicester, Lord Carbary, Sir Cha. Cooke, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Travers, Sir Gilbert , Mr.

WHd, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Earl, Lord Powlett, Mr. Strangways, Mr. Mr. Cartarett,

: Sir Tho. Crbjft, Sir Tho. Palmer. Mr. Draw, Sir Geo.

Warburtorts rot BrudenCU, Lord Havey, Sir Hen. bitty, dir JatniiEatenum, Mr. ChetWynd, Sir Geo. Caf-

tbM, Mr; Bacotf, Mr. Mr. Bond, Mr.

Site, Mr. Morice, Mr. Mr. Cdtmady, Mr. Inge, the Earl Of Barrymore, Mr. Lade, Mr. Ha Iffy; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of,

Lancaster, Yoik, DorsetDevon, and Stafford; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, ht the Speaker’s Chamber.

Opening A petition of the Bay-makers, Inhabitants, and Dealers fcX<Wocd rt the Woollen Manufactory, of the Borough of Colchester, r in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and all

other Traders and Dealers in Wool, in the said Town, and Countiy adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending, for the opening the Port of Exon, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland; and that the Committee have Power to consider what other Ports are proper for that Purpose; and to receive Clauses according: The Petitioners humbly hope they may have the same Respect shewn to them as the Port Of Exon, in regard the Wool to be exported hither will be expended here by the Mafiufafturer; whereby he will receive the immediate Advantage of such Importation; our Demands as great, and our Situation as efifiant from the Pjaces of Supply of Wool, as Exon: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted, in the Bill now depending, to Open the said Port of Colchester, for the Importation of Wool from ,in the fame

manner with the Port of Exon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-liderirtfon of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Ml for Opening Of the Port df Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Ottety Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under very great Difficulties by reason of gfeat Quantities of Wow and Yam continually run 24

A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, Aftfft* importing ants, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Yarn’ Odkhdirtpton, hr the County of Dedbn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under the greatest Difficulties, by reason of the vast Quantities of Wool and Yarn continually rtin from Ireland to France; as also by reason. of the continued Importation into those Parts of great Quantities of Worsted, under the Denomination of Bay-yarn, by reason of the small Duty that Bay-yam pays; which Practices have already greatly impoverllhed vait Numbers of pom’

Spinners and Woolcombers here in this Country: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Treby, from the Commissioners appointed to in* Forfeited quire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and ef Popjlh Estate*, Recufents; and Of Estates given to fijperftitioet Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for tire Use of the Publick; presented to the House, according to Order, an Abstract of the CLims on the forfeited Estatea in England and Ireland, continued from N* 401, to N# 804, both inclusive:

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papa* of this Sefikw.

Colonel Fane reported, from the Committee, to whom Kent-street the Bill for repairing the Highways leading from the Road*. Stones End of Kent street, in the PaaUh of George's Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-loins in East Greenwich, near Black-heath, and to Lewisham Church, in Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill j which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken- into Cenfide-ration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Whcate presented to the House, according Number of to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, of the First Year of the ^orfe* used Reign of his Majesty, which reltrains all Waggoners, by Waggoner* Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered and Declared, That, when the House, or any Candles to We Committee of the whole House, shall be fitting, and Day- brought >u light be ftiut in, that the Serjeant at Arms attending this ^ular Order House do take care, that Candles be brought in, w ithout any particular Order for that Purpose.

Resolved, That the said Order be a Standing Order of the House.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Heretors, and Sufferers by others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Sufferers Rebellion

by

Duke of

Devooshire*s

Estate*

Duke of

Kent's

Estate.

B&thurst's

Estate.

Mine head Election.

Opening Exeter Port for WooL

Forfeited

Estate*.

Ditto.

4 Geo. L 6' — / Fabruarii. .719

by the Burning in the late Rebellion, was presented to foe Hoofe, and read; setting forth, That they being thoie of his Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjects who faffered by the inhuman Practices of Burning and Devafta-tion committed by the barbarous Highlanders; That they had, in the Night-time, their Houses and Substance confirmed by Flumes; their Selves, Wives, and Children, exposed to all the Injuries of a ferere Winter, and be* reaved of their Livings; their Bodies incited, and were forced to take their Lodging in the Snow; their Lodes amounting to 6 or 7,000l. Sterling: And praying to be relieved herein.

And Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That the Petitioners same had been laid before his Majesty; and that his Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint the House, That his Majesty has no Objection against their being relieved in such manner as this House shall thiqk fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to (he Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom (he Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Britain

and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Oriebar and Mr. Metier:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords have pafibd a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, 00 the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Catharine Hoskins, Spinster, only Child of John Hoskins Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Duke 6f Kent, and Anthony Grey Esquire, commonly called Earl of Harr old, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of Harrotdi and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire foe Concurrence of this House: AUo,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing foe Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his Three Sons under his Will; and exchanging Ground-rents in Wupping, in Middlesex, for another Rent of like

Value; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lends desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then foe MefTengeis withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Thomas Gage and Samuel Edwyn Esquires, complaining of an undae EleQaon and Return for the Borough rtf’ JHinehead, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this Hoafe upon Monday Fortnight.

The Orders of the Day being rend;

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve kself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for opening the Port of , for the Importation of Wool from Ireland.

_ 4

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at One of the Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider -of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recufonts; and of Estates given to foperftitious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Priblick.

Vol. 18.

The House resolved itself info a Cowfotee el the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating th*Uoi the Forces to be continued in hia Mqjaffy’a Service i and Forc*' for Payment of the said Forces* and of their Quarters; and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Gyles Erie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Gyles Erie reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendb-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when foe House will please to receive foe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of foe Clock.

Veneris y 7® die Febr \

Anno 4® Georgii Regis, 17T7.

Prayers.

AN ingrossfed BM, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the most Nebte Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish Esquire^ commonly called Marquis of Hartingtm, Sou and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on tho Marriage of foe laid Marquis of Hartington with Catharine Hoskins Spinster1, only Child of John Hoskins Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Ad* dress, of Wednesdaylaft. That his Majesty would be gra-

ciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for putting in Execution the Laws made against unlawful Clubs and Combinations; and for preventing Tumults, and riotous Assemblies; and for the more speedy and effectual po-nishing Rioters; hath been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty hath given Directions for a Proclamation, according to the Desire of this House.

An ingossed Bill, from foe Lords, intituled, An Act Duke to enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey Kens* Esquire, commonly called Earl of Harrotd, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of foe feid Earl of Harrold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Refoboed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossfed Bill, from she Lords, intituled, An Act for etiabWhing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his Three Sons under his Will; and exchanging Ground-rents in Wapping, in Middlesex, for another Rent, of the like Value; and other Purposes therein mentioned; wap read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Sir Broughton privilege Baronet, a Member of this House, hath received Satis- faction in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of to have been committed against him;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the Complaint of the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bamftapk Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in foe County of Devon, in the room of Sir Arthur Chichester Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Fraod4 -m Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the clan- Cust &c. destine Runtime of Good*: And the same was received.

Mr.

Duke of

DevonftiuVs

Estate.

Answer to Addrefe.

fnfolvetil

Debtors.

RtguUting the Land Forces.

Ways and Means.

Gold and Silrtr Coins.

Coinage of Guineas.

Opening Exeter Port for Wool.

Committees.

Exporting

Bark.

720 70 — 8° Februarii. 717.

Mr. Lomther prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discharging such insolvent Debtors as are now in Gaol, and who were actually Prisoners the Twenty -fifth of December 1716: And the same was received.

Mr. Gyles Erie, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Forces to be continued in his Majesty’s Service; and for Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; and for pnnishing Mutiny and Desertion; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent Constables, or such other Persons as shall be employed in Quartering or Billetting of Officers or Soldiers, receiving or demanding of Money, or any Reward, for or on Account of excusing any Perifoh from quartering, or receiving into his House, any Officer or Soldier:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the Justices of the Peace to require the Constables, and other Persons quartering or billetting Soldiers, to give them an Account, in Writing, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers quartered or billetted; and also of the Names of the Housekeepers, Streets, and Signs; to the end there may be no Abuses in Quartering or Billetting of the Soldiers:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And the Clause was amended; and then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Methods for preventing the Walie of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

v Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in and near the Towns of Leeds and in

the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Exportation of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty, is paid to his Majesty for Leather, is so detrimental to the Petitioners, and to all others of the same Trade, that, unless feme speedy Course be taken to prevent this growing Evil, it will most certainly destroy the English Trade in Leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and Shoemakers, in and about the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves, and all others employed in the Leather-trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Leather-trade is very much ' decayed of late Years, by reason of the Exportation of Bark to Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which hath occasioned several Persons to leave their Trades in this Kingdom, and retire to Ireland', to the great Diiadvantage of the Leather-trade: And pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Bark.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in Malmsbury, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, fife. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is so prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather, that, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade tnuft be utterly loft, and our Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning in England: That, by a Statute of King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Bark to fell agaiu, or fell any oaken Trees, but between the First o I April and the last of June; which’ said Statute

is now of little Use: And praying, That so, much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, Leather-dressers, and Cutters of Leather, of the Town and Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, on the behalf of themselves, arid others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported from these Parts into Ireland, where there is no Duty paid on Hides: That this Country, which formerly supplied Cornwall, and Part of Somersetshire, have not a Sufficiency left to carry on our Trade: And a Law was made against Gaihing and Cutting of Hides and Skins in the Flaying; as also another Statute against the Engrafting of oaken Bark to fell again, and Falling of oaken Trees at unseasonable Times of the Year; but those Laws are made of no Effect: And praying, That the said Statutes may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in Winton and Alesford, in the County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8gc. was presented to 'the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Disadvantage of the Tanning-trade of this Kingdom; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade: A Statute was made in the First Year of King James First, against the Engrafting of Oak-bark; but is now become of little Force: And praying, That so much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides, S,'c. in Wantage, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves and others, S’c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of

English

Exporting

Bark.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Djtto.

4 Geo. I.

English Bark bath been Exported into Ireland, wlrere no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will toon destroy the Leather-ti ade of this Kingdom: A jLaw was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against Engrofiing of oaken Bark, and Felling'of Trees, at unseasonable times in the Year; which Law is now of little Ufc: And praying, That so much of the Statute 89 relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Drawback 0,1 A Petition of the Matters. Wardens, and Community Leather. of Shoemakere, in the Town and Corporation of Bridgnorth, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Duty upon Leather is of very pernicious Consequence to the Manufacturer; and their Families, and poor Workmen, are in a deplorable Condition, for want uot only of Employ, but for want of Leather; it being engrossed, and bought up by the Merchants, and transported into foreign Parts; encouraged by the Drawback that is allowed them; and foreign Countries supplied with our best Leather, and at cheaper Rates than we arer And praying, That the Draw back upon Leather exported may be taken off, and Irish Hides and Skins be allowed to l»e imported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Exeter Port Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of,

L°r Carhanipton, Porloch, and , in the County of Somerset, together with the Tradesmen and Labourers in the Woollen Manufactory in the Towns, and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Port and Harbour of Mine-head has been, and now is, a very useful and advantageous Port to tire Trade of this Kingdom; and we cannot foresee any Manner of Benefit will accrue by making Exeter a Staple Port; for as Exeter lies neighbouring on the French Coast, it may very probably give Occasion of running, or lending. Quantities of Wool to France: And praying, That the Bill may not pals for making Exeter a Sta|de Port.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of , for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and principal Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, of the City of Ncncich, on behalf of themselves, and many Thou-fimds in and about the said City employed in the woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the said City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, great Quantities of Wool are manufactured: That perceiving a Bill hath been brought in for opeuing the Port of Exeter for the Importation of Wool from Ireland; which Bill hath been committed to a Committee; with Instructions, That they consider what other Ports arc proper to be opened; with Power to receive Clauses accordingly: And praying, That the Port of Great Yannouth, in the County of Norfolk, may be opened for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, in such Manner as the Port of Exeter is to be; and that a Clause may be added to the same accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Running A Petition of the Merchants of the Town and County

Fn-nch of Southampton, Importers of Wine and Brandy, and 1-a.n y> c. 0t)ier foreign Goods, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Practice of defrauding his Majesty’s Revenues and Customs in Wine, Brandy, and other Goods, have been very much increased; to the great Detriment of all fair Traders: That, for several Years, during the late War, were usually imported by us from One hundred to One hundred and Fifty 1 uns of Brandy, and much contiderable Quantities of Wine, annually, into

Vei.. 13.

this Port; they are lo reduced by those Persons, who run the Duty, under-felling them, that, for these Two Years past, scarce Three Tuns of Brandy, and very few Wines, are imported: And praying, That a Stop may be put to such evil Practices.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant td Bodmin the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable Francis Robarts Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for finishing the Tower of the ParHh Church of st KlicbaeFs, Saint MichaeCs Cornlnll, out of the Duties ariliDg pur- Cornhill,

suant to an Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for Church, building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, to whom Shepperd-the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to fous enable Ralph Shepperdson Esquire to make Sale Of his Estate in Studley Roger, in the County of York, freed

from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Marriage Settlement; and to settle Ids Estate at East Murton, in the County of Durham, to the same User; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, tq the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill ia at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Re- Maidenhead-port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing Road*, the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-lane End, in the lload to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of -Berks; was committed: '

And the Amendments made by the Committee thereunto, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevferally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Kent-street Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repair- Roads, ing the Highways leading from the Stones End of Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George's, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Blackheath, and to Lewisham Church, in Tunbridge

Road, in the County of Kent, was committed:

And the Amendments/made by the Committee, thereunto, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Joseph Erie reported from the Committee, to Bristol Poor, whom the Bill for the better explaining the Acts passed for Erecting of llolpitals within the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed;

That they had made several Amendments thereunto;

8 X which 1

Febfuarii.

jit — ioG Februarii, 1717*

which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the BilL and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider-atipp upon Monday Morning next

The Orders of the Day being read;

Half-yearly Refohed, That this House will, upon next.

Payments of 'jVelve of the Clock, resplve ifcself into a Committee m e" of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Dfvi-' dend of subscriUed Lottery Annuities, and outer Annuities, eftftblished by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christum lait.

Forfeited The House resolved Hself into a Committee of the tftau*. whole House, to consider of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recufeots; and of Estates given to feperfdtious Uses; in order to raise Money out of them severally, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Commission- Refohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-

ers for Army ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Debt*. House, upon the Bill, to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, Jhe Debts due to the Army.

t

Aim! then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T1" >- "nj ‘in ,w

Luna, 10° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pea tees.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Sir Thomas and Mr. Rogers;

Mr. Speaker,

Lerd The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Nurborwigh’s vesting the great Tythes, and Glebe-lands, belonging to Estate. the Rectory of Saxby, in the County of , in the

Right honourable Bennett Lord and his

Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, and an Anuuity, to b« settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors for ever; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

I ord An ingrossed BiH, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

C irterf tt’s for confirming the respective Sales of a Fee-farm Rent, Etiaie. and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right honourable

John Lord Carterett, and William Esquire, to

each other; and to discharge the same from clivers Estates, Terms, and Trusts, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Carterett, Mr. , Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Smith, Lord

xcorth, Mr. Cater, Mr. Inge, Mr. Sir John Kyles,

Mr. Stephens, Sir Wilfred Lcrwfm, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Phimptre, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Douglas, Mr. White,

Sir Ckaries Cook, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Brace, Sir Thomas Wheate, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Robert Dovers, Lord William Poudett, Mr. Coffin, Mr. London, Mr. Merick, Mr. Honyw Mr. Dreice, Mr. Lade, Mr. Hcy/lunn^Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Herne, Mr. Halsey,

Sir William Humfreys, Mr. . Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Powlett, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. , Mr. Jeffbp; and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Bedford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vesting the great-Tythes, and Glebe-lands, belonging Harborough'# to the Rectory of Sarby, in the County of Leicester, in Estate* the Right honourable Bennett Lord Harborough, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, and an Annuity, to be settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors for ever; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skills, &;c. in Exporting the Town and County of Leicester, on behalf of them- selves, and others, fife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather, to the great Di&dvantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in English Leather; which, if not timely prevented, must quickly destroy the Leather-trade:

And praying, that the Exportation of Bark may be pro* hibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the County of Monmouth, Ditto, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather; and, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade will be utterly loft, and our Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning in England', and, by the Statute of King James the First, it was enacted.

That no Person should engrofe any oaken Bark to fell again, or fill any oaken Trees but between the First of April and the lan of June; which feid Statute is now of little Ufc: And praying. That lb much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins for the Ditto. Corporation of Bedford, on behalf* of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; and is a great Disadvantage to the Petitioners; and, if not timely prevented, must, in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Tanners, and ether Dealers in Lea- Ditto ther, in the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark is so prejudicial to the Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must undoubtedly be ruined; and, if the chief Ingredient for Tanning should be exported into another Kingdom, where no Duty is paid for Leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablet

A Petition of the Tanners, and other Dealers in Lea- Ditto ther, in the County of Essex, on the behalf of themselves, and others, dgc. was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth. That the Exportation of Oak-bark is so prejudicial to foe Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must suffer great Damages thereby; and as Leather is one of the chief Manufactures of England, and Bark the only Material for tanning the fame, so it is foe greatest Hardfoip imaginable, that it should be exported into another Kingdom, where his Majesty receives do Duty for leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in and Ditto, near the Towns of Bradford, Hallifax, and Otley, in foe West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the

House,

4 Geo. L iob Feb'r 723

Hoofe, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty is paid to his Majesty for leather, is to detrimental to the Petitioners, and all others of the same Trade, that, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent this growing Evil, it will most cer* tainly destroy the English Trade in Leather i And praying such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tables

Exporting A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Bark* Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and If the chief Ingredient for tanning the fame, which* is Oak-bark, be futfered to be exported into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the Englisk'Ira&z mull come to Ruin: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

fytto. A Petition of the Tanners of the Boroughs of -pool and Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read s setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is of so great Prejudice to the Tanning-trade, that unless a speedy Sto[r be put thereto, that Trade mull inevitably be ruined; and if the principal Ingredient for Tanning be exported into Countries where no Duty is paid for Leather, our English Hides and Skins will not be worth Tanning in England: A Law was made, in the Reign of King James the First against the Engrolling of Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at urifeafbnable times of the Year$ which Law is now made ineffectual; And praying. That the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Slant in Richmond, Middleham , Beadhall, and Places adjacent, in the North Riding of the County of York, on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is. one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and, if the chief Ingredient for tanning the same, which is Oak-bark, be differed to be exported into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the English Trade must come to Ruin: And praying such Relief as to the House JhaJl feera meet.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins, for the West Part of the County of York, was presented to the House, and readj setting foith, That the Exportation of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather, is lb detrimental to the Petitioners, and all others of the same Trade, that, unless feme speedy Course be taken to prevent this avowing Evil, it will most certainly destroy the English Trade in Leather, as the Petitioners are daily fenftble of in this Part of the Kingdom: And praying such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Tabic.

fiitto. A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins, and* Cur-

riers, within the Town of Cambridge, on behalf of fhen»-selves, and others, Sic. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Di fad vantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in English Leather; which, if. not timely prevented, mult, in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Opening A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchaots, and

Exeter Port others, of the Borough of Barnstaple, trading in Whol,

You 18.

find Woollen Manufe&ure, waS {ji*eferrttetf to flife House, and read; letting forth, That whereas there is a Bill ordered to be brought in for the free Importation of Wool to Exeter from Ireland; which, we apprehend, will give a new Encouragement to the Runners of Wool, under Pretence of carrying it to Exeter, to land it in France i And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitiohbe referred to the Cotl-lideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Opening Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, in the several Towns Exeter Port of Chard and Combe Saint Nicholas, in the county of for 'Vooli Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth* That,' notwithstanding the Laws to prevent the Exportation of Wool to France, yet great Quantities arc exported thither, especiully from Ireland; to the great Discouragement of the Woollen Manufacture; and, under the Notion of Bay ‘yarn, large Quantities of Worsted Yarn hath been, and is continually, imported into this Kingdom from Ireland ] in Elution of the Laws to the contrary: That the opening of the Port of Exeter, bit the Importation of Wool theither from , will

be of great Disadvantage to this Country; in regard that the Passage to the said Port lies so handy to France, that it’s easier to get thither than to the Port of Exeter i And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*

15deration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importa* tion of Wool from Ireland\is committed.

1

A Petition of the Gentry, and others the Inhabitants, East of the several Parishes of Epsom, alias Ebisham, Lather- Gnnstead head, Ashted, Ewell, and the adjacent Parishes, in the °*J*' Courtly of Surrey, whole Names are thereunder-written, and others the Gentry relbrting to Epsom, as aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That whereas there being a Bill now depending for amending the Rofids from the City of London to East Crinstead, iti the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the said County of Surrey: And praying,

Tlwrt a Clause may be mferted in the said Bill, for amending the common Highway leading between Nonfitch Park and !Forces ter Park; and from that End of Non such Park next to Eivell aforesaid, to the White Post now at the End

of the Lane leading from thence to Moreton, in Surrey aforesaid; it being the most direct Road from the said several Parishes to the ferd City of London.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; is committed; be received.

A Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed ttr put St Gyles'* in Execution the AOs, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of in the FieW» her late Majesty’s Reign, for building Fifty new Churches C urc in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the ParHh-church of Saint Gyles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlejix, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

A Bill to repeal an Act, of the First Year of the Reign pjnipher of his Majesty, which re (trains all Waggoners, Carriers, Horses uftd and others, from drawing.any Carriage with more than br Waggon-

Five *r*'

A

724 1 °9~11 ° F .17 r 7.

live Horses in Length I and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas JVheate, Sir Richard Gough, Mr. Mr. Cater,

Sir Thomas Read, Lord fVm. Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Brace, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Herne, Mr. C Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Inge, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Halsey, Sir Henry Sir fVm. Daines, Mr.

Harley, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. London, Mr. Smith, Mr. Coffin, Mr. Cowper, Sir Nicholas Carew, Mr. Booth, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Forester, Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Merick, Mr. Lade, Mr. IVcstphaling, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Reynell, Sir JohnfValter, Sir Thomas Cruffe, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hucks; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxon, Bucks, Berks, Northampton, Bedford, Gloucester, Wilts, Worcester, and

folk: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Buckingham reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Crown

Conies', in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Sh and Heckfoild, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to stoke, in the County of Southampton, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next.

striftol Poor. The House, according to Order, proceeded to -take into Confederation the Report from the Committee,

; to whom the Bill for the better explaining the Acts

passed for Erecting of Hospitals within _ the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed:

And the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Millet Yeatman, a Servant to George Treby, Esquire, a Member of this House. hath been arrested by John Rogers, Attorney, and John Ruffill and Nathanael Hill, Bailiffs, at the Suit of John Barnard and John Bridge; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Duties on whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had considered of the several Petitions to them referred; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

St.Micbad’s, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Church!* w^e House, upon the Bill for finithingtbe Tower of the

the Parish Church of Saint Michaels, Comhill, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Heyshamtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Heysham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° die Februarit;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Devouflui*’* Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Catharine Hoskins Spinster, only Child of John Hoskins Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cavendish, Sir William Daines, Ceneral Wroth, Mr. Leigh,

Mr. Thompson, Sir Charles Hot ham. Lord

Mr. Heath, Mr. Morice, Mr. Brodrick, Sir John Brown-

low, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Turner, General Pepper, Mr,

Clayton, Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Fumefe, Mr. Herne,

Mr. Guydott, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Richard Steele, Mr.:

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cater, Mr. Offley, Mr.

Wallop, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Powlett, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Wilmer, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Rowney, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr.

Diston, Sir Robert Dovers, Colonel Townefend, Sir Johnston, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Lade, Lord Stanhope, Mr. Minshall, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

North, Mr. Vaughan; and all that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, York, Derby, Nottingham, Lancaster,

Stafford, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. ' Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for D,fcc veiling the Manor of Esher Watervile, and other Lands Newcastle* therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-charges to be bluing out of the lame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use.of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the Poor of the find Town: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Downing* making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement be- Eftat*. tween Sir George Downing, Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester, Knight, and her Trustees: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Duke of enable Heniy Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey Esquire, Kent’* Efua*, commonly called Earl of Harrold, to make a Jointure for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of and for

other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Bathurst’s

JEstate.

Duke of N e wcastle'i ECtate.

Downing's

Estate.

St. Michael's Corn hill, Church.

4 Geo. I. 11° Februariu

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr. Cuter, Sir Tho. Sir

Corbett, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Yotige, Mr. General Wroth, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Trtby, Mr. Bond, Mr. Pitt, Mr Mr. Monro, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord

Rowlett, Lord Sands, Mr. Comptroller, Mi;.

Sir John Rogers, Mr Butler, Mr. Smith, Mr. Craggs, Colonel Morton, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Hill, Mr. Eden, Mr. Forester, Mr. BrodMr. Carterett, Mr. Naylor, Colonel Cadogan, Mr. Earl, Mr. Sir

John Norris, Mr. LawJ'on, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Grego, Mr. Mr1. Serjeant Mead, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Mr. North,

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Feilding, Mr. Offley, Mr. Westphaling; and all that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Wilts, Suffolk, Essex, Surry, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his Three Sons under his Will; and exchanging Ground-rents in Wapping, in Middle [ex, for another Rent of like Value; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ,»

Air. Bathurst, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Herne, Sir Win. Wyndham, Sir Fran. Leicester, General Ross, Mr. Calmady, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Ward, Mr. Drezie, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr. Mr. Carfzvright,

Air. Butler, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Air. Wriffit/bn, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Earl, Lord Sir

Isaac Rebow, Sir John Norris, Mr. Mr. North,

Sir Wm. Gordon, General Pepper, Mr. Heysham, Sir nathan Cope, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr. Carter,

Air. Cater, Mr. Pitt, General Wroth, Lord Middleton, Mr. Cowper, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Sir Corbett, Mr.

Whitmore, Mr. Rcyncll, Sir Cha. Cook, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John Cope, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Ward, Mr. Naylor, Air. and all that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Berks, Bucks, Gloucester, Leicester, Wilts, Northampton, Lincoln, Oxford, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lord, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Esher and other

Lands therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-charges to be issuing out of the fame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, in Trust, for the Poor of the said Town; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement between Sir George Downing Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester, Knight, and her Trustees, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Heysham, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for finishing the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Michaels, Cornhill, out of the Duties arising, pursuant to an Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame-were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by

Vol. 18.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor con- P."V' S 0,1 tinuing the Duties on Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, u

for the Service of the Year 1718; was Committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Dormer and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, Kildare’s deceased, towards Payment of his Debts; and for other Estate* Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the Hoilfe, Call of the being read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Half-yearly Iblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Payments of the Bill for making the Dividend of Ibbferibed Lottery Dividend*. Annuities, and other Annuities, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christmas last; .»

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Afoming, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Forfeited resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Estate*. the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the prolonging the Time for receiving Claims.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Corporation of Preston, who were Sufferers by the late Rebellion, on behalf of themselves, and other poor Sufferers there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in order to reduce the late Rebels, then in Possession of Preston, it was thought fit, by the General, and other Officers, during the Action, to let the Town on Fire in several Places; which was accordingly done; and had the designed Eflfeft; and tended to the Defeat of those Rebels; and the Petitioners, to their utmost, promoted his Majesty’s Service in that Affair; but the Damage occasioned by those Fires, and the Goods, loft and destroyed in that Confofion, fell heavy on the Petitioners, feme being utterly undone thereby; the whole Loss amounting to Five thousand Pounds, and upwards:

And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Air. Comptroller acquainted the House, That the Petitioners same had been represented to his Majesty; and that he is commanded to acquaint the House,' That his Majesty does consent, that the Petitioners should have such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief. 1

8 Y ' A Petitioa

11* — ii* Februafii

A. 1717.

Scan (brick’s, A Petition of Robert Esquire, John Ashton

&c. forfeited and John G regfon G entlemen, was presented to the House, Estate' and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were in-disted, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for High Treason for the late Rebellion in Lancashire; and, on the Twenty-fourth Day of July 1716, were outlawed, being then beyond Seas: That the Petitioners, pursuant to the Statute of the Fifth and Sixth of King Edward the Sixth, within a Year after the said Outlawry, did surrender themselves to the Right honourable the Lord Parker, Lord Chief Justice of England; and were, by him, committed to Newgate, in order to be sent down, and tried, pursuant to the said Statute; That the Petitioners are advised, That, by some general Words in a Bill depending, intituled, A Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, they will be deprived of the Benefit provided for them by the said Statute: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Clause to explain the said general Words, that they may have the Benefit of their surrender, and be tried as the Law directs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That nothing in the said Bill shall extend to invalidate a Grant, from his present Majesty to Simon Lord Lovat, of the Life-rent Escheatof Alexander Mackenzie, of Frazerdale.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the } .32.

Teltofor theN^ } 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair accordingly.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Commission- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

D*buAnny next> re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, Rate, and determine, the Debts due to the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12® die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Earl of, A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kddara’a f\ for Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Elute. KUdofe, deceased, towards Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Relanding A Petition of several Merchants, Importers, and Traders

Cioof'-i aner in Coffee, and other Goods, in behalf of themselves, and Drawback others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 14th of January last, Mr

Jicld, of London, Merchant, entered out on board The En-

deavour, Andrew Walker, Mailer, for Holland, Two thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Weight of Coffee:

That, on the same Day, Frederick of London,

Merchant, entered on the same Ship, for Holland, Two thousand Three hundred Twenty-five Pounds Weight of Coffee: Upon Reasons of Suspicion, a strict Examination was made of the said Ship; and the said Coffee could not be found, but empty Bales only remained on board 1 There are many other Practices of the like Nature, to the Lois of the Publick, and to the very great Prejudice of the fair Trader: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aiid it is referred to Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lade, Mr.

Heysham, Colonel Bladen, Sir WDairies, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Samuel Lennard, Mr.

Earl, Mr. Heath, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Norris, Mr. Wild, Mr. Diston, Mr. Bond, Mr. Saw-bridge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Offley, Mr. Hill,

Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Betts, Sir Barnham Rider, Mr. Winstanley, Colonel Fleming, Sir George Cafivall, Mr.

Jejfop, Mr. Methuen, Sir Robert Davers, Colonel Cado-gan, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Newland, Mr. Jordan, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Walter, Mr. Herne,

Mr. Treby, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cater, Sir John Cope, Mr. Norris, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Mr. Inge; and all the Merchants of the House; and the Members that serve for Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that they do fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire. into the Frauds committed by running of Goods, and into the Frauds committed by Relanding of Goods after the Drawback on Exportation has been allowed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and others, id Running the City of Worcester, on behalf of themselves, and other French Owners of Land in and about the said City, was pre- Brandy-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the County of Worcester, and other Counties, there groweth considerable Quantities of wild Pears, and Crab-apples, that is much used by Distillers in making Brandy: That the Brandy drawn from this Fruit is found to be fit for Exportation to foreign Parts, especially when mixed with Brandy drawn from Sugar or Moloffes: That the inland Trade for British Brandy is much obstructed by the Running of great Quantities of French Brandy; to the Prejudice of the fair Trader: That a great deal of our Brandy would be exported into foreign Parts; but the Brandy manufactured in this Kingdom is kept from being shipped out by reason of the Duties laid on low Wines, and Spirits, without Provision for a Drawback on Exportation as is allowed on most Manufactures that pay a Duty; which makes them too dear for Merchants to buy, because they are under-fold in foreign Markets: And praying, That the Running of French Brandy may be prevented, and the Exportation of Brandy made in this Kingdom be encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, be read.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, East and Landholders, in and about the Parish of Rygate, was Grinfield, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they &c. Road, have Four steep Chalk Hills, and more Ways leading to those Hills, to keep in Repair within the said Parish; and have often repeated Six Pence in the Pound, besides the Expence of Paving, and keeping good that Pavement; by which means Three Miles are made Way: That the 1 urnpikes proposed to be erected u ill not mend Twenty Miles bad Way, when those erected in Borners-lane, Sec.

1 ‘ have

4 Geo. I. 12° Februarii-. jij

have not mended Two Miles in One-and-twenty Years: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Suffixand to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry; was committed; be received.

Opening A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Merchants, and for \Vool>0rt Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, refuting within the Towns of Wellington, Wivclifcombe, Milverton, West Buckland, and Places adjacent, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the principal Trade of the said Towns consists in the Making of Druggets, Serges, Cloth Serges, 8$c. and other Woollen Commodities: That, notwithstanding several Laws made to prevent the Exportation of Wool to France, and particularly from Ireland; yet that clandef-tine Practice is (till carried on, to the vast Detriment of Trade, and of his Majesty’s Revenue: That great Quantities of Worsted Yarn are imported from Ireland, under the Denomination of Bay-yam, being no other than Worsted Yarn, and used as such, and bought much cheaper than it can be made here: That their Neighbours, who have the Opportunity of buying and using the Worsted Yarn so imported, being thereby rendered capable to imder-li.il the Petitioners: That the Consequence of opening the Port of Exeter, for ,the Importation of Wool, may be very fatal, and dangerous, in regard the Ships, in which such Wool must lie brought thither, will have the Opportunities to run their Goods to France, it being easier for them lo to do than to reach Exeter: And praying such Relief as to the Iloufe shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Importing Petition of the Clothiers, Stuffinakers, Dyers, lrifli Yarn. Weavers, Spoollers, Tuckers, and other Manufacturers in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Parishes of Bedminster, Bussleton, Keynsham, Chew Magna,

Stoke, Pensford, WKilechurch, and several other Places in the County of Somerset, on the behalf of themselves, and Thousands of others concerned in the same Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been, for many Years last past, em-poyed and bred up in the Woollen Manufacture; which hath, in some measure, been supported by the Importation of Irish Yarn; which, being mixed with English, have enabled the Makers thereof to afford the same at such reasonable Rates, that they might fell in foreign Markets equal at what is made by Foreigners; but being informed there is a Design to obtain an Act of Parliament to discourage the Importation of Irish Yarn, by adding a farther Duty; which will be the total Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, Alder-Yarmouth men, Common-councilmen, Merchants, and Traders, of Tort for the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, Wool. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

the Import and Export of the City of and great

Part of the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, is made by the Port of the said Town: That the Makers of the Woollen and Worsted Manufactures in the said City, as well as of many other considerable Towns, would receive very great Encouragement, much Charge would be saved to them, and they thereby enabled to fell their Manufactures cheaper in foreign Markets, was the Importation of Wool from Ireland made directly to the said Town: And

Vol. 18.

praying, That the Town of Great Yarmouth may be declared a lawful Port, for the importing Wool from Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Wardens, Assistants, and Freemen, of Drawback the Community of Shoemakers, of Shrewsbury, was pre- on Leather' fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is iery pernicious to the Manufacturer, chiefly for want of Leather; it being bought up by the Merchants, to fend away, by reafen of the Drawback that is allowed to them; so that foreign Countries are supplied with our best Leather at cheaper Rates than we are: And praying, That the Drawback upon Leather exported may be taken off; and that Irish Hides and Calves-skins may be allowed to be imported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Community of Ditto. Shoemakers, within the City of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others of the said Trade,

4*0. within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, ftnee the great Duty laid upon Leather, the Merchants have bought up vast Quantities thereof, and exported the same unwrought, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; and many Thousands of Families, who are ready to starve for want of Work: That the said Merchants buy the best of Leather, and that very dry, from the Tanners; which they cause to be wetted, in order for close Packing; whereby it weighs a Fifth Part more than what the said Leather first paid Duty for; and thereby are able to furnish foreign Countries with our best Leather, and at cheaper Rates than we can buy for ready Money in our own Markets: And praying, That the Drawback upon Leather exported may be taken off: and that Irish Hides and Skins may be imported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

A Petition of Richard Perry, of London, Merchant, offless in behalf of John Offley, late of Bloomsbury, in the County Debt to the

of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; set- Crown, ting forth, That John Offley became bound at the Custom-house for Henry Offley, late of London, Merchant, in fundiy

Bonds, for the Duties on Tobacco: The said Henry Offley became insolvent, and an Extent was issued out against him; which occasioned the said John Offley to withdraw himself from his Place of Abode, and an Extent issued out against him likewise: That the said John Offley is w-illing to discharge the Obligations he lieth under to the Crown on Account of the said Henry Offley, as much as in him lieth:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill; to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the said John Offley for the Debts he stands engaged for to the Crown, for the Duties on Tobacco, on Account of Henry Offley.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Forces to be con- Regulating tinued in his Majesty’s Service; and for Payment of the the Forces, said Forces, and of their Quarters; and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; was read the Third time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass; 1

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, ] >86.

Tellers for the Noes, jl'T Sf*"’ } »5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the

Title

Ways and Means.

Gold and Silver Coins.

Coinage of Guineas.

Reading, fcc. Roads.

Half-yearly Payment of Dividends.

728 1 a8 — 13°

Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggsdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading leading by and' through the several Parishes of Shinfeild and Heckfeild, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, with Amendments to feme of them; agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order being read, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christmas last;

And the House being moved, That the Clause in the Act. of the Third Year of King George, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transferrableatthe Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Linseed imported, and British Linen exported; relating to the Payment of Army Debentures; might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Pow er to receive a Clause to make the Interest to be due on Debentures issued by the Commissioners for taking, examining, dating, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, payable at the Bank.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Morice took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Morice reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Repot t be leceived Tomorrow Morning,

Februarii. A. 1717.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 130 die Februarii;

Annp 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead

Maidenhead Bridge to SunningEnd, in the Road*.

Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-lane End, next to drey ford, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Cadogan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That Mr. , Re- Dover Pier

ceiver General of the Customs, attended at the Door; Duties.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Money received for Dover Pier Duty, from May 1701 to May 1717.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is tis follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs.

Pursuant to your Minute of the Seventh Instant, the Account under-mentioned is sent you, containing the Sums received for Dower Pier Duties, from May 1701 to May 1717, as appears to me by the Books remaining in my Office; viz.

£. s. d.

From May 1701 to May 1717 - - 18,898 — 8 7th February 1717.

All which is humbly submitted, 8$c.

Fra. Hawes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That a Person from the silk, &c. ex-Commissioners of the Customs'attended at the Door; ported and He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the lmPortecl* jdoufe the Accounts following; viz.

An Account shewing the S pecies and Quantities of Silks wrought imported into England, and from what Parts, in Seven distinct Years, from Christ nuts 1709 to Christmas 1716: And also,

An Account shewing the Quantity of Cambricks and Lawns imported into England, and from what Parts, in Seven distinct Years, from Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1716: And also,

An Account shewing the Species and Quantity of raw Silks imported into England, and the Produce of the Customs payable thereupon, in Seven Years, from Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1716: And also,

An Account shewing the Quantity of English wrought Silks exported to all foreign Parts, in Seven distinct Years, from Christmas 1709 to Christmas 1716: And also,

An Account shewing the Species and Quantity of wrought Silk3 exported from England, and to what foreign Parts, in Seven distinct Years, from Christmas 1709 to Christinas 1716.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Booth reported from the Committee, to whom the J*_aw *'!k Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth — cloth l°r*

14 Year Button.-.

4 Geo. I. 13° Febr 7a0

Year of the Reign of the late Queen intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Bristol Poor. An ingrossed Bill for the better explaining the A fits passed for Erefiting of Hospitals within the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and for making the said Afits more effefitual; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Press 5. Line 14. To leave out *‘fo," and, instead thereof, toinfert " such junior:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ }138‘

Tellers for the Noes,} 83‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the better explaining several Afits,

therein mentioned, for Erefiling of Hospitals and Work-

houses within the City of Bristol, for the Employing and Maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said Afits more effefitual.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Earl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kaft Grin- Sir Nicholas Carew reported from the Committee of the

tad IU>«dc. whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East in the County of Sussex: and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey: was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had direfifced him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of John Stapylton Esquire was presented to tkttK>n* the House, and read; letting forth. That at the last Elefition of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of B in the County of York, in the room of Thomas niUdnfon Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Receiver General of the Duties on Houses for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland, Sir Wilfred Baronet, and the

Petitioner, stood Candidates; when the Petitioner was duly elefited to represent the find Borough, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but, by the indirect and corrupt Prafitices and Proceedings of the said Sir Wilfred Laxcfon, and his Agents, particularly Mr. William Man, Postmaster of the said Borough, who took upon himself illegally to afit as Bailiff thereof, he the said Sir Wilfred Lawson, without being duly chosen, is returned, instead of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several Boroughmen of the said Borough

of Baroughbridge, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Vol. 18.

a Writ having lately issued for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Thomas Wilkiifon Esquire; whole Election being void by his accepting the Office of Receiver General of the Duties on Houses for the Counties of York> Durham, and Northumberland \Sir Wilfred Lawson Baronet, and

John Stapylton Esquire, stood Candidates; and the said Mr. Stapylton was then duly elefited by a Majority of Votes qualified to vote; notwithstanding which, one Mr.

William Man, Postmaster of the said Borough, under colour of being Bailiff, to which Office he was not duly elefited, having got Possession of the Sheriff’s Precept, proceeded, in an undue and irregular manner, to the said Elefition; and has returned the said Sir Wilfred Lawson, though not duly elefited, to the Sheriff, who hath made a Return of him accordingly; to the manifest Wrong and Prejudice of the said Mr. Stapylton, and the said Borough: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the find Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ship- Tra(je ping, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to and Sweden, from Sweden, was offered to be presented to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be now brought upj

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

|122,*

Tellers for the }l5&

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for t Bertie'* the better enabling the honourable James Bertie Esquire Eta*, to raise Portions for his younger Children: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Opening resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exeter 1>ort the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Impor- for tation of Wool from Ireland; '

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, the Town and Port of Southampton being very commodious for the several Towns in Hampshire and Wiltshire, which are very much concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of Wool; and who are now obliged to buy Wool at Places very far distant from them, the Country not affording sufficient; and this Port having been the ancient Staple for Wool for above Three hundred Years: And praying.

That this Port may be made a free Port to import Wool from Ireland, among other Ports.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exctei', for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses, Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Ships, and other Traders and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of,

Poole, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture in the Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Port of Poole is a very commodious and lafe Harbour; and is conveniently situated for supplying the several Towns trading in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Counties of Dorset shire, Hampshire, and

8 Z That

Forfeited

Eftatn.

73?

13° — 14° Februarii.

A.

1717.

That there is no Port, within sixty Miles distant, open to the House, and read; lettingforth, That the Petition* for the Importation of Irish Wool: And praying, That ers, being in the Number of those unhappy Men, who the Town and Port of Poole may be opened for the Imi had rendered themselves obnoxious to his Majesty’s just portation of Irish Wool. Indignation, by being engaged in the late Rebellion, did,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- but of a due Sense of their heinous Offence, throw sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to themselves upon his Majesty’s Mercy, by an early Sur* whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the render; a free and voluntary Submission being all they Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed. had left for an Atonement: The Petitioners not only

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common* pleaded guilty to *the Indictment tjjat was preferred Council, and also of the Merchants, and others, trading against them, but, previously to their Trial, did declare, to and from the Town and Port of Liverpool, was pre* in a Petition to his Majesty, That they would so plead, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill whenever it should please his Majesty to suffer the Law is brought in to open the Port of Exeter for the Impor- to have its Course; but, being diveited of the Estates tation of Wobl from Ireland: That, if it pass into a Law, they formerly possessed, the Petitioners beg Leave to it may give a far greater Opportunity' to the unfair fly to this honourable House for the Support of their Traders to export Wool to France than they now halve; -Lives, which his Majesty’s Clemency has saved: And and consequently be very prejudicial to the Woollen Ma* praying such Relief for them, and their poor destitute

nufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the same may not.pass into a Law, '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,'to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Sale, of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick;

A Petition of William W late Lord Wid-

drington, on behalf of himself, and Henry, Alathea, Jane, William, and Mary, Infants, his Children by the Lady Jane his late Wife, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being convict and attaint of High Treason, his Majesty was pleased, by his Royal Act of Grace, which had the Concurrence of both Houses, to give him his Life and Liberty: That the Petitioner’s late Wife was an Heiress, and left an Estate, to which, the Petitioner was only Tenant for Life, by the Courtesy of England', and which,

Families, as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he has the same Directions from his Majesty in the same of these Five Gentlemen, as in the Two former Cafes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause -for the Petitioners Relief.

Then the -House resolved itself into the said Committee: <

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took‘the Chair of the-Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next,- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Morice, according to Order, reported from the Half-y Hj , . _ , . Committee Of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Payment of

together with all his other Estate, real and personal, being making the Dividend offubferibed Lottery Annuities, and r,lvidend*‘ forfeited, is, by A&of Parliament, veftedfh his Majesty, other Annuities, established by an Act of the last Session for the Use of the Publick; whereby, for Two Years of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from pall, the Petitioner has been destitute of Subsistence, and Christmas last, was committed, the Amendments they had confraaed considerab e Debts, for the necessary Support -^rested him to report to the House; which he read in of himself, and his Children; who must all, very soon, his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks be reduced to extreme Misery: A ndpray ing, That Leave Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and may be^ven, That the Clause in the said_ Bill, whereby then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Ques-his Majesty will be enacted to grant feme Provision to the tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Wives of the forfeiting Persons, may be extended to the Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendments, be Petitioner, and his Children. ingrafted. '

And Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,-Nine of the Clock.

hath his Majesty’s Commands to signify to the House, That his Majesty has no Objection to whatsoever the House shall think fit to do in this Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed#-;

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction, to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable his Majesty to make such Provision for Emely Lady Lovat, out of the forfeited Estates in Scotland, as {he - would be intitled to, if her Husband were naturally dead;

V trier is) 140' die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717. Pray ers.

AP ET IT IO N of federal Proprietors of Salt-works Frauds n in, and adjacent to the Town of in the importing

County of on behalf of themselves, and others,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he has the Petitioners are at vast Expences yearly, in repairing, the same Directions from his Majesty in this same as the maintaining, and keeping up, their Salt-works; and that other# the Duty of Salt, arising from the Collection of Lymingtoti

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- only, amounts, to Forty thousand

tee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable Pounds, and upwards; besides the Duties of Three thou-his Majesty to make such Provision for Emely Lady Lovat, sand Chalder of Coals: That they are obliged to pay down out of the forfeited Estates in Scotland, asihe would be ready Money, or give Bond, for the Payment of the Duty intitled to, if her Husband was naturally dead. of their Salt, with Interest after the Rate of Ten Pounds

A Petition of John Balfour, Henry Balfour, John Car- per Cent, before they can ship off any, or fend it to any

stab s, Patrick Seaton, and Robert Hollo, was presented Port in England: That many Frauds and Abuses are daily 19 com*

4 Geo. I. 140 Fehruaril ~ 731

committed in the Importation of foreign Salt; and the: Liberty of cellaring the same is io great an Advantage to the Proprietors thereof, that the Petitioners are-thereby supplanted in all their Markets; and will be necessitated to-lay down their Salt-works; to the utter Ruin of*many, whole Estates conlift therein: And praying. That the Importers of foreign Salt may either be obliged to pay down their Duty, or secure the lame, with Interest, in such manner as the Petitioners are obliged to do; - or else that all English Salt, carried to any Port in 'England, may be cellared, in like manner as foreign Salt'is; and that Methods may be taken for preventing all- Frauds and Abuses in importing the fame. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred - to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Debtors A Petition of die poor insolvent Debtors inEvilchester Petition. Gaol, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the respective Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Lodes and Misfortunes, the Petitioners are reduced and brought into Confinement, where they fuller unspeakable Calamities, and daily perishing for Want; and are not in an Ability to make Satisfaction to their Creditors: And praying such Relief as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bertie's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,' An Act "** for the better enabling the honourable James Bertie, Esquire, to raise Portions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Her- An ingroded Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the great Tythes, and Glebe-lands, belonging *’""* to the Rectory of Saxby, in the County of Leicester, in the Right honourable Bennett Lord Harborough, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, and an Annuity, to be settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Succedors for ever; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. White, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord IVm. Pmvlett, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Bailie, Lord Middleton, Mr. Mr.

7hompfon, Mr. Vernon, Lord Mr. Serjeant

Birch, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Sir Thomas

TVheate, Mr. Clarke, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. HiU, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Johhfon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grove, Mr. Halsey, Mr. C/ayton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Doddington, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Booth, Mr. Powletti Mr. Morice, Colonel Fane, Mr. Sir Hen.

Hoghton, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lord Harry

Poulett, Mr. Sloper, Lord Chetwynd, Sir JVm. Pole, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Diston, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Brownlow, Sir John Tyrwhit, Mr. Strick-

land, Sir Robert Chaplin, Mr. Banks, General Carpenter, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Heathcott, Lord Milton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cater, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr.-Weaver, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Coffin, Mr. Mr.

Brtidenell, Mr. London, Mr. Lewis; and all that fetve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Rutland, and Northampton. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kent-street An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways leading Hoads, from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George's, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenear Rlackhcath, and to

Lewisham Church, in Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent, w as read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. Line To leave out " Sounds and insert Sonds," instead thereof:

Voi>, IS.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of Saint George's,

Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, nesxBfackheath, and to Lewisham Church, in Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Colonel Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire' their Concurrence-

Sir John Norris reported from the Committee, to Dover Pieri whom the Petitions of Sir Bazil Divwell Baronet, Deputy Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir -Thomas Hales, Sir William Honeywood, and Sir Thomas D'Aeth, Baronets, Matthew Aylmer and William Brockman, Esquires, on behalf of themselves, and other Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, as alfbof the Mayor, Jurats, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Dover, were referred, the Matter, as. it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Wheat reported from the Committee, to Number of whom the Bill to repeal an Act, of the first Year of die Hovfesufed Reign of his Majesty, which reltrains all Waggoners, Car-r aS8on* riers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draiy with Six Horses only; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Frauds ia Running of Goods, was read the First time. Customs, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for finishing the Tower of the Parish St-Michael’s, Church of Saint Michael's, Cornhill, out of the Duties Cornhill, arising pursuant to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Church* Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for finishing the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Michael's, Cornhill, out of the Duties arising pursuant to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hey sham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to, st Gyles’in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ‘ House, upon the *"ld» the Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed to put Church* in Execution the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years, of her late Majesty’s Reign, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and

Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Gyles’s in the Fields, in the County of to

rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches;

A Petition of Baynbrigg Buckeridge Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Baynbrigg Esquire, the Petitioner s G randfather, did, at his own Cost and Charges, erect the South Gallery in the Parish Church of Saint Gyles’s in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex', and gave the same to, and for the Benefit of, the Poor of the said Parish; That the Petitioner

73$ 14* Februarit A. 1717.

tioner finds, That a Bill is depending, for impowering the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Act for building Fifty new Churches, to rebuild the Parish Church of St.Gyles, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches: And praying, That another Gallery may be erected in the South Part of the said Church i and the Profits anting thereby may be applied to such Uses as the Profits of the South Gallery are now applied.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for the building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Gyles's in the Fields, in the County of r,

to be rebuilt, instead of One of the uid Fifty new Churches, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London ana Westminster, and Suburbs thereof was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners taking Notice, That there is a Bill depending to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of St. Gyles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of One of the Fifty new Churches; That, by several Acts of Parliament, Duties are granted for the Increase of the Number of Churches in and near those populous Cities, by building Fifty new Churches; That it is the exprefe Intent and Purpose of those Acts, that, by such Increaling of the Number of Churches, Provision should be made for the better Instruction of the Inhabitants in the true Christian Religion, as professed in the Church of England, and established by the Laws of this Realm; That an Act passed in this ^relent Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to pursue ms pious and gracious Intentions to provide for the Maintenance of the Ministers, who were to attend the Service of God in the new Churches to be erected; the Petitioners therefore think, that a Work, declared by Parliament pobe lb much for the Honour of God, the spiritual Welfare of the Subjects of this Realm, and the Interest of the Established Church, cannot be duly and effectually carried on, if any Part of the Duties appropriated, by the said fevered Acts, to the Building of Fifty new Churches, be applied to the Rebuilding of any of the old ones: And praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord William Fowlett, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Fowlett reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day bring read, for the House to re-IkbuT7 ^ve *nt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army;

A Petition of Bouer , in the behalf of himself,

and several others engaged with him for supplying the

Army in Spain with Corn and Money, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1710, the Petitioners, Mels" Columba and and others,

Bankers, entered into a Contraft with the honourable William Chetwynd Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary at Genoa, to advance 20,000l. each Month for the Army in Spain: That the Petitioner received Bilb of the said Envoy for that Sum; which not bring paid at the time when due, there b dueto the Petitioner 2,721 /. 1 o ; Part whereof, , viz. 2,039/. *6#. 3 d. is for Interest; and 681 /. 14 7 d. il

for Loft on the Discount of Exchequer Bilb: That both Interest, and Loft upon Exchequer Bills, were made good to Sir Theodore Janjfen, and Mels'1 Columba and Calcino,

Parties to the said Contraft: That, in 1711, the Petitioner, and others, contrafted with the said William -wynd Esquire for providing and lending Corn to Barcelona; upon which Account, there is due to the Petitioner, and hb Partners, 5,995/. 12 s.3 dfor Interest on Bills received for thb Service: That, in fending the Corn contrafted for to Barcelona, he had Ships taken to the Value of 9,000 /.: That, in 1711, Brigadier Petit seised at Port Mahon a Ship Cargo of Corn belonging to the Petitioner and Partners, the said Ship being driven, by Stress of Weather, into the said Port, and kept it for the Use of the Garison 1 and valued it as be pleased: And praying such Relief as to the House shall feera meet

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners to examine, and determine, the Amount of the Excess of the Complement of Pay, over and above the Pay and Numbers borne on the Establishment of Ireland, due to the several Regiments transferred from the British Establishment to that of Ireland, in the Year 1713; with the Charge of Transportation of the said Regiments.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners to give Credit to several Regiments for so much as they stand charged with before the Twenty-fourth of June 1712, by virtue of a Warrant granted by her late Majesty, the Nineteenth of December 1712, to Hop the full Pay of One Man per Troop and Company from the respective times that the said Regiments were then last cleared.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Craggs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Craggs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday next, at w«y* Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committe of and Means, the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to hb Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to MRaT.^jk whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made ^toth* in the Eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, Buttons, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuejclay next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Debtors

petiucn.

Exporting

Bark.

Ditto.

Ditto.

4 Geo. I.

' 150 Februarii.

733

Sabbat i, 15° di Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in the City and County Gaols of Worcester, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by reason of great Loiles that hath happened unto them, and by their long Confinement, are reduced to extreme Poverty and Want; and must inevitably perish: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ’ for their Deliverance; or else to be transported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Sheriffs Prison, or Ward, at the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle, in and for the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by Losses, Decay of Trade, and Misfortunes, hath rendered them uncapable of making Satisfaction to their Creditors; and mult inevitably perish: And praying, That u Bill may pals this Session for their Relief and Discharge.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Majesty’s common Goal at Appleby, in and for the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years lal't past, been confined, and have not wherewithal to pay their just Debts; being free, and willing, to pay all the Effects they have in the World towards satisfying their Creditors, who are not willing to accept of the same; lb that the Petitioners must inevitably perish, unless relieved: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners living in or about the Borough of Cockermoulh, in the County of Cumberland, on

behalf of themselves, and others, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is lb prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather, that, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade will be utterly loft; and our Hides and- Skins not worth the Tanning in That, by the Statute of King James the First, it was enacted, That no Person should engrols any oaken Bark to fell again, or fell any oaken Trees but between the l-'irft of April and the last of June; which said Statute is pow of little Use: And praying, That lb much of the said Statute at relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins for the County of Bedford, on the behalf of themselves, and others, SCc. was presented to the House, and read; set-

ting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Disad vantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in English Leather: which, if not timely prevented, must, in a little time, de-frroy the Leather-trade: And praying. That the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the County of Durham, on the behalf of themselves, and others, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is One of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and if Oak-bark, which is the chief Ingredient for tanning the fame, be exported into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for "Leather, the English Trade in such Manufactures must be wholly loft: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Vo L. IS.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Iron-mailers, Ironmongers, Cutlers, Plantation Freeholders, Nailers, Smiths, and Artificers in the Iron Iron-work*. Manufacture, living in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, should there be Encouragement given to the Making and Manufacturing of Iron in any Plantations belonging to his Majesty’s Dominions, it w ill certainly tend to the Ruin of the Iron-trade of this Kingdom, which employs great Numbers of People: The greatest Consumption of our Iron Manufacture is now sent abroad to the Plantations; which, they have Encouragement, will have no Occasion for our Assistance; and the Iron-works of this Nation must be , totally ruined, for want of Employment for the Poor:

And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more concerned in the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, is referred.

A Petition of the Jurats, Maltsters, and other the prin- Running cipal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of in French

the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and Brandy* read; praying, That an effectual Law may be made to prevent the illegal Importation of French Brandy; which is very prejudical to the Maltsters, and others, of this Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Corporation of and Parts Ditto,

adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of a clandestine Practice of running French Brandy, the Petitioners have been very much prejudiced in the Manufacture of malted Com; and is a means of great Quantities of Bullion being carried out of this Kingdom; and a Discouragement to the Petitioners, and others, in their Trade: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clan- destine Running of Goods, be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from Reading, &c Crown Comer, in the Town of Reading, leading by and Road*, through the several Parishes of Shinfeild and Heckjeild, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was read llie Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 9. Line To insert " such:"

Press 10. Line* To leave out " or:"

Line To leave out " thereby," and insert

" thereof:"

Press 13. line To leave out " as:"

Press 16. Line To insert " at:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolxed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Comer, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfeild and Ile in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to ->

stoke, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Buckingham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Iio/Jord:

9 A Mi-

ComwalFs

Eitute.

Tharfton’f

Etiate.

Ruffe’s, &c. Nat.

Duke of Newca Ale's Estate.

J>3wning*s

Mate.

Forfeited

734 15° Februam. A. 1717.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Francis Cornwall Esquire; and likewise the said Fronds Cornwall of and from certain Articles of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Francis Cornwall :To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Joftph Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his infont Children: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Rosse, and others: To which foe Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 'An Act for vesting the Manor of EjherWa, and other Lands

therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-charges to be HTuing out of the fame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, in Trull for the Poor of the said Town; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord TVm. Powlett, General Wroth, Sir Tho. Mr. White,

Mr. Jeffbp, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gregory, Sir Robert Corbett, Sir Hen. Sir Nich. Carew,

Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Earl, Lord

worth, Mr. Carterett, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Benson, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. London, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lord

Mr. Smith, Sir Mount. Blundell, Mr. Thompson, Sir

Hot ham, Mr. West, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Brownlow, Mr. Brodnck, General Rosse, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr.

Corbet, Mr. Micklethwaite, Mr. Guidott, Sir Tho. -mer, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Diston, Mr. Lade, Mr. Herne, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Wilson, Sir Wm. Humfryes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Cow-

per: and all that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from foe Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement between Sir George Downing Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester Knight, and her Trullees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Wild, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Wm. Powlett, General Wroth, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Mr. White, Mr.

Feilding, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Treby, Lord Newport, Mr. Carter, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. Micklethwaite, Lord Molesworth, Lord Middleton, Mr.

Herne, Mr. Hutcheson, General Ross, Mr. West, Sir Geo. Warburton, Sir Bryan Broughton, Colonel Cadogan, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir Wm.Daines, Mr. Mr. North, Sir Wm.Johnstone, Sir Cote, Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Hammer, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Earl, Sir John Eyles, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Cater, Mr. Nicholas, Lord Milton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Mount. Blundell, Sir Richard , Mr. Bet hell, Mr. London, Mr. Eyles; and all the Members that serve for tl:e Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of foe Day being read, for foe House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick;

A Petition of foe Lady Phillippa Standish, Daughterto the most Noble Henry late Duke of Norfolk, deceased,

Margaret Thornton, Frances Dalton, Mary Hodgshon,

Dorothy Hodgshon, Ann Walton, and Elizabeth Shaftoe, on behalf of themselves, and others under the same unhappy Circumstances, was presented to the House, and read 1 setting forth, That the Petitioners Husbands being

convict and attaint of High Treason, his Majesty was pleased, by his Royal Act of Grace, to give them their Lives and Liberty: That the Estates real and personal of the Petitioners said Hufibands, which were forfeited to his Majesty, being, by Act of Parliament, veiled in his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick, the Petitioners, their Husbands, and poor innocent Children, have, for Two Years last past, been in a miserable Condition, wholly destitute of a Maintenance; and are reduced to the utmost Extremities, without any Prospect of Support: And praying,

That Leave may be given, That the Clause in the Bill now depending for Sale of the forfeited Estates, whereby his Majesty will be enabled to grant some Support to the Petitioners, may be extended to the Support of their Children after the Decease of their Mothers.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That, Application having been made to his Majesty, he had received his Majesty’s Commands to acquaint the House, That his Majesty has no Objection, if this House shall think fit to give the Petitioners Relief.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of foe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sale of foe forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te"e.for } 'CS-

TdlersforthcNoes,^®*;"- } >43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and foe Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide in the Bill, That a Proportion of the net Produce of the forfeited Estates be reserved to his Majesty, to be disposed of to the Wives or Children of such forfeiting Persons as his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of his Royal Companion;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [1 1 ,ft

Tellers for the Noes, J: 1 "»

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of foe said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Opening resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Lxeter Fort foe Bill for opening the Port of Exeter for the Importation for Wool, of Wool from Ireland',

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Weavers, Fullers, and Dyers, in the Parishes of Rachdale, Bury, Middleton, Radcliffe, Oldham, and Bolto, in the County of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands concerned in foe Woollen Manufacture within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if foe Bill for making Exeter a free Port, for the Importation of Wool, be patted, the Petitioners, from the near Situation of that Place to the Coasts of France, have just Grounds to apprehend, that the several Laws, formerly made against the Exportation of Wool and Yam from Great Britain and Ireland into France, will be wholly

eluded; which inevitably must be the Ruin of the Woollen Manufactures of these Northern Parts: And praying,

That,

East

Grinstead

Itaub.

Number of Horses used by Wag-gooere.

Exporting

Bark.

Ditto.

Ditto.

4 Geo. I. 150 — 17 Fe735

That, before the said Bill be passed, the Matter aforesaid may be duly considered.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of for the

Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

llefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Suri'ey, was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, of the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty, which restrains all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 170 dieFebruarii,

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Tanners in Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8$c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of English Bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Lea-tlier; which, if not timely prevented, will loon destroy the Leather Trade of Great Britain: That a good Statute was made in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrafting of Bark, and Felling of oaken Trees atunfea-sonable times of the Year; which Statute is now become of little Use: And praying, That lb much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the County of E^P°^‘n8

on behalf of themselves, and many others, 8gc. was pre- Bar fen ted to the House, and read; letting^ forth, That the Exportation of English Bark, is so prejudicial to the English Trade in Leather, that, unless a speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade will be utterly loft, and our English Hides ana Skins not worth the Tanning in England: That,'by the Statute by King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Bark to fell again, or fell any oaken Trees but between the First; of April and the last of June; which said Statute is now of little Use: And praying, That so much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the Borough of Andover, Ditto, in he County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and others, &;c. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade of Great Britain: That a Statute was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrossing of Oak Bark, and Felling of Trees at un-seasonable Times of the Year; which said Statute is now become of little Force: And praying, Thatfo much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Warrington, Presteet, and Ditto. Ormskirke, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and several Places adjacent thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is of so great Damage and Prejudice to the Tanning-trade, that unlets a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade, and all such as depend thereon, must inevitably be ruined; for if the principal Ingredient for Tanning of Leather be exported into Countries, where no Duty is paid for Leather, the Trade here must be utterly loft, and our Hides and Skins not worth the Tanning in England: That a Law was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrossing of oaken Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable times of the Year; which Law is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said . Statute may be revived, and more effectually put in Force; and that the Exportation of Bark may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Bland ford, in the County of Dorset, on behalf of themselves, and others, <§*c. was presented to the Hoofe, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark hath been-exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will loon destroy the Leather-trade: That a Statute was made in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrossing of Oak-bark, and Felling of oaken Trees at unseasonable times of the Year; but the said Law is now become of little Use: And praying, That to much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and explained; and the Exportation thereof be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners of Winburne, in the County of Dor jet, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8$c. was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth,- That great Quantities of English Bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade: That a Statute was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrossing of Oak Bark, and Felling of Trees at unseasonable times of the Year; but the said Law is now become of little Use: And praying, That so much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Vox.. 13.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in and Ditto, near the Borough of BontefraEt, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-beak into Ireland, where no Duty is paid to his Majesty for Leather, is so detrimental to the Petitioners, and others of the same Trade, that, unless feme speedy Course be taken to prevent this growing Evil, it will most certainly destroy the Engli/ft Trade in Leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the City of Durham, on Ditto, behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and if Oak-bark, which is the chief Ingredient for tanning the same, be exported into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the English Trade in such Manufactures must be wholly loft; to the Ruin of many Thou-fend poor Families: And praying such Relief as to this -honourable House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors for Debt in Debtor* his Majesty’s Gaql kept at HoiJ'am, in the County oiSttf- Petition. sex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That

-s

Cornwall's

Estate.

Thnrfton't

Estate.

Rosse's, See. Nat.

Earl of

Kildare’s

Estate.

51. Gylee iii the Fields Church.

736

170 Februa

That the Petitioners having lain a long time in a starving Condition; and it is their Desire, that they may obtain their Liberty upon no other Terms than giving their All, upon Oath, for satisfying their Debts: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Francis Cornwall Esquire; and likewise the said Francis Cornwall of and from certain Articles of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Ffantis Cornwall; was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Thurston,

Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his infant Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Rosse, and others, was read the First time.

Refohxd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

’ 1717.

Parish Church of Saint Gyles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of One of the Fifty new Churches, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That, when the Parish Church shall be rebuilt, a South Gallery shall be built out of the Money directed to be applied for the rebuilding the said Church, instead of the Gallery erected by William Baynbrig Esquire; and a certain Sum of Money sufficient for Building thereof shall be let apart for that Purpose; and the Profits arising by the said Gallery shall be applied to such and the same U lbs only as the Profits of the said South Gallery are now applicable:

And the said Rider was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Gyles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of One of the Fifty new Churches.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Fraud* in for Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, Running of Goods, was read a Second time. Customs, tee,

deceased, towards Payment of his Debts; apd for other Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time. of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Pill be committed to Mr. Lewther, Resolved, That this fcloufe will, upon Alom-

Mr. Brudenell, Lord Shelburn, Mr. Grove, Lord New- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

port, Mr. Offley, Lord Molesworth, Lord Middleton, House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Ingram, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Colonel Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were or-Morgan, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Gybbon, Sir dered to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read a John Norris, Mr. Craggs, Sir Richard Furington, Mr. Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

Guidott, Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Bridges, Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or

Air. Hacks, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. some of them, do attend the said Committee.

Hungerford, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr. Smith, Mr. Benson, Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excile, or

Air. Norris, Mr. Banks, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Herne, Air. some of them, do attend the said Committee.

Buckingham, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Inge, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr.

Brodrick, Mr. Onslow, and all the Alembers that i'erve Air. Craggs presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Arrears of for the Counties of Oxon and Berks: And they are to Command, Demands of foreign Princes on the Crown of Subsidy. meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Great Britain for Arrears of Subsidy, pursuant to Trea-Chamber. ties: And also,

Demands of several foreign Princes on the Crown of An ingrossed Bill to impower the Commissioners ap- Great Britain for Arrears of Pay to the* Day of Sepa-pointed to put in Execution the AOs of the Nindi and ration:

Tenth Years of her late Majesty s Reign, for building And the said Demands were read; and are as follow;

Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London viz. and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the

A STATE of Demands made by several foreign Princes, not yet satisfied by the Crown of Great Britain, for Arrears of Subsidies, pursuant to the Treaties or Conventions made for carrying on the late War against France', viz.

To the Day of To the End of

Separation. the War.

\ £ 8‘

By the King of Denmark, for an Arrear of Subsidy - -By the King of Prussia, for Arrears of Subsidy for the 8,000 Men which served in Italy; for die Maintenance of which Corps, it was agreed, by Treaty, That his Prussian Majesty should receive a Subsidy of £. 50,000 per Annum, in lieu 48,437 »o 75,ooq

of all Pay and Extraordinaries - -- -- - 25,000

By the Landgrave of Hesse, for Arrears of the First Subsidy - For additional Subsidy for the Two Regiments of Horse which served in Italy, 7,44o — 12,000

about - - 3,000 — 15,000

In all, to the Day of Separation ----- 58,877 10

Iu all, to the Entl of the War - -- -- - 127,000

Memorandum:Tn the Sum of £. 127,000 is included the £. 58,877. 105.

There are Demands for Arrears from the King of Portugal, and Demands of another Nature from the States General; the Particulars of which will be ready in a few Days.

Thomas More, Accomptant.

A State

4 Geo. I. . iy°Fehmarii. 737

A STATE of Demands made by several foreign Princes, not yet satisfied by the Crown of Great Britain, for Arrears of Pay to the Day of Separation, pursuant to Treaties, or Conventions, made for carrying on the late War against France; viz.

By the King of Prussia, for.his Body of 5,000 Men. £. d. £. s.

For Arrears of Pay to the Day of Separation, and March-money - - 12,883 13 5

For his Troops of Augmentation, for Arrears of Pay to the Day of Separation,

and March-money ----- - 14,°95 4 8

For his Body of 12,000 Men, under Count Lottum, for their Agio, Bread, and Forage - -- 24,358

51,337 2 1

By the Landtgrave of Hesse, for an Arrear of Pay to the Day of Separation, March-money, and Notice-money -

By the Duke of Sax Gotha, for Arrears of Pay, Extraordinaries, and Notice-money -

37,944 -

12,253 ll 4

l-

101,534 13 5

The Grisons have like wife a Demand for an Arrear of Pay to a Regiment which served in Spain; but the Particulars thereof have not been lodged in the Pay Office.

There are also Demands made by the King of Prussia, and some other Princes, for Extraordinaries of several Natures; but, in regard the proper Certificates to vouch them, signed by Mr. are not lodged in the

Pay Office, and that many of them are not stipulated for by any Treaties, they are not inserted.

Thomas More, Accomptant.

Ordered, That the said Demands do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

HrtIf-yearTy An ingrossed Bill for making the Dividend of fub-Payment of {bribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities, efta-Dividend*, blished by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, payable half-yearly, commencing from Christmas last, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the Dividend of subscribed Lottery Annuities, and other Annuities, established by several Acts of Parliament, payable half-yearly at the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Morris do carry the Bjll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Honeywood, and Sir Thomas D'Aeth, Baronets, Matthew Aylmer, and William , Esquires, on

behalf of themselves, and other Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover; as allb of the Mayor, Jurats, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Dover-, be now taken into Consideration;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUers for^Yea,.^"^ } 97-

Tellers for the Noes, :. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

Way*

and Mean*.

Gold and Silver Coins.

Coinage of Guineas*

Dover Pier.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of Richard Perry, of London, Merchant, in behalf of John Offley, late of Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he Hands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he Hands engaged for to the Crow’n fortlie Duties on Tobacco: And that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Morice, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for preventing the Waste of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of Sir Bazill Dirwell, Baronet, Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Sir Thomas , Sir Thomas Hales,

VOL. 18.

That the Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and find the same as followeth; viz.

Samuel Walton of Dover, Carpenter, laid, That since the Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, a new Cross-wall has been built, and other Works done, for penning in the Water, and deepening the Harbour, which, at Niep-tides, is 14 or 15 Foot deep, and, at Spring-tides, 20 Foot from the Pier-head to the said Cross-wall; so that a Ship of Three hundred Tons, loaden, may come into the Harbour; and there is scarce a Storm but some Ship or other comes into the Harbour for Shelter:

And further laid. That in stormy Weather, the Harbour hath been stopped up, but very rarely, with Beach; so that a Ship could not then enter; but that the same has been cleared by the Back-water the next Tide, or in 48 Hours after.

Captain Saunders said, That many Ships have been feved in Dover Harbour since the said A of Parliament; and knows, that Ships of 300 or 400 Tons have entered in Stress of Weather j but cannot fey the Harbour is now better than it was 40 Years since; because then Men of War used frequently to ride there: and the Harbour is now sometimes choked with Beach, which the Backwater clears very often the next Tide; yet if the Piers be not kept up, and the new Works carried on, the Harbour, and Two-thirds of the Town of Dover, will be utterly loft, in a short time, by Stress of Weather.

Thomas Pafcall of Dover, and Warden of Pilots, said. That he has been a Pilot 37 Years, and carried many Ships into Dover Harbour, without Anchors or Cables, in

great Storms, the Wind at N. N. E. where they have been saved; and that he carries in a9 large Ships now as formerly, the Water being deepened by the new Works; so that a Ship of 300 Tons may enter the said Harbour, and ride in the Bason; and Hundreds of Ships have been 9 B saved

738 17* Fe«

Dover Pier, saved Cnee the fialon was made; and fa id. That the Sole-bay, Deal Castle, and Men of War, have

careened in the Bason; and may do it in Winter or Summer; and the Harbour will be loft, if the new Works be not continued.

John Huggett, Pilot of ,said, That on Monday last, he came from Dover, when there was in the Harbour so Ships from Ireland, from 100 Tons to a lesser Burthen; and also Two Ships from Hamburgh, of above 200 Tons each; and believes, that if more Money were laid out, and the Pier-heads further carried out into the Sea, it would be more useful for Navigation, though the Harbour is much better now than before the new Works made by the Acts of Parliament; there being 12 or 14 Foot Water in the Baton, at Low-water: 50 Years Ago, Men of War frequently used the said Harbour.

Cuthbert Hodgson, of Dover, Captain, said, That about Ten Years since, in the time of the hard Frost, above 40 Sail of Ships, from 20 to 160 or 200 Tons Burthen, were laved in Dover Harbour; and several other Ships in Distress have been there saved, without Rudders; and said, That the Harbour is much better now than Eleven Years ago, when he first came to Dover; and, if the new Works be not continued, the Harbour will be choaked up, and intirely loft.

Sir Peter Eyton, of London, Merchant, said, That he

has known Dover Harbour 50 Years; and formerly there was no Beach there: That, in the Dutch Wars, 2 or 300 Ships were there saved; and many Ships have been saved by the said Harbour, in great Storms, the being no Place of Safety; and if a Mould, or Head, were carried out to the Westward of the South Head, it w'ould very much prevent the Beach from (lopping the Moudi of the Harbour; and that the Harbour will, be utterly loft, if nothing more be done.

Thomas Thompson of Yarmouth: That he was twice in Dover Harbour; once in the Solebay Man of War, where (he careened in King William's Reign; and the other time, being about two Years since, in the Betty Gaily, of 250 Tons, whereof he was Chief Mate: She put into Dower Harbour without Anchors or Cables, laden with Lead and Red-herrings, and drew between 14 and 15 Foot Water; and believes it is a very good Harbour for the Safety of Shipping.

Mr. Ogburne: That being recommended by Sir Henry Sheers to the Commissioners of Dower, to have the Direction of the Works, pursuant to Sir Henry Sheers' Project, lie directed the Performance of the Traverse-wall, projected by Sir Henry Sheers, in order to pen up the Water, that Ships might be afloat in the Bason; and also by the Discharge of Four Sluices, to carry off the Beach, brought thither by South-weft Winds: That the making a Jetty-head, or Turn-water, Westward of the South Pier-head, to Low-water-mark, was necessary to prevent the Beach from choaking the Mouth of the Harbour: That he thinks it necessary to keep the Works in Repair: That he was there about Two Years since, when the South Pier-head was repairing; believes the Methods then used to be very necessary; and that the Works already begun will want a considerable Sum of Money to complete them.

Alexander Kenton, of London, Captain, faith. That about Eight-and-Twenty Years since, being Master of the Ship Ruby, Burthen 200 Tons and upwards, and being in the Downes, there happening a violent Storm, which drove several Ships from their Anchors; (bme being loft on the Goodztiyn Sands, and others drove on the Coast of France, where they were loft; he feved his Ship in Dover Pier; where he refitted her, and proceeded on his Voyage to Italy-:

And feith, That about a Year ago, being at Dower, he viewed the Works there; and was of Opinion, if the same were carried on, and completed, it would make a good Harbour for One hundred and Fifty Ships; and believes it would cost Ten or Twelve thou fend Pounds to &niih it: That, in the late War, he saw 10 or 12 Ships, from 200 to 300 Tons, drawing from 13 to 14 Foot

Water loaden in the Harbour; and if the Jetty-head, or Break-water, which is begun, was carried out to Low-water-mark, it would greatly prevent the Beach from choaking the Harbour.

Peter Omer, of London, Captain, fays, That the Harbour of Dover is for a publick Benefit, if the Works begun were completed; and knows, that, last Winter, io or 12 Sail of Ships, of 140 Tons, and under, came in at one Tide.

Thomas Rooth, Haven-master of Dover, produced to the Committee an Account of Merchant Ships and Vessels, exclusive of the Packets and Ships belonging to the Town of Dower, which daily came in, and Jailed out of that Harbour, in the Month of January last; viz. Came in 81; failed out 77: And also, another Lift of Merchant Ships, not belonging to Dover, but in the Harbour, the 31st of January last, in N° 17, from 20 to 150 Tons Burthen.

Cornelius Smith, of Dover, Pilot: That Dover Harbour is a good Tide-harbour, and very useful for the Safely of Shipping; there being no other Harbour between Sheerness and the Isle of Wight; and the Packet-boats can go out of the Pier and Harbour in the same Tide, as at Calais; which cannot be done from any other Harbour in Great Britain: The Victualling Hoys also, which carry Provision to his Majesty’s Navy, when in the Downes, at any time, if the Weather permit to lay the Ships on board, can go out of Dover, and deliver, come back the next Tide, take in more, and go out again the same Tide:

That he saved a Ship, of above 500 Tons, loaden with Masts and Deal, when the Water was up to her lower Deck, and nobody on board, and conduced her into the Pier of Dover; lne drawing 17 Foot Water:

That be also carried a Ship, of 150 Tons, bound to the East Indies, Captain Peirfon Commander, to the upper Part of the Harbour:

In the Year 17084 several Transport Ships, from 160 to 300 Tons, came into Dover Pier, to take in Horses and Soldiers, to make a Descent in France:

That his Majesty’s Ship the Solebay was carried in there, and careened ;.and his Majesty’s Ship, the Swift came very often in there to careen:

That, about Two Years since, an East India, Ship, of Two hundred Tons, John Scarlet, of Deal, being Pilot, parted from his Anchoirs and Cables, and feved the Ship, by coming into Dover Pier:

That a Ship, of about Two hundred Tops, Captain Ingle Commander, bound for the Straits, loft his Mafia, and saved his Ship and Cargo, by coming into Dower Pier: That the Harbour of Dover has saved many Ships of great Value, in the late War, from the Enemy; there being, on the Spring Tide, 20 Foot Water; on the Niep, as the Wind is, 13, 14, and 15.

Mr. Samuel Walton, Overseer of the Work, delivered to the Committee an Estimate, by which it appears, that there is dill wanting, to complete Sir Henry Sheers' Projection, 14,700l.; and that be conceives there are several other Works very necessary to be added to the said Scheme, for the Security of the said Harbour; the Doing whereof will ainount.to .5,610/. more.

Then the Merchants of London brought several Persons, in Opposition to the aforesaid Evidence.

Mr, Tobias Bozoles, of London, Merchant, said, That he has known Dover Harbour above 30 Years; and thinks it no better now than 20 or 30 Years since; for that when a stormy Wind at South-weft happens, it raises such a Bar of Beach, that Ships of finall Burthen cannot get in or out of the Harbour; but fhere is a Back-water, which, in feme time, clears the Beach again: That, about Ten Years ago, the Ship Jenny, of about i 60 Tons, came, with the Wind at South-weft, and beat en the Bar, could not get over: The Ship Recovery also, of 160 Tons Burthen, (truck on the Bar, and was like to be loft, because there was not sufficient Water to carry her over; and this was since the Bason, and other new Works, have been made in the said Harbour.

Captain

4 Geo. I. j ffebtmm,7 39

Captain Hide said, That, when the Wind is at W, S. W.

it throws such a Bar of Beach into Dover Harbour, that it can never be made a good Harbour for Ships of any Burthen in bad Weather; and, when the Wind is atNore, no Ships can get in: That he has had au Interest in above 20 Ships uling the Southern Trade; yet none of those Shi[is ever entered Dover Harbour: And faith, That he had been at Dover about Forty times.

William Moverley said, That he was at Three

Years ago; and that it is a good Tide Harbour at Spring-tides, but at Low-water a Boat can hardly get in; and believes he could have walked crol's it; and that a Hov cannot sometimes get in at High-water, until the Sluices aie opened.

Captain That he has used the Seas 25 Years; but never made for Dover Harbour, because it is so dangerous for Vessels to enter it: That he had rather keep at Sea than run the Hazard of his Ship; and that, about 18 Years ago, he knows many Ships received Damage by going into that Harbour.

Mr. Micajah Perry, Merchant, said, That he has been a considerable Trader for 50 Years last past; and yet none of the Ships he was concerned in ever used Dover Harbour, because ’tis dangerous; and, if he was exempt from the Duty, he would not make use of it

Mr. Moor, Matter of a Ship, said, That about Eight Years since, he got into Dover Harbour by the Help of a Pilot; but, at the same time, another Ship, having also a Pilot on board, run against the Pier-head, and funk her; and thinks no Ship can safely enter the Harbour in foul Weather.

Captain Jennings laid, That he has used the Seas for 50 Years; and that he had rather lie in the Downes than ' venture into Dover Harbour; but believes the Harbour may be of Service to small Ships in time of War.

Matthew Butterwick, of London, Ship-matter, laid, That, about 20 Years since,' he put into Dover Harbour, and could not get out, though his Vessel drew but Nine Foot Water, the Wind blowing into the Harbour; and other Ships then patted by into the Doxvnes:

And said, He thinks Dover the most unnecettary Harbour in England.

Peirfey, of Brighthcmfon, Ship-matter, said, That,

in January last, he entered Dover Harbour at High-water; but another Ship, drawing Seven Foot, run against the Pier-head at falling-water, and was loft: And Peircy said, That, about Four or Five Years ago, he walked cross the Beach.

Captain Tyfack said, That, Four Years ago, he went into Dover Harbour with a Ship of 150 Ton Burthen,

which was hauled into the Bason, where flie lay aground; which is very unfit for that Pm pole, being a hard Chalk, and uneven; and his Ship received Damage.

Robert Parker, of Ramsgate, said, That lie had used the Norway Trade for Four Years past; and, when his Ship was aground in Dover Harbour, flie was twice gulled over, when the Sluices were let out: That, last Year, Twelve Sail of Ships under Dungeness patted by Dover Harbour at near High-water, Two whereof endeavoured to get in, but could not: And said, The Harbour is not better now than Ten Years ago.

Chefman PeirJe: That, about Seven Years since, he was in a Pink which drew but Ten Foot Water; and never a Pilot would undertake to carry her into Dover Harbour.

Captain Frost said, That, about Nine Years since, 20 light Transport Ships, from 150 to 300 Tons Burthen, were ordered for Dover, to take in Horses and Soldiers for Service of the Government; and they all arrived in the Harbour; but his Ship of 300 Tons lay so uneasy on the Shingles, That the Horses could not be taken on board.

- That, in pursuance of the Instruction of this House to the Committee, to examine bow the Money raised Vot. 18.

by the former Acts, for Repairing of the said Har- Dover Pier, hour, have been applied:

Mr. Wm. Veele, Treasurer for the said Harbour, delivered in an Account of the annual and total Produce of the said Two Acts of Paiiiamcut, from lit of May 1700 to 1 ft of May 1717, inclusive; amounting in the Whole, to the Sum of 20,896 /. 5 s.; and also an Account of the annual Disbursements during the Time aforesaid, amounting to 26,136/. 13*. id.; by which it appears there then remained in the said'Treasurer's Hands, the Sum of 759 /. 11 s. 11 d.:

And, fora further Proof of the said Receipts and Payments, the said Mr. Veele produced to the Committee a Book, containing the Particulars of the said several annual Receipts and Disbursements; which Boqk does appear to the Committee to have been annually examined, and signed by the Commissioners of the said Harbour; and afterwards a Duplicate of each Year s Account was delivered at evej'y Midsummer Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by the said Treasurer, upon Oath; w’here the same was examined by the Justices, and by them signed; and afterwards transmitted, by the Clerk of The Peace, to the Navy Office, as the said Acts direfil.

And it further appeared to the Committee, That the said AdU were granted to raise the Sum of 30,100l. to complete the Estimate of Sir Henry; but that the

Money raisetl hath fallen short 9,2031. 6r. 11

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and Second and Third Years of Queen Atme, for Repair of Dover Harbour: And that Sir John Norris,

Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Papillon, and Sir Furntfe,

do prepare, -and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the CotnmiflB<m-whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioners Army to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was committed, be received upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Opening relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exeter Port the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importa- 'Vo°* —

tion of Wool from Ireland',

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas.«"r;"^, } 68.

Tellers for the Noes,} 44.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Yonge do take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. YongeReported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progefs in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns o i Sutton and Kingston, in the County

740 17° — 18 Febru . 1717.

County of Surrey, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Number of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Horses used whom the Bill to repeal an Act, of the First Year of the by Waggon- Reign of his Majesty, which retrains all Waggoners, Carriers and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Privilege. The House being informed, That George Treby Esquire, a Member of this House, hath received Satisfaction, in respect of the Breach of Privilege committed against him;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon me Matter of the Complaint of the said Breach of Privilege.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

speedy Course be taken to prevent it, the English Trade must be utterly loft, and our English. Hides and Skins will not pay Tanning in England: That, by the Statute of King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any oaken Ba.rk to fell again; which said Statute is now of little Use: And praying. That so much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners in the Town and County of Exporting Newcastle upon Tyne, on behalf of themselves, and others, Bark-

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That Leather is one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and if Oak-bark, which is one of the chief Ingredients for tanning the fame, be exported into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the English Trade in such Manufactures must be wholly loft; to the Ruin of many Thousand poor Families: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Martisy 18* die;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Worcester /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of W, in the room of Samuel Swift Esquire, deceased.

Havcrf»rd- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to w«ft Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of , in the room of

John Barlow Esquire, deceased.

Exporting A Petition of the Tanners in Alton, in the County of Bark. Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8$c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark hath been exported into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather, so the great Difedvantage of foeTanning-trade of this Kingdom; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade: That a Law was made, in King James the First’s Reign, against the Engrafting of Oak-bark, and Felling of oaken Trees at unseasonable times of the Year; which said Law is now become of little Force: And praying, That (b much of the said Statute as relates to Bark may be revived, and the Exportation thereof be prohibited.

Urdet'ed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners in the Borough of

Ottery Saint Mary, and other adjoining Parishes, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Exportation of English Bark out of this Kingdom is of so great Damage to the Tanning-trade, that, unless a speedy Stop be put thereto, that Trade must inevitably be ruined; for, if the principal In-

Sedient for Tanning be exported into Countries where no uty is paid for Leather, our English Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England: That a Law was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrafting of oaken Bark, and Felling of Timber-trees at unseasonable times of the Year; which Law is now made ineffectual: And praying, That the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Djtto. A Petition of the Tanners in Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, £$c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is so prejudicial to th t English Trade in Leather, that, unless a 14

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in the Ditto. Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; which, if not' timely prevented, must, in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Shoemakers, Sadlers, Curriers, and Drawback oa other Traders in Leather, in the Town and Borough of Leather. Honiton, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of others of foe same Profession in the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, before any Duty was lain on Leather, the Petitioners, and others, bought up great Quantities of Leather ready drafted, and wrought up the same into Boots, Shoes, Saddles, and other Commodities; and thereby did not only supply their own Country, but furnished the Merchants therewith, who transported the greeted Part thereof into foreign Parts: That, since foe laying on of the said Duty, the Merchants, having a Drawback of a Peny for every Pound Weight of Goods lb exported, as aforesaid, instead of buying Boots, Shoes,

Saddles, and other Commodities, ready made, do now buy up the Leather of foe Tanners uhwfought, and do transport the same to foreign Countries; so that Foreigners have our English Leather ready drafted cheaper than the Petitioners have it here; to the great Impoverishment of them and their Families: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon foe Table.

A Petition of the Merchants in for them- Running

selves, and otters in North Britain, was presented to foe French House, and read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding the BrWM, F-several Laws made for discouraging the Running of French Brandy, and otter foreign Goods, yet, by foe Running of French Brandy in our Parts, not only his Majesty’s Revenue is impaired, and the Coin drained out of foe Country to purchase it, but alfe foe West India Trade, which employed lb many of our Ships, an<} occasioned considerable Export of Herrings and Manufactories, is funk and loft; the Product of their Country discouraged; and fair Traders become considerable Losers: And praying. That feme effectual Methods may be taken to prevent such Abuses for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to foe Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,. to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing foe clandestine Running of Goods, is committed.

A Petition

Clandestine

Export of Wool*

Debtors Petition.

Bertie’s

Estate.

I.oH

Carterett'*

EiUte.

DoYer

Pier.

Raw Silk Manufacture

4 Geo. I. 18 Fekrudm. 741

A Petition of the Woolcombera, in and about the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and others in adjacent Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have been bred up in the Art of combing Wool; and, by their Labour, supported themselves, and Families: That, for feme time palt, they have had very little Work; which is occasioned by great Quantities of Wool feat out of this Kingdom, as also from Ireland, unwrought, to foreign Parts: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tables

A Petition of the Poor Prisoners for Debt in the common Gaol of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and others the Prisoners for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was prefeiated to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Petitioners have been a long time confined in the said Gaol; where they fuller a miserable Life, having no ProspeQ of Release or Enlargement from their several Creditors, and' being utterly unable to make them Satisfaction for their respective Debts; being willing to surrender up their All, ft) they might have their Liberty: And praying, That-an Act may be passed this Session for their Relief.

Ordered, Tltat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the honourable James Bertie Esquire, to raise Portions for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

llefolved. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Cross, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fleetzcood, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Mr. Herbert, Sir Fran. Leicester, Mr Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Wnu Pole, Mr. > Colonel Stephens,

Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hilly ar, Mr. M or ice,

Colonel Douglas, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Geo.

Mr. Eden, Sir Richard Howe, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert Jenkinson', Mr. Jennings, Mr. Dr ewe,

Mr. Hide, Colonel Lambert, Mr. Bampjylde, Mr. Lade,

Mr. Hulfcy, Mr. Fleteuode, Mr. Herne, Mr. Inge, Mr. Diston, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Cater, Mr. Anstis, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Rolle, Mr. JVyld, Sir John Packington, Sir Trevylyan, Mr.

Swanton; and all the Members that serve for the Coun-. ties of Lincoln and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Carterett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the respective Sales of a Fee-farm Rent, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right honourable John Lord Carterett, and William Hillerjdon Esquire, to each other; and to discharge the same from divers Estates, Terms, and Trulls, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had direQcd him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir John Norris presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the AOs of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Ann, for the Repair of Dotw-Harbour; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded, according to [Order, to lake into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for making more effectual an AQ, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne,

Vol. 18.

intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by-encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to Some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Quefrion being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House. divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ } 141

TeHers for the Noes, £ ^Mou; ] 104*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take East into Confederation the Eeport from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Roads from the City of oad#* London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the county of '

Suffer; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; was committed;

And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quefrion severally put thereu)K)u, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making Provision for amending the Highways between Non such Park and Worcester Park; and from that

End of Non such Park, next Ewell, to the White Post now at the End of the Lane leading from thence to Moreton:

And the Quefrion being put, That the Clause be brougjht «p;

It passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendmenta be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the Call of House; the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight

The Order of the Day being read for the House to' resolve itself into a Committee, to consider further of the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain, and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick;

Ordered, That it be an InstruQion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to extiw guish a Pension of Five thousand Pounds rtnuWj

granted by her late Majesty, out Of the Revenue of Ireland, to the late Duke of Oimond, after all just Claim3 and Demands thereupon are satisfied.-----

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. LoviboncI and Mr-Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, -A.n Act to jrari of enable Rickard Earl of Burlington to make Leases of «. Burlington'* Piece of Ground beyond Burlington-house; To which the Estate. Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

----- The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for sale of the forfeited. pi,1* Estates in Great Britain and Ireland for the XT of tb^ f*’ Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had di him to move. That they may have Leave to fit

9 C Jibbed,

74*

x 8° — 19* Februarii.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the feud Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Exporting A PETITION of the Tanners in Rumsey, in the Bark. -LX. County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark, hath been exported into Irelan» where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Disadvantage of the Tanning-trade of this Kingdom; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade: That a Statute was made, in the Reign of King James the First, against the Engrafting of Oak-bark, and Felling of oaken Trees at unseasonable times of the Year; which Statute is now become of little Force: And praying. That the said Statute may be revived, and the Exportation of Bark prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Earl of Bur- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to lington’s enable Richard Earl of Burlington to make Leases of a Estate. Piece of Ground behind Burlington-house, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

O(Bey’s Mr. Farrer, according to Order, presented to the

Debt to House a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Trea-

the Crown, foxy, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Del}t he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties ou Tobacco: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tim$.

forfeited Mr. Treby, from the Commissioners appointed to in-

quire into the forfeited Estates, presented to the House Abstract of Claims on the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland, continued from N* 805, to N# 1307 both inclusive.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Duke of Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to Devonshire’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Efttttf. Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, and William'Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Son" and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Spinster,

only Child of John Hosky Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same iu his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were read; and are as follow;

Press 10. Line 33. After " the," insert " then Press 17. Line 33. Before "Longstone,"insert *Little:" Press 21. Line 12. After " Tythes," leave out "in," and insert " of:"

Prels 25. Line 6. After " Hundred," add " Pounds Prels 44. Line 14. After " Esquire," insert " Commonly

Prels 46. Line 27. Before" Marquis," insert " WUHam Cavendish, commonly called

Prels 47. Line 1. After " Temporal," insert " and " Commons:"

Press 49. Line 20. Leave out from " Appurtenances" to the Word " to," in Line 28.:

Press 52. Line 19. After " limited," insert these Words, " and as to, for, and concerning, all those Two " Parts of the Tythe, Tenth Parts, Customary Duties,

or Portions of Lead-ore, in Three Parts to be divided,

" arising, coming, growing, or renewing, in the Towns,

Parishes, Precincts, or Territories of " well, and Hope, or any of them, in the said County " of Derby, with all Profits, Commodities, Advantages and Things, unto the said Two Parts belonging, immediately from and after the Solemnization of the said '

" intended Marriage Press 53. Line 40. After " Body," insert " of Prels 61. Line 32. After " limited," add " in " Use

Prese 62. Line 7. After " Wife," add " begotten

Press 8i. Liue 21. Before "Saving," insert " Provided neverthelefe, and it is hereby Declared and En- acted. That the said William Duke of Devonshire shall " not be enabled, by virtue of any of the Powers herein before recited, or any other Power or Powers whatsoever,

" to charge, incumber, lessen, or defeat, the Estate herein before limited to the said William Marquis oiHarting-11 ton, for and during the joint Lives of the said William Duke of Devonshire, and William Marquis of -

" ton, or the said Term of Sixty Years herein before limited to the said William Hoskins and Robert Sherard,

" in any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying and being in the said " County of Huntington, or any Part thereof; any thing " herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Commit- Duke of tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Kent’* An Act to enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Eftat*. Grey Esquire, commonly called Earl of Hai'rold, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of Harrold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the J Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 6. L. latt, After fame," leave out all to the Word " Provided," in Prels 10. Line 19.; and, instead thereof, insert " That the said Clause, or Proviso, in the " said recited Act of Parliament contained, which re- strains the barring or defeating the Estates Tail there- in mentioned of and in the Premises in the said recited " Act of Parliament, and Indenture Quadrupartite, contained, shall be, and is hereby, repealed, annulled, and " made void, to all Intents and Purposes:

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Angular the said Manors, Messuages,

" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said,

" Indenture Quadrupartite, and Act of Parliament, comprised or mentioned (except the Messuages, Lands,

" and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey), with " their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, be, and are hereby, vested in, and settled in and upon, the said Henry Duke of Kent and his Alfigus,

" for and during the Term of his natural Life, without " Impeachment of or for any manner of Waste; and,

" immediately from and after the Decease of the said " Henry Duke of Kent, in and upon the said Earl

"of

4 Geo. I.

19* Februarii.

" of Harrold, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and " discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, " Provisoes, Limitations, Estates, and Entails, in the " same Indenture Quadrupartite, and Act of Parliament, " contained; to the Intent they the said Henry Duke of " Kent, and Anthony Earl of Harrold, or the said Anthony Earl of Harrold alone, after the Decease of the said " Duke, in case he shall happen to survive him, may be " thereby enabled to make such Jointure or Jointures, by way of Rent-charge, or otherwise, Settlement or " Settlements, Conveyance or Conveyances, and to make " such Dispositions, and declare, limit, or create, such " Ule or Uses, Estate or Estates, of the same Manors, " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " or any Part thereof, except the Premises before excepted, upon the Marriage of the said Anthony Earl of " Harrold, or upon any other Occasionj as to them the " laid Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Earl of Harrold, or to the said Anthony Earl of Harrold alone, " after the Decease of the said Duke, in case he shall " survive the said Duke, shall seem meet; so as such Setdement or Settlements, Conveyance or Conveyances, " do not affect, charge, or incumber, any of the Premises " comprised in the joint Estate of the said Jemima Duchels of Kent, during her Life only:

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony " Earl of Harrold his Son, during their joint Lives, or " the said Anthony Earl of Harrold alone, after the said " Duke’s Decease, in case he shall happen to survive the " laid Duke, shall have full Power and Authority, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his or " dieir respective Hand or Hands, Seal or Seals, attested " by Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant, limit, or " appoint any of the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Jlereditaments, and " Premises, in the said Indenture Quinquepartite, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the " Third, comprised, or any Part or Parts thereof, and of " such yearly Value as to them shall seem meet, to any " Person or Persons, for any Term or Terms, or Number of Years, without Impeachment of Walter subject to such Provisoes and Limitations as the said Henry " Duke of Kent, and Anthony Earl of Harrold, shall, by " such Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, declare, " limit, or appoint, in Trust, by Sale or Mortgage of " the Premises so to be granted, limited, or appointed, or " of any Part thereof, for all or any Part of the Term " or Terms so granted, limited, or appointed, or out of " the Rents or Profits thereof, or otherwise, as to the " Trustees, in whom such Term or Terms shall be veiled " shall seem meet, for raising such Sum or Sums of Money for the Portion or Portions, Maintenance or Maintenances, of such Daughter and Daughters of the said " Anthony Earl of Harrold, by his First Marriage, in case " of Failure of Issue Male thereof, and for the Daughter f(and Daughters, younger Son and younger Sons, of the " said Anthony Earl of Harrold, by such Marriage, in case " there shall be Issue Male thereof; and to be paid to them respectively in such Manner, in such Proportions, " and at such Times, as to the said Henry Duke of Kent, " and Anthonp Earl of Harrold, during their joint Lives, " or to the said Anthony Earl of Harrold alone, after the " Duke’s Decease, in case he shall survive the said Duke, " shall, by such Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, as " aforesaid, direct, limit, or appoint:

" And it is hereby Declared and Enacted, That such " Rent-charge and Rent-charges, Jointure or Jointures, " Settlement or Settlements, to be made of the Premises " contained in the said recited Indenture Quadrupartite, " and Act of Parliament, and also all and every the " Term and Terms for Years so to be granted, limited, " or appointed, of and in the Premises contained in the " laid recited Indenture Quinquepartite, for any the " Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, aforesaid, shall be good " and available in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes " whatsoever; any thing in the said Indenture Quadru-Vol. 18.

743

" partite, Act of Parliament, and Indenture Quinquepartite, or any of them, contained, notwithstanding:"

Press 12. Line 8. After " Surrey,"leave out all to " Be, " in Line 15. Prels 12.:

Prels 12. Line 22. Leave out the Word "shall."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Herne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bathurst’* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for efta- EftaUi blishing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his Three Sons under his Will; and exchanging Ground-rents in Wrapping, in Middlesex, for another Rent of like Value; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Number of into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Horses uf»4 whom the Bill to repeal an Act, of the First Year of the *®8°n~

Reign of his Majesty, which restrains all Waggoners,

Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only; was committed:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent Waggons and Carts carrying Bricks, with Wheel* lhod or bound with Iron, Streaks, or Tire:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the same was, upon- the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Act should not extend to regulate the Ditnen-fions of the Tires, or Streaks, for Wheels of Carts drawn by Horses only:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, sttppiv. -r:ii Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year Duties on a 718, was read the Third time. Malt.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thou-land Seven hundred and Eighteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Shipping, in behalf of themselves, and others trading to and from Sweden, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act, of the last Session, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty, effectually to prohibit or restrain Commerce with Sweden; and by Proclamation,

Trade with Sweden,

744 19* — 20° Febrsarii. A. 1717.

6on dated 13th March 1716; al! Commerce between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of Sweden has been, and yet (lands, prohibited, till after the Twentieth Day of March next ensuing: That the Petitioners ac-tjuiefeed under the said Prohibition, in Expectation that their trading neighbours would have come into the same Meafirres; but the Dutch, and others, have carried on a very great Trade to and from the Ports of , whilst the Subjects of Great Britain have been deprived not Only of the Benefit of employing their Shipping in that Trade, and vending their own Plroduft and Manufactures, but aHb disabled from furnishing other Markets with great Quantities of Szcedish Commodities, as formerly they have done: And praying. That the present Circumstances of the Trade to Sweden may be taken into Con-deration; and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take the Matter of the said Petition into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be then heard, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do then attend this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Directions, That the Instructions given to his Majesty’s Ministers in Holland, to make Instances to the States General, in respect to their prohibiting Commerce with Sweden; with the Date of those Instruoions; and the Answer of the States General thereupon; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Governor of the Company

do lay before this House an Account of what Ships belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects have been taken by the Swedes for Six Years last past; distinguishing the Times When such Ships were taken, and to what Ports they were bound.

Ordered, That the Governor of the Ruffin Company do lay before this House an Account of the fevertd Petitions presented to her late Majesty, and his present Majesty, and the Memorials delivered in to the Secretary of State’s Office thereupon, in relation to their Grievances occasioned by the Interruption of their Commerce by Sweden.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Commission. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the «r» for Army whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioni-Dcbu. ers to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was committed; be received upon Friday Morning next

Forfeited Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve

Estates. of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and for the Use

of the Publick.

Opening Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

Exeter Port ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for Wool. House, to consider further of the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 20° Februarii j

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P-ft A T E RS.

A7l C HO LA S Toepken, John Abraham Korten, Arnold Lang, John Botefeur, and

John Cartier, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Rose, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Pawlett, Mr. London, Mr. Herne, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Calmady, Colonel Morton, Colonel Long,- Mr. England, Mr. Ayre, Admiral Aylmer, Sir John Norris, Mr. Treby, Mr. OJsley, Mr. Inge, Mr. Eden, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Booth, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Papil/on, Mr. Sir Wm.

Daines, Mr. Clayton, Mr. LeiviMr. Gibbon, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Wrig Mr. Cunningham,

Mr. Gregory, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Winston ley, Mr. Liston, General Carpenter, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Peirje, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. IVindforAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John OJsley, for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dower Harbour, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, within the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, a Duty of Three Pence per Ton is laid on all Ships or Vessels, from Twenty to Three hundred Tons, within this Realm, that shall pass or repafe by Dover; excepting Ships loaden with Coals, Grindstones, Purbeck or Portland Stones, which are to pay only Three Halfpence per Ton; no Coaster or Fisherman is, by the Act, obliged to pay the said Duty above Once in one Year; all Ships and Vessels belonging to Weymouth, Port of Ramsgate, Melcomb Regis, Lyme'Regis, and Great Yarmouth, are excepted from paying any Duty: That above Twenty Thousand-Pounds hath been collected towards repairing Dower Pier, by Ships passing and repairing, that have not received any Benefit thereby; the Entrance into the Pier being narrow, and so choaked up with loose Gravel-stones when the Wind blows hard, that no Vessel of Fifty Tons can go in or out: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the Bill now dependingJ or exempted from paying this Duty any longer, except upon such Ships as enter the Pier.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inlarge-ing the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Ann, for Repair of Dover Harbour, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Counsel be heard for the said Bill, if the Petitioners for the said Bill think fit.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships belonging to the Port of Colchester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners 20 always

4 Geo. I. 20° Februarii. 745

always have and do bear, and pay, the Charge of main- Livelihood by Work, about Bark and Wood, was pre-taining and repairing their own Port of Colchester: And fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the praying, That they may be exempted from the Duties Petitioners hearing, That the Tanners of , in this

for the maintaining and repairing the Pier of Dover. County, have entered into a Combination with several to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- join with them, in signing Petitions to this honourable federation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom House, to prohibit exporting any Oak-bark to Ireland, the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the even for what they have no Occasion for themselves:

Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King Wil- That raoft of their Lands are so mountainous, rocky, and liam the Third, and the Second and Third Years of barren, as to produce little, besides Wood; and, if de-Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, is prived of a Market for their Bark, great Numbers of committed. Families, for want of Employment, will be reduced to

( Necessity: And praying, That they may not be pro-

£x porting' A Petition of the Proprietors and Owners of Wood in hibited exporting to Ireland the Bark the Tanners will fi«k. the Townships of Brathey, Skclwith, and MonhConistone, not buy.

in the most Northern Part of Lancashire, whose Names , That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other

Landholders, and many Families who get their Liveli- A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, Assist- Trade with

hood by Work about Bark and Wood, was presented to ants, and Commonalty, of Cutlers in in the Sweden,

the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners County of York, and within Six Miles Compass of the hearing, that the Tanners of Kendall have entered into fame, incorporate by Act of Parliament, in behalf of them-a Combination with m&ny Shoemakers, to procure an selves, and Thousands more of their Members, and neigh-Act to prohibit the Exporting of any Oak-bark to Ireland-,homing Tradesmen, was presented to the House. and

yea, even what this Country produces yearly more than read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are a very nu-they, and all the Tanners in this Country, have Occasion merous Company of Trading-people, moll of which are for: And, if the Tanners obtain a Prohibition of ex- obliged to maintain themselves, and Families, with very porting Bark from the Northern Parts of Lancashire to hard Labour, in making Knives, and several other Sorts Ireland, no Bark will be of any Value but what is near of Edge-tools; and serve many foreign Parts therewith: them; to the irreparable Damage, and great Impoverish- That, before the Prohibition of the Trade with Sweden, ment, of them, and many Hundreds of others, Owners of a great Part of the best of the Petitioners Wares were lent Bark, and many Hundred Families of labouring People: thither, and exchanged so*' the Iron of that Country:

And praying, That they may not be prohibited exporting That the Stocks of Szcedish Iron are now wrought up; so

Bark to Ireland. that, without some speedy Supply, their several Trades

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, mull fink; and Thousands of Families concerned therein

starved, for want of Employment: And praying such Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of Grifdale, Satterthwaite, Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Dale Park, Graithwaite, Whaithcad, Rujland, Slot Parke, Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be taken

Plumb-green, Finstead, and Haverthwaite, in the County into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, of Lancaster, Owners of Woods and woody Grounds

there, was presented to the House, and read; setting A Petition of the Merchants, and Masters of the Ships, Ditto* forth. That that Country now produces great Quantities of the ancient Borough and Town of Stockton upon Tease, of Wood, and Four times more Bark than the Tanners in the County of , was presented to the House,

there have Occasion to make use of: That the Growth and read; setting forth, That the Prohibition of Trade of Wood hath been very much encouraged since the Ex- with Sweden hath been, and yet is, a very great Detri-portation of Bark; insomuch that there is now greater ment to them, and all the rest of the Merchants, and Quantities of Wood by much than there was before the Mariners, of this Port: who, for some Years lall past, means of exporting it to Ireland was found out: That the before the said Prohibition, imported from thence great Petitioners, and other Proprietors of Woods, will be Quantities of Iron, and other Merchandizes, at very mo-ruined and undone, by prohibiting the Exportation of derate Rates, which we cannot now have from any other Bark; and be of publick Prejudice: And praying, That Place to supply our Country with: And praying such the Exportation of Bark may not be prevented. Relief as to the House shall ieem meet, in order to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. procure his Majesty’s Proclamation for taking off the said

Prohibition.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of Cartmellfell, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Parish of Cartmell, and County of Lancaster, w hole lideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves,

and several others concerned in Wood and Bark, was pre- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That being Council, Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen informed, That the Tanners from several Parts of this Manufactury, at Leeds, and Places adjacent, was pre Nation, have, by many Petitions, solicited this honourable fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an House, to prohibit the Exportation of Oak-bark to Ire- Act wras passed to prohibit Trade with Sweden, from the land', although the North Part of Lancashire, and the ad- 20th of March last, for a Year; and is further impower-jacent Part of Westmorland, have, and for time to come, ed to continue the said Prohibition to the End of the will produce greater Quantities of Oak-bark than the Tan- next Sessions of Parliament: That the said Prohibition ners in this Country have Occasion for, or can use: That hath not only prevented the Exportation of large Quan-the chief Profits of many Hundreds of Landholders titles of the Woollen Manufactures from these Parts;

Estates consists in felling yearly some Bark end Wood; but likewise hath occasioned a great Scarcity and Deamels and, if deprived of exporting their Bark, it will not only of Iron, which hath usually been imported in Return there-' be a means to disable them from paying their Taxes, but of: And praying, That the said Prohibition mayceafe. be deprived of a comfortable Livelihood: And praying, Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be taken That the Exportation of Bark may not be prohibited. into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Ironmongers, Dealers, Artificers, Ditto. Ditto. A Petition of the Proprietors and Owners of Wood in and Manufacturers of Iron and Steel, inhabiting in and the Townships of Great Langdale and Loughrigg, and about Birmingham, in the County of Waru'ick, whole Places adjacent, in the County of Westmorland, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many

Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Dealers, and Manufacturers of Iron and Steel, in other Landholders, and very many Families who get their and about Birmingham aforesaid, was presented to tho Vol. 18. 9D House,

74-6 so0 — 2i*

House, and read; setting forth, That, for more than Twelve Months last past, there hath been a very great Scarcity of Iron, occasioned chiefly by the Want of foreign Iron: That the Making of Steel here depends upon our being supplied with foreign Iron; and that a very considerable Branch of their Trade now suffers, for want of a Supply of Iron fit to be converted into Steel: And praying, That their same may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Trade with A Petition of the Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, Sweden. an(j other Traders in Iron-ware, in the Town o

in the County of Suffolk, and the Parts adjacent, in behalf

of themselves, and several Hundreds dealing in Iron-ware, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners lie under great Hardships, by reason of the great Scarcity of Iron, and the excessive Price they are obliged to pay for their Goods; by which they will be in Danger of losing their Subsistence, unless some speedy Relief be given them: That the Iron which is made in England is in no Proportion sufficient to supply the several Workmen in that Manufacture: And praying, That the Prohibition laid upon Iron imported from Sweden may be taken off.

Ordered ', Tlyit the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

i rauds in A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Customs, &e Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers, London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Manufacturers in Silks and Stuffs, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, notwithstanding the Laws against Running of Goods, great Quantities of foreign-wrought Silks and Stuffs, are clandestinely imported into this Kingdom; and Goods prohibited to be worn here are frequently relanded, after they have been shipped for Exportation, and are then used; to the great Damage of the Manufacturers of this Kingdom; which fraudulent Practices are of late much increasea; and like to continue, if some further Remedy be not speedily provided; and there being a Bill brought into this honourable House for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods; which, if passed into a Law, will relieve them; or, at lealt, put some Stop to these pernicious Ways of Trading: And praying, That the said Bill may pais this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, is committed.

East Grin- An ingrossed Bill for amending the Roads from the

stead Hoads. £jj.y £oll(jon to the Town of East in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels Line To insert " John Crew, Henry Meriton, Richard Ducane, Thomas u PiggoMiThomas Wyatt:"

Prels Line After " unladen," to insert " and for " every Chaise, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, drawn t( by one Horse only:"

Prels 8. Line To leave out " Trustees," and insert " Justices."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Februarii. ’ 1717.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Plantation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to take into Consideration the State of the Trade to the Plantations; and to consider of proper Methods for suppressing Piracies in the West Indies.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealca to give Directions, That the several Memorials, Petitions, and Repre-fentations, that have been font, or delivered, to the Lords of the Admiralty, Secretaries of State, or Lords Commissioners of Trade, by the Governors of, and Traders to, the Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to the Pirates in the West Indies since the last Peace; with an Account of the Orders given thereupon; may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of what Number of his Majesty’s Ships are in the West Indies; and at what time they were font thither; and what Instructions were given to the Commanders of the said Ships, in relation to the suppressing the Pirates.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of tire Forfeited whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Sale of Ea*n*. the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Frauds in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Customs, i<c. upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or some of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or some of diem, do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V zneris, 21° die Februarii j

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the Tanners of Hides and Skins Exporting in and near the Borough of Rippon, in die West IJark. Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Exportation of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty is paid to his Majesty, for Leather, is so detrimental to the Petitioners, and to all others of the same Trade, that unless some speedy Course be taken to prevent this growing Evil, it will certainly destroy the English Trade in Leadier: And praying such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon die Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cornwall* the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands, and Estate. Hereditaments, of Francis Cornwall Esquire; and like-wife the said Francis Cornwall of and from certain Articles

of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Francis Cornwall’, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

4 Geo. I. 21 Februarii.

747

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Foley, Mr. Earl, Mr. Heme, Sir Haines, Mr. Haldane, Mr. London, Mr. Mr. Morice,

Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Molesworth, Kir. General

Roffc, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Sir

Hen. Hogh ton, Mr. Reynell, Colonel Mr. Ser-

jeant Pengelly, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Diston, Mr. Serjeant Reynolds, Kir. Offley, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Tho. Read, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Auditor Mr Sir

Owen, Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hill, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Bacon, Kir. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Brodrick, Mr.

gram, Colonel Cadogan, Sir Win. Mr.

Sir Wm.Humfryes; and all that serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tliurfton’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eilat*. for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Joseph Thurston Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and E/Jex, for Payment of his Debts; and making Provision for his Infant Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Kir. Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Wm. Mr. Serjeant Birch,

Kir. London, Kir. Coventry, Mr. Diston, Mr. Morice, Mr. Stephens, Colonel Morton, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Mr. Westphaling, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Kir. Booth,

Sir John Eylcs, Sir Cha. Cook, Mr. Lade, Sir Richard Gough, Sir Hen. Ashhurst, Mr. Wild, Mr. Sir

James Campbell, Mr. Shu General Webb, Lord Molesworth, Mr. Rudge, Colonel Lord Harty

Powlett, Colonel Bladen, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Bacon, Kir. Foley, Mr. Ducane, Mr. Lowther, Sir Phil. Parker, Mr. Heath, Mr. Kir. Bellamy, Mr. Heysham, Sir Wm.Johnstone, Kir. Eyles, Mr. Serjeant Pengelly, Mr. Bertie, Kir. Earl , Mr. Loxcndes, Mr. Sir Samuel Leonard, Sir Richard Steel; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That the Addrest. Addrest, of the Nineteenth Instant, That the Instrufitions given to his Majesty’s Ministers in Holland, to make Instances to the States General, in respefit to their prohibiting Commerce with Sweden; with the Date of those Instrufitions; and the Answer of the States General thereupon; might be laid before this House; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That they should be laid before the House accordingly.

O

Ludolph’*, A Petition of Martin and John Ludolph

&c. Nat. Spcllerberg was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are Persons born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but profefe the true Protestant Religion; having given Testimony of their humble, dutiful, and loyal, Affefitions to his Majesty: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kir. Ixndon and Kir. Ileyfham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dover Pier. A Petition of divers Cheesemongers of London on behalf of themselves, and others, trading to anti Chester, was presented to the House, and read $ letting forth, That by the Act, of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, for Repair of Dover Harbour, there is a Claul’e exempting all Coasters from paying thereto more than once a Year; yet several of the Petitioners Ships loading to Dublin, in their Return back to Liverpoole or Chester, have been deemed as foreign Ships, and paid three or four times in one Year; and for the full Tonnage of the Ships, although not fully loaden: Vol. 18.

That the greatest Part of the said Ships trading to Liverpoole pay a considerable Duty; and have been, and are, at a great Charge towards repairing and maintaining the Dock and Hprbour there: And praying, That a Clause may be received for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the A fits, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Dover Pier, Owners and Mailers of Ships, of the Borough and Port of Liverpoole, in the County of Lancaster, trading to London, with Cheese, and elsewhere, Coastwise, and to Holland, and thence to Ireland, and this Place, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That being informed a Bill is brought in to enlarge and continue the Time and Duty for Dover Pier; which will oblige all Ships that pals by that Port to pay a great Duty thereto, whether they receive any Benefit thereby or not: That

they th.....and still are, at a very great Charge to make

their Harbour commodious and lafe, without charging any Ships whatsoever towards the fame, but those that come into their Port: And praying. That their Ships may be exempted from paying the said Duties to the Pier of Dover.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Afils, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, is committed.

A Petition of the Ironmongers, Smiths, and others, of piantatiotm the Town of Birmingham, and Parts adjacent, in the Iron-work». behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more employed in the Trade and Manufafitiires of Iron and Brafe, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, That the Petitioners now labouring under great Difficulties,

Cj Cp y '

through the Scarcity of Iron and Brals, in carrying on tUofe Manufactures, upon which the Livelihoods of many Thousands do there w holly depend: And praying, That feme Encouragement may be given to such as shall erefit Works for making of Iron and Copper in the Plantations in America, in order to supply from thence the growing Wants of those Materials.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants,

Ironmongers, Smiths, and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Manufafiture in this Kingdom, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act of the First: Nambe*-Year of the Reign of his Majesty, which rellrains all ^aggon-Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more tha,n Five Horses in Length; and to impower them to draw with Six Horses only; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 7. Line To insert the Word " Liberty" twice;

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do |>ais: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act of the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, which rellrains all Waggoners, Carriers, and others, from drawing any Carriage with more than Five Horses in Length; and to rellrain them from drawing with more than Six Horses; and for obliging all new Tires or Streaks for Wheels of travelling Waggons, Wains, or Carts, to be made flat, and Three Inches broad, and for the better preferring the Highways in Repair.

Ordered,

748

2i° — 32° Februarii.

A. 1717.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas JVheat do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trade with A Petition of several Ironmongers, Anchoir-smiths, and Sweden, other Manufacturers of Iron, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain Commerce with Sweden; that all Commerce between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of Sweden has been, and yet stands, prohibited to the End of the Session of Parliament, that shall happen to meet after the Twentieth Day of March next ensuing: That the Petitioners acquiesced under the said Prohibition, in Expectation it would determine-the Twentieth of next;

the said Prohibition being greatly to the Prejudice of, and very discouraging to, the Trade of this Kingdom: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Raw Silk An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Manufacture. roa(je in the Eighth Year of the lteign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vi

Prels 1. Line 26. After " made," insert "of:"

, Press 2. Line 9, and 1 o. Leave out " thereof

Prels 4. Line 5. Leave out " to:"

Line 26. Leave out " made:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

=* }<*

Telle,-s for the No Ks{: 98'

So.it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coamifllnrrs for Army Debts.

>103.

► LOO,

Mr. Craggs, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, (late, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the Commissioners to examine and date the Demands made by several foreign Princes and States, by virtue of Treaties or Conventions, for Arrears of Pay, and Subffdics, incurred before his Majesty’s Accession to the Crown; and report the same to the King, and to the Lords and Commons, severally, the next Session of Parliament.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Forfeited resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the' Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,| }.

Tellers for Ure Noe,),

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair accordingly.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be-received upon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Opening

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Exeter *ort whole House, to consider further of the Bill for opening or 00 the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Frauds in Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee ox the Customs,&«. whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or feme of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or feme of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcott, Sir Richard Steele, Sir Duke of Samuel Lennard, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Smelt, Lord Milton, N'ewcaftl*'* Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Attorney General, Eftat0*

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Sir

Wilfred Lawson, be added to the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

vesting the Manor of Esher Watervile and other Lands

therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies

Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of

Rent-charges to be issuing out of the fame; and other

Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of

Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, in

Trull for the Poor of the said Town; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 2° die F;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Tanners in Shipston upon Exporting Stower, in the County of Worcester, and Parts Bark, adjacent, in the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of English Bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into other Places, where no Duty is paid for Hides and Skins; which, if not timely prevented, will soon destroy the Leather-trade of this Kingdom: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Ludolph's. Order, a Bill to naturalize Martin Ludolph and John Nat Ludolph Spellerberg: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second time.

iG Mr.

Lord Htr-

borough’s

EftaU.

Duke of

Newcastle's

Estate.

Trade with Sweden.

Answer to AddrtSs.

Ships taken hj Swedee.

Ditto.

4 Geo. I. 220 Februarii.

749

Mr. Gregory reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the great Tythes, and Glebe-lands, belonging to the Rcflory of Sax by, in the County of Leicejfyr, in the Ilight honourable Bennett Lord liar borough, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, and an Annuity to be settled on the Hector of the said Church, and his Successors for ever; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord William Powlctt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Esher vile, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-charges to be issuing out of the fame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the Poor of the said Town; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Complaint being made to the House, That M. Mor- Privilege. feild, and Etzard, of Covent Garden, have made a Distress of feme Goods of Edward Carterett Esquire, a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Duke of settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of D«v°n(hir»’s Devonshire, and William Cavendish Esquire, commonly a called Marquis of Hartingtbn, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Catherine Hoskins Spinster, only Child of John Hoskins Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 53. Line 6. After " Marquis," to insert " of

And the same was, upon the' Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordftnps Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Extracts of several Letters from the Secretaries of State here to his Majesty’s Residents in Holland; and of several Letters from the said Residents to the Secretaries of State; together with a Memorial delivered to the States General by Mr. Leathes, in March 17x7:

And also acquainted the Houser That the Addresses, of the Twentieth Instant, for the Memorials, Petitions, Representations, Orders, Accounts, and InstruQions, therein mentioned, relating to the Piracies in the West Indies, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That they should be laid before the House accordingly.

The Titles of the Extracts of the said Letters were read.

Ordered, That the said Extracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extracts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do lay before this House any Memorials that he has presented to the Regency of Sweden, in relation to the Captures of British Ships by the Swedish Privateers; with the Answers of the Regency of Sweden thereupon.

The House being informed. That Sir Benjamin Ailoffe, Governor of the Rteffia Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of the several Petitions presented by the Muscovia Company to her late Majesty, and his present Majesty; and the Memorials delivered in to the Secretaries of States Office thereupon, in relation to their Grievances, occasioned by the Interrupt tion of their Commerce by Szceden; in which is included an Account of what Ships, belonging to his Majesty’a Subjects, have been taken by the Szcedes for Six Years h ll putt, so far as is come to their Knowlege.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

YT o r.. 1S.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Duke of enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey Esquire, Kent's Estate, commonly called Earl of Harrold, to mak Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of Harrold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of several Merchants, Shipwrights, Iron- plantation, mongers, Smiths, and Dealers in Iron, and Iron Manu-fastury, in the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds more, concerned in the said Manu-facturies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Sweedland being prohibited, hath entirely prevented the Importation of Iron from thence; which obligeth the Traders therein to import it at Second-hand; to the great Discouragement of that Manufactury: That there are, in his Majesty’s own Plantations, great Quantities of Iron-ore, Wood, and other Materials for Making of Iron; by which the Poor there may be employed, and paid for by the Manufactories of Great Britain, and these Kingdoms greatly supplied with Iron from thence: And praying, That Encouragement may be given to those that are willing to engage in erecting Iron-works in his Majesty’s Colonies.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Ironmongers, Smiths, and other Dealers in Iron, in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more concerned in the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, is referred.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to consider of the Matter of the Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Shipping, in behalf of themselves, and others trading to and from Sioeden, praying, That the present Circumstances of the Trade to Sweden might be taken into the Consideration of this House:

And the Petitioners were called in:

And the Petition was read:

9 E

And

Trade wit& Sweden.

Trade with Sweden.

750

23° — 24® Februarlt.

A. 1717.

And the Petitioners were heard thereupon:

And some of the Traders to who had not

signed the Petition, were likewise heard.

And then the Petitioners, and other Traders, withdrew.

And Mr. Jackson attending, according to Order;

He was called in; and laid before the House a Translation, from the Swedish, of the Memorial presented by Resident Jackson to the Swedish Chancery, July 16 th,

1714:

And the Title thereof was read.

The Translation of the said Memorial is as follows: viz.

Translation, from the Swedish, of the Memorial presented by Resident Jackson to the Swedish Chancery,

July the 16th, 1714.

Whereas the many serious Representations, which the underwritten Resident of her Majesty the Queen of 'Great Britain hath already, from time to time, made both to her Royal Highness berself, as well as to your Excellencies, and the Royal Chancery, in order to obtain the Releasement of the several British Ships this Year brought up by the Sivedish Ships of War, and Capers, have not hitherto had the expected Effect; but, on the contrary, more and more of her Majesty’s Subjects Ships are daily seized, and sent up to sundry Ports, and con-filcated, without the lead: Regard had to the Passports, which, conform to the Treaties between the Two Crowns, they are all provided with: the Underwritten does therefore find himself obliged, in Obedience to the exprefe Commands he has lately received from the Queen his most gracious Mistress, hereby to addrels himself again to your Excellencies, and the Royal Chancery; and ear-neftly press, that you will be pleased so to remonstrate this Affair again to her Royal Highness, and the Senate, that all the said detained Ships, together with their Lade-ings, according to the annexed Lift, may not only, without Delay, be given free, and set at Liberty to proceed . on their intended Voyages; especially seeing most of them are freighted to fetch naval Stores for her Majesty’s immediate'Service; but that likewise the necessary Orders may be given to the proper Officers to forbear, hereafter,

' the like violent Proceedings; they being direCHy contrary to the plain Tenor of the subsisting Treaties, which is the established Law between the Two Kingdoms; that all such Ground of Complaint, as can wound the Friend-ship between the Two Nations, may thereby be removed; as also the ill <Consequences prevented, which otherwise may probably result from the Continuance of such unjust Treatment; where to the Underwritten does further desire anfl expect of your Excellencies, and the Royal Chancery, such an Answer as may serve for his most gracious Queen’s further Regulation herein.

Stockholm, the 16th July, 1714. R. Jackson.

Lift of British Ships brought up in the Swedish Ports, to the 16th July 1714; a Copy whereof Resident Jackson annexed to his Memorial of that Date.

The Chefwick, Edward Matter:

Th ^Elizabeth, George Erring-

ton Matter:

The John and ElisabJohn

Cobb Matter: Thele Eight

The Blessing, Thomas Clark Ships are to

Matter: Sload Naval

The Stephen, Benjamin French Stores for

Matter: the Queen’s

The Prosperous Anne, John Service.

Pine Matter;

The Nicholson, Robert Hewet Matter:

at Carlf-i The Riga Merchant, Stephen

crone; ( March Matter. j

Trade with Sweden*

Brougltt up at Stockholm;

The Robert and Jane, John Cast on Matter: The John, John Wood Matter:

The Adventure, William Scot Matter: at Stock-) The Carteen, James Alexander Master: holm;. \ The Fisher, Andrew Fowler Master:

The Elizabeth, Richard Norman Master: The Globe, Michael King Master:

LThe Nightingale, Ralph Master.

.. (The John's Goodwill, Thomas Thompson 4 < Master:

er&’ (The Anne Dogger, John Milbum Master.

*holm*' J The Experiment, William Mason Master.

Ordered, That the said Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matters of the said Petition be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petitioners do then attend this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do then attend this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday # Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lung) 24° die Februarii\

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pra VERS.

MA. RTINLadolph, John Ludolph Spellerberg, and Urick Jansen, took toe Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Kingston upon Hull, concerned in the Trade to Sweden, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are sensibly touched with the Inconveniences they lie under, in retpefit of the present Prohibition of the said Trade; and humbly conceive, that the Importation of the Goods of that Country from neutral Ports will be attended with so great an Expence, as, in a great measure, w ill render the tame ineffectual: And praying, That fqcli Means may be used, as may be proper for opening again the Trade directly between this Kingdom and Sweden.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Petitions relating to the Trade Ditto, with Sweden, which were ordered to be considered upon Saturday last, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom Downing's the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement betw’een Sir George Downing Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester Knight, and her Trustees, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Admiral Aylmer presented to the House, pursuant to Plantation their Address to his Majesty, Memorials, Petitions, and Trade. Representations, to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, by the Governors and Traders to the Plantations, with respect to the Pirates in the West Indies; with the Orders given thereupon:

And the General Title to the said Papers was read.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, Petitions, and Representations, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Earl of Burlington's Eft ate.

Eversfeild’s

Estate.

Shi pperd ion’s Estate.

Exporting

Hark.

Plantation

Trade.

Ditto.

4 Geo. I. Februarii.

The said Memorials, Petitions, and Representations, do attend the Committee of the whole House Tomorrow are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. Morning, who are to consider of the State of the Trade to

the Plantations; and to consider of Methods for sup-An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act pressing Pirates in the West Indies. to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to make Leases of

a Piece of Ground behind Burlinglon-house, was read a A Bill to naturalize Martin Ludolph and John Ludolpk Ludolph’*, Second time. Spellerb was read a Second time. &Cl Nat*

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hitch, Re That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Guidot, Mr. Herne, Mr. London, Mr. Heysham, Sir Mr. Lord Midleten, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Betts,

Tho. Cross’e, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gzvyn, Sir Air. Smith, Mr. Barington, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Hutchen-

John Trevelyan, General Ross, Mr. Inge, Mr. Naylor, Jon, "Mr. Whitmore, Sir Mr. Gregory, Sir

Mr. Milner, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Ne~ Cha. Turner, Mr. Mr. Lewis,

vill, Mr. Hollywood, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Monro, Sir Geo. Qffley, Mr. Air. Sutton, Colonel Oughton, Mr.

Beaumont. Air. York, Lord Montrath, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Windsor, Mr. Milner, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Cha. Hotham. Colonel Rolle. Air. Ashe. Air. Darcie. Bladen, Mr. Air. Hedworth, Sir Corbett,

Air. Morice, Mr. Strickland, Lord Morpeth, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Chulmley, Lord Shelbum, Mr.

Norris, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Frankland, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gould, Mr. Ingram, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Offlcy, Sir John Rogers, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr.

Air. Methuen, Mr. Jeffip, Mr. Earl, Colonel Fane, Sir Cha. Cook, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

Diston, Mr. Ha!fey, Sir John Tirwhyt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Windsor, Lord Finch, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Hampden, Mr. and all the

Members that serve for the County of And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting diver* Lands and Tenements, in the County of Suffe.v, Part of the Estate of Charles Ever.sfeild Esquire,

in Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son; and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles;

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to die Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Ralph Shipperdson Esquire, to make Sale of his Estate in Studley Roger, in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Shipperd-Jon’s Marriage Settlement; and to settle his Estate at East Murton, in the County of Durham, to the same U fes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Tanners of Hides and Skins in Malt on, and Towns adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leather is one of the principal Manufactures of this Kingdom; and if the chief Ingredient for tanning the same, which is Oak-bark, be lutfered to be exports into Ireland, where his Majesty receives no Duty for Leather, the English Trade must come to Ruin, and that Branch of Trade be utterly loft: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Cooke, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, purliiant to their Address to his Majesty, several Papers relating to the

Pirates in the West Indies', with a List of the said

Papers:

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Air. Francis Melmouth, Mr. Thomas Mitchell, Mr. Richard Bafnett, and Captain Greenhill,

Vo l. 18.

Air. Farrer, Mr. Earl, Lord Molefwor Mr. Cadogan, Sir Rich. Farington, Mr. Carterett, Sir Tho. Johnson,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Haldane, Sir Isaac Rebate, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Chiswell, Mr. Hitch, Colonel Morton, Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Hampden;And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to appoint Commissioners to take, Commission-examine. Hate, and determine, the Debts due to the ers for Army Army, was read the Third time. Debts,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army; and to examine and state the Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing Minehead the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Gage and Samuel Ele&ioa. ‘ Edwin Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of

Somerset;

The Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Sitting Members, were called in:

And the Petition was read.

The Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House,

That the Petitioner Air. Edwin waved the Matter of his Petition; and that the Petitioner Mr. Gage did not contest Mr. Milner's Election; but should proceed to disqualify several of the Voters for the Sitting Member Sir John Trevelyan, and to add several to the Poll for Mr.

Gage; and thereby should make a Majority for Mr.

Gage; and examined several Witnesses on the Petitioner’s Part, touching the Right of the Election; and also the Sitting Member’s Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses examined, on their Part, touching the fame.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

A Motion heing made. That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mine-head, in the County of Somerset, is in the Parishioners of Minehead and Dunster, being Housekeepers in the Borough of Minehead, and not receiving Alms;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Housekeepers

And the Question being put. That the Word " House*

" keepers" Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUer, for the Yeas, { } a*.

Tellers for the Noes, £ sZdmei: j 99.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Right of Election of Burge Tes to serve in Parliament for the Do-rough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, is in the Parishioners of Minehead and Dunster, being Housekeepers

in the Borough of Minehead, and not receiving Alms;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr,

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution:

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded, and examined

r x Witnesses

Minehead

Election.

752

24* — 25° Februarii.

A. 1717.

Witnesses, in order to qualify several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners, but were refused; and also to disqualify several Persons w ho voted for the Sitting'Members; feme as not being Houfokeepers, and others upon account of Bribery.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till nesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasj »£ }

Te«ersfbr, heN^]^&"*"^ } So.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded, and examined a Witness, one John Viccary, upon the Head of Bribery; who gave Evidence, That Thomas had confessed

to him, that he had received Half a Guinea for his Vote: Upon which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel insisted. That the said Thomas Wickland should be called in to Confront the said Viccary.

And he was called in; and the said Viccary gave his Evidence before the said Wickland:

Upon which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled, That the said JVickland should be examined in relation to the Discourse that the said Viccary alleged to have passed between them:

Which the Petitioner s Counsel opposed.

The Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon.

And theu they withdrew

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Wickland be examined in the Presence of John Viccary, in relation to the Discourse that the said

Viccary alleged passed between them Two; relating to the Money said to be confessed to be given to the said Wickland by the Sitting Member for his Vote;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersforrheY} 97-

Telters for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution:

And the said Viccary and Wickland were called in:

And Wickland was examined accordingly:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded; and other Witnesses were examined upon the Head of Bribery.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till Wedtiefday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,fMr‘ ilimhuU-

Mr. Cadogan

} 63.

j 86.

Tellers for the;

Tellers for the Noes,$J;:

} 56-

}*7-

rp n c Xt (Mr. Shuttlacorth,

Tellers for the Noes,;

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded in their Evidence, and went through the Head of Bribery.

Then the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled. That several of the Voters for the Sitting Member were treated before the Election.

Upon which the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded, and examined several Witnesses touching Treating: '

And tire Petitioner’s Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,g?rr®"'pilmer: } 7,‘

TeUe, for, heNcesj^S"^ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member opened their Evidence; and produced Joseph Alloway to be examined as a Witness.

The Petitioner’s Counsel objected against his being examined as a Witness, as having distributed Bribes at the Election:

Whereupon the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then they withdrew'.

A Motion being made, That Joseph Alloway, having been proved to have been a Distributor of Bribes, be examined as a Witness in this Cause;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question. by leaving out the Word " proved,’’ and, instead thereof, to insert the Word " charged

And the Question being put, That the Word " proved" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the }

Teller, for She Noes^;^.,) 9*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Joseph Allow, having' been charged to have been a Distributor of Bribes, be examined as a Witness in this Cause.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Joseph Alloway was examined, and other Witnesses were examined, on the Sitting Member’s behalf, in order to invalidate the Petitioner’s Evidence; and to prove, that several of the Petitioner’s Voters were treated before the Election.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member fumiped up their Evidence:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel replied.

And then the Counsel on both aides withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir John Trevelyan Baronet is duly elcCled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That James Milner Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 50 die Februarii \

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

PttATERS.

AP ETITIO N of the Mailer, Wardens, and Com- Drawback munity, of the Shoemakers, within the Borough of on Leather. Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to

the

Trade with Sweden.

Debtors Petitions*

T*rl of KiU dan's Estate.

I^ord Carterett» Estate;

4 Geo. 1

2 5° Pebruatli.

753

the House, artd read; setting forth, That the Duly upon-Leather is of pernicious Consequence to poor Workmen, who are in a deplorable Condition for want of Employment; and chiefly for want of Leather, it being bought up by the Merchants to fend away; and, by reason of the Drawback which is allowed to them, have great Encouragement to fend away great Quantities of Leather; and foreign Countries are supplied with our befi Leather at cheaper Rates than we are: And praying, That the Drawback upon Leather exported may be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Ironmongers, Dealers, Artificers, and Manufacturers, of Iron, inhabiting in and about Stmccrbridge, in the County of , whose Names

are subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and many other Dealers and Manufacturers of Iron in and about Stewerbridge aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for more than Twelve Months lad past, there hath been so great a Scarcity of Iron, that the Petitioners, and many Thousand poor Artificers in Iron, have been in great Want of Work and Employment; to the great Impoverishment of themselves, and Families; chiefly occasioned by the Want of foreign Iron: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Majesty s Prison for the Manor of Stepney and Hackney commonly ealled White Chapel Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, through Sickness, Dulnefe of Trade, and other Misfortunes, are become obnoxious to their several Creditors, by reason they could not make them present Satisfaction; being willing to surrender their All into their Creditors Hands: And praying. That an Act may pals for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor Insolvents in the Fleet Prison, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others under the like deplorable Circumstances throughout this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, by reason of the late long Wars, Badneis of Trade, Sickness, Losses, and other Vicissitudes, contracted several Debts, for which they lie m close Confinement: That they are willing to discover and surrender all their Eftefts to their Creditors, for their Releasement: And praying, That a Bill may pals for their Relief. v

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lorother reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, deceased, towards Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amend' ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the respective* Sales of a Fee-farm Rent, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in- the County of Bedford lately made by the Right honourable John Lord Carterett, and William Hiller jam Esquire, to each other; and to discharge the same from divers Estates, Terms, and Trusts, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Carterett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed so the fame, without any Amendment.

Vox.. 18.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for punishing Mutiny and Desertion} and for the better po®ceg Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for finishing the Tower of Su Michael’s, the Parish Church of Saint Michael, CornliiU, London, out of the Duties anting pursuant to the Act, of the Ninth Year of the late Queen, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom Rudolph’*, the Bill to naturalize Martin Ludolph and John Ludofph e' Nat‘ Spellerberg, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by foe House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant so Plantation their Address to his Majesty, from Mr. Secretary Addi- Trade-son's Office, Memorials, Petitions, and'Representations, with respect to the Pirates in the West; and the Orders given thereupon:

And the general Title to the said Papers was read.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, Petitions, and Representatious, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Memorials, Petitions, and Repreferrtations, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. *.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole offley’a Debt House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the to the Crown. Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time beings to compound with Mr. John Offiey for the Debt he fiands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause E; and the same were, upon foe Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause E being read a Second time, to enable his Majesty to make a Grant of Three hundred Pounds Annum to the Lady Lovat out of foe Profits of forfeited Estates in Scotland;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,

by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, ‘ Provided

" always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be

" construed to extend to firengthen or confirm the afore-

p p " said

-%r*

Eft41

754 as" — -2<5° Februarii. A. 1717.

Forfeited

Estate*.

laid Grant of die Life-rent of Alexander to

" and in favour of Simon Lord

And the Question being 'put, That those Words be added to the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clauses F and G, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause H being read a Second time, for in-jpowering any Two of the Commissioners and Trustees retiding in Ireland to execute, within that Kingdom, all the Powers which the Commissioners and Trustees, or any Four or more of them, relidingin England and Scotland respectively, are impowered, by this or the former Act, to execute;

The laid Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

*nie rest of the said Clauses, Clause I and K, being severally. read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to Clause, I, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, Where any Grant shall be made by his Majesty, for the Benefit of any Child of any Forfeiting Person, every such Child shall be educated in the Protenant Religion; and shall continue to be of the Protestant Religion; and that, in.every such Grant, an exprefe Condition shall be inserted for that Purpose:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by inserting, after the Word " Religion," these Words, " as the same is professed in the Churches of " England or Scotland, as by Law established, respectively

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} *9-

TeUer, for the Noe, g*,. } . 83-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill. t '

The House being moved. That feme Clauses in the former Act might be read;

They were read accordingly: After which,

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Forfeitures of real and personal Estates shall have the same Commencement; viz. from the time of Conviction only:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yea, Tellers for the Noes.

94. 162.

[Colonel,

Mr. Gibbon:

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making Provision for the Widows of forfeiting Persons:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative,.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go’forth.

Taller, for tb.Yoa. . },6,

Teller, forUteN^.^- }

So it was refelved in the Affirmative.

Ordered That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the this Day Sevennight. Hous*.

Resolved., That this House will, upon Friday Morn- pover pier, ing next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the A<9s, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third

Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour; and nothing to intervene,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Plantation ing next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole Track. House, to take into Consideration the State of the Trade to the Plantations; and to consider of proper Methods for suppressing Piracies in the West

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the same upon Saturday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Matter Coopers and Work- importing men of the Town of Plymouth was presented to Cask*, the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Quantities of empty Calks, and Calks filled with Water, imported from Holland, and other Places, is of great Prejudice to their Trade; and tends to the Impoverishment of them, and their Families: And praying, That the Importation of empty Calks, and Calks filled with Water, may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bathurst'* for establishing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Bertjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his Three Sons under his Will; and exchanging Ground-rents in Wapping, in Middlesex, for another Rent of like

Value; ana other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Herne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, That Mr. at- Ships taken

tended; by Swedes.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, several Memorials, by him presented to the Regency of Sweden, in relation to the Captures of British Ships by the Swedish Privateers; with the Answers of the Regency of Sweden thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Memorials, and Answers, werfe read.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, and Answers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Memorials, and Answers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Har-for veiling the great Tythes, and Glebe-lands, belonging borough'» to the Rectory of Saxby, in the County of Leicester, in El"te‘

the

4 Geo. I. a 6° — 37 755

the Right honourable Barnet Lord and his

Heirs, in lieu of other Lands; and an Annuity, to be settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors, for ever; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Bttte’* Sir Thomas Crosse repotted from the Committee, to ttuu. whom the ihgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the honourable James Bertie Esquire to raise Portions for his younger Children, was committed, That they had examined die AHegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to'report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Cfltev’* Debt Mr. Fairer, according to Order, reported from the toiheCrown. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to tompound with Mr. John Ojjiey for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Table; Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

convey their Wool. from Conaught and to the

Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Waterford; to the great Dif-couragement of the Buyers of the said Commodity: That the Trade of this City having suffered great Diminution and Decay for many Years past, many Proteliaht Inhabitants have withdrawn, and daily do withdraw, themselves, and Families; to the great Insecurity of the moll important Garilon of that Kingdom; which would, in a great measure, be remedied, if the Port of that City were opened for Exportation of Wool to Great Britain: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioners Relief.

The House, according to Ordef, resolved itself intjO the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Mining next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Fraud* it> ing next, relblve itself* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Rtmning'iof Goods.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or some of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or feme of them, do attend the said Committee.

Belaniin*

Uoods >tt»er

Dmwback

tHowed.

Strips taken tv Swedes.

Opting Lxeter I’ort

fur Wod.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Merchants, Importers, and Traders in Coffee, and other Goods, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Placej and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Muscovia Company, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, trading to the Baltic!I*, and Russia, have had many of their Ships and

Effects taken by the Swedes, and conlifcated, although they were provided with usual Pafles: That, notwithstanding his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct his Ministers in Sweeden to make earnest and repeated Demands for the Reparation of past, and the preventing fii-tnre, Captures, yet have they not had the lead Succeli: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland',

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens, and other Protestant Inhabitants, of the City of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said City is commodiously leated for Trastick with the City of Exeter, and other Ports in the West Part of Great Britain: That, by reason its Port is Unit up by Act of Parliament from receiving Wool to be exported, the Merchants of Great Britain, and their Factors, are obliged, by Land-carriage, to Vol. IS.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 2 70 dieFcbruarii \

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prate rs.‘

AP E TITIO N of the Tanners in the County of Exporting Suffolk, on behalf of themselves, and others, wds Bark, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Exportation Of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather, is so detrimental to the Petitioners, and all others of the same Trade, that, unless some speedy Course be taken to prevent the growing Evil, it will certainly destroy the English Trade in Leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mailer, I Wardens, Coopers, and Importing Workmen, of the City of Exon, and Placed adjacent, was Gaik*, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the great Quantities of empty Calks brought in for Sale, and Calks filled with Water, Sand, and Ballall, or concealing unentered Goods imported from Holland, and other Places, is of great Prejudice to the Trade, and

Hindrance to the Sale, of English Timber: And praying, That the Importation of empty Calks may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Hill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, Is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Martin and todolph'*,

John Ludolph Spellerberg, was read the Third time. *' at*

' Rcfotoed,

Duke of

NewcaiHe’s

Estate.

Xtowmirfs

£state«

Plaatatioa

7° Februarit. A. 1717.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act to naturalize Martin Ulrick

and John Ludolph Spellerberg.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of EJher Wateroilc, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the most noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-

charges to be idiiing out of the fame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, in Trust, for the Poor of the said Town; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to charge the Manor of EJher, purchased, by the Duke of Newcastle, of John Latton Esquire, or any Part thereof, except the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased, by the said Duke, of Sir John Robert

Moor, John Cheesman, John Rolles, and Nicholas Sherman, with the Rent-charges therein mentioned:

And the said Clause was thrice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clarife was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs and Assigns, to pay the Bailiffs and Freemen of Kingston upon Thames, and their Successors, the several Rent-charges of Eighty Pounds and Ninety-five Pounds, per Annum:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill. '

Then the several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 12, Line 17. After " ,"to insert " or

wherein he hath any Estate or interest

Line 32. After " Successors," to insert " at " the Town-hall in Kingston aforesaid

line 3S. After the Word is," to insert " herein before, and Press 13. Line 39. After the Word "ever," to insert " as aforesaid:"

Press 18. Line 2. After the Word " Reprizes," to insert " and free from Incumbrances:"

line 8. After " Reprizes," the same Amendment:

And the said Amendments \jere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Refolded, That die BUI, with the Amendments, do

pais.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effefifual certain Articles of Agreement between Sir George Downing Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forefier Knight, and her Trustees, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chetwynde, from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, several Papers relating to the Pirates in the West Indies; with a List of them.

And then he withdraw.

And the General Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, 4o be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Coitiniilfioners of the Offley’* Debt Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to 1,16 Crown, to compound with Mr John Offley for the Debt he stands

engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Duke of by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Kent’sEftat*. Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey Esquire, commonly called Earl of Harrold, to make Jointures for the Wive or Wives of the said Earl of Harrold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with One Amendment: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And,

Have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Re- Dealers in lief of the Wholefele Traders#and Dealers in English Bone- Bone*,ac#-lace, by obviating several Doubts in the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, with an Amendment: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lady Napier’* conflrmingan Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Na- Estate* pier, Sir Theophilus Napier Baronet, Archibald Napier, and Edward Napier, the Relict and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estate, for vesting his Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, in Trustees, for die better Performance of the said Agreement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Trade with into further Consideration the Matter of the Petition of Sweden, several Merchants, and Owners of Shipping, in behalf of themselves, and others; and the other Petitions which have been presented to the House, in relation to the Trade to and from Sweden:

And the Extrafb of the Letters between the Secretaries of State and his Majesty’s Residents in;

and also the Memorials which Mr. Jackson presented to the Regency of Sweden; and the Answers thereunta; which have been laid before the House; were read:

After which, Mr. Jackson was called in; and heard.

And then he withdrew.

And the Petitioners, and some other Merchants, were called in; and further heard.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to take into his Royal Consideration the State of the Trade with Sweden; and that such Measures may be taken, that his Majesty’s Subjects, and those of his Allies, may carry on the said Trade in the same manner;

And a Debate arifingin the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for }"*

Tellers for the Noes}1 "

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered,

4 Geo. I.

a 7° — a 8°

757:

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 2 80 diFebruarii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

'nice of ouuEltatt.

kS'in m n^-lucr.

House took into Consideration the Amend-JL ment, made by the Lords, to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey Esquire, commonly called Earl of Harrold, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl Of Harrold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; To Clause A, 43 Line, instead of "Joint," to infbrt " Jointure

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

T)U1 to the I^ords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment

The IJoufe proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Wholesale Traders and Dealers in English Bone-lace, by obviating several Doubts in the

Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the late King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars:

And the same was read; and is as follows;

In the First Line of the Title of the Bill, after the Word " -Whole," to infer t " iale

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

lofcv, t:t Mr* London rejiorted from the Committee, to whom

Nat. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Rose, and others, was committed, That they had madefome Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the said Amendments were read; and are as follow;

Press 1. Line 11. After " France, add " John Jochhn " Boetefeur, Sono iJochimby Sarah his Wife,

born at Hamburgh, in Germany; , Son of

" David Gervais, and his Wife, born at

" pci tier in France John Cartier, Son of Peter Cartier,

" by /'Vtftfcahis Wife, born at Neuueville, in;

Arnold Lang, Son of Henry Lang, by Adclheit his " Wife, born in Bremen, in Germany; John Abraham " Korten, Son of Jasper by A/zz/yhis Wife, born

" at Elber/eldt, in Germany; Nicholas Son of

" John Toepken, by Ann his Wife, born at Bremen, in " Germany:'

Line 2.5.. After " Capon," add " John Jo-u chim Boetefeur, Ifuac Gervais, John , Arnold

" Lang, John Abraham Korten, Nicholas Toepken

Prels 2. Line 2. After " Capon," the same Amendment:

Line 30. After " Capon," the same Amendment

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth

Vo E. 1S.

Napier, Sir Theophilus Napicr Baranet, Archibald Napier, and Edward Napier, the Relict and Sons of Sir,

John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estate, for vesting his Lands and Hereditaments, in the.

Counties of Bedford and Hertford, in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Duke of this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Newcause’* Manor of Ejher Watervile, and other Lands therein men- ^ate* tioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and his Ileus, in Consideration of Rent-charges , to be issuing out of the lame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston-upoti Thames, in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the Poof of the said Town; with some Amendments to One of the said Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence o /this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the forfeited Estates in' Forfeited Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Manor of Coxho, in the County Palatine of Durham; and also the Manor and Lands of Elden; and also a Messuage and Farm called Cornforth Farm, held by Lease of the Bishop of Durham; all which Manors and Lands were late the Estate of Nicholas Kennett, of Coxho, Esquire; should be vested in Trustees, to be Ibid. to pay off the just Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and the Charges of the Trustees, and Overplus-money arising by such Sale, shall be paid Mary Mackenzie, Wife of the late Earl of Sea-fort h, and foie Daughter and Heir of the said Nicholas Kennett, for her Support and Maintenance:

Whereupon Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House,

That he nad received his Majesty’s Commands, as in former Cafes, That his Majesty has no Objection to what this House shall think fit to do in this same:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause he brought up;

The House divided. '

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Vca3,| } 86.

Tellers for the Noes, }ur.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally propped to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels'9. Line After " Gazette," insert " respectively.

Prels 16. Line 36. To leave out " or demand any " greater Dibt, or Sum of Mouey, affecting the forfeited Estates, than is really due, or any other larger " or better Estate than really, or b side, lie hath or is " intitled unto:"

Press 17. Line 4. After " Persons," to insert " being " thereof convicted by due Course of Law:"

Press 17. Line 5. Lo leave out " double.

Press 44. Line After " Borough," to insert " or " Parish:"

And the said Amendments wfcre, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill'was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the

Publick; and forgiving Relief to lawful Creditors, l>y determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bring-

9 G ing

758 a8° February-

bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dover 1'i r. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for iularging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships, and other Traders and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Poole, was presented to the" House, and read; setting forth, That the Channels, Creeks, Quays, and Wharfs, of, and belonging to, their Harbour of Poolebeing very much choaked up, and obstructed, by means of the very great Bar of moveable Sand lying at the Entring into their said Channel and Harbour; which will require very great Sums of Money to cleanse and make commodious for the Shipping using their Port; having been at great Expences for several Years past on that Account: And praying, That they may be exempted from the Duties chargeable on Shipping towards the Repair of Dover Pier.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, is committed.

A Petition of the Pier-wardens, Masters of Ships and Vessels, and other Inhabitants, belonging to Margate, in the Ifie of Tkanet, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, there being a Bill depending for continuing a further Term for repairing of Dover Harbour; That the Petitioners, by way of Contribution, have expended very great Sums of Money for repairing the Pier and Harbour of,

over and above the Income thereof; and roust, every Year, on account of the Sea’s lying harder on it than usual, lay out more than the Revenue thereof will amount unto; without which the said Pier or Harbour of Margate must fall to decay; to the great. Prejudice of the Estates and Inhabitants of that Island: And praying, That the Ships and Vessels belonging to Margate may be exempted from Payment of any Duties towards the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the A£h, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Hat hour, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fraud* ia Rcjotocd, That this House will, upon Monday Mom.

Custoro, die* jj,g resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or some of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excite, or some of them, do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock,

1" Martii. A. 1717.

Sabbat i, 1* die Martii \

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers. t

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fait Gn» for amending the Roads from the City of London to the *4 Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Suffer; and to

the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surrey; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Earl of Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, Kil<w« deceased, towards Payment of his. Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Cadogan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, w ithout any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An for nmie* the better enabling the honourable James Bertie Esquire, £" -tojraife Portions for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Or off do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- Export ag cil, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Appleby, in Bark, the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they find there are several Petitions by Tanners, $c. against the Exportation of Bark for Ireland; and, should that lie made a Law, the Tanners in England will have Bark at their own Price, and fell their Leather at what Rate they think fit; and w ill be a great Dllcouragement to the Planting of Oak: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark from into Ireland may not be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town- Ditto, ships of Windermere and Undermilbeck in the County of Westmorland, whole Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others. Owners and Workers in Wood and Bark, was presented to the Hpufe, and read; setting, forth, That hearing the Tanners of Kendall have, by much soliciting, got many to join with them in signing Petitions to this honourable House, to prohibit the Exportation of Oak-bark to Ireland; though the North End of Lancashire, and the Parts of Westmorland bordering

thereupon, produce greater Quantities of Oak-bark than the Tanners of Kendall, and all the Tanners in the Country, have Occasion for: That the chief Profits of several Hundreds of Landholders Estates coulifts in felling yearly some Bark: That, if deprived of felling their Bark, they will lose half the Profits of their Estates: And praying.

That Bark may not be prohibited being exported to ' Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Cordwainers or Shoemakers in the Drawtok Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, on behalf of 00 themselves, and many Thouseods exercising the said Trade in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Drawback of One Peny in the Pound, assessed on Leatiicr, may be taken off; and that there be no Bark permitted to be transported to Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to lake into Consideration the Duke <rf Amendments, made by the Lords, to One of the Amend- NewcaftK

18 ments, EftaU-

Rofci, &c.

Nat.

Cornwall’*

Kiutc.

Thurston's

Estate.

4 Geo. I.

i® M$ttit.

759

tnents, made by this House, to the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Esher Waterville, and other Lands therein mentioned, in

the Most Noble Thomas Holies Duke of , and his

Heirs, in Consideration of Rent-charges to be iflbing ont of the fame; and other Lands, in lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon , in the County

c{ Surrey, in Trust, for the Poor of the said Town:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

To Clause A, added by the House of Commons, line 6. After " the,’* inlert " Copyhold Line 7. After " Hereditaments," to insert " holden " of the said Manor, and."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, 'i bat foe Lord William Poulet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hafji agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Roje, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Joseph Erie reported from the Committee, to w hom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Francis Cornwall Esquire, and likewiseihe said FrancisCot'nwall, of and from certain Articles of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Francis Cornwall, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Erie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. London reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Jq/eph Thurston Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provifkm for his Infant Children, was committed, That they, had examined the Allegations of the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the Hoafe; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 15. Line 27. After "them," insert, " or the " Rent-charge or Annuity given unto Mary,

" Grandmother of the said Infants, by the last Will of " Doctor Thomas Thurston, Brother of the said Joseph " Thurston

Line 29. After " them," add " and the said " Rent-charge or Annuity."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Vo 1. 18.

Rejobed, That the Billy with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with feme Amendments i To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of William Glanville, formerly called Wil- Evelyn®* Sam Evelyn, was presented to the House, and read; set- ls*aar* ting forth. That William Glanville, late of the Middle

Temple, London, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will* id Writing, bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of December 1717, deviled Ins real Estate, and the Surplus oi his personal Estate, to Trustees therein named, to the Use of his only Daughter Frances Glandille, and her Issue.; and thereby provided, and declared his Intent to be, That in case the Person, to whom his said Daagbter fhquid be married, should, after such Marriage, take upon him the Name of Glanville, and bear the Arms of the Family of Glanville, and use his utmost Endeavours to establish the Name and Arms of Glanville in himself, and Posterity by his laid Daughter, instead of his own Name and Arms:

That the Petitioner hath intermarried with the said Frances Glanville, pursuant to the Approbation of the said William Glanville in his Life-time: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to euablish the Name of GlatHmle‘ in the Petitioner, and his Posterity by the said Frances his now Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the&i^. Petition: ^And that foe Lord William Powlett, and Mr. Clay, do prepare, and

bring ir^ the same.

Mr. Yonge, according to Order, rrcported from foe Opening Committee of the whole House, to whom foe Bill for Exeter Port opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool for Weo1' from Ireland, was Committed* the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon foe Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by foe House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Port of Limerick, in Ireland, shall be an open and free Port for foe Exportation of Wool:

And foe same was twice read* with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then foe Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the.

Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the That Denizens might import Wool upon the same Terms as Freemen of the Ports do import:

And foe Question being. put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the . I 77‘ ’

Tellers forth. Noes, { J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then foe House adjourned till Morning; Nine, of the Clock.

Jktonday

Exporting

Bark.

Earl of Burlington's Eft ate.

Dover Pier.

Opening Exeter Port , for Wool.

Frauds in Customs.

760

3 — 4*

Martii.

A. 1717.

Lunte, 30 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Tanners and Curriers of Hides and Skins in the City of Peterborough, on behalf of themselves, and others, 8^c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Difed-vantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in Leather; which, if not timely prevented, must, in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark to Ireland may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom'

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burlington make Leases of a Piece of Ground behind Burlington-hou/e, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueund that the Parties concerned had given their Confeuts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hiui to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the

Lords, ana acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Act, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Sir John Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Norris reported from the Committee, That they had heard Couniel upon the Petitions of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, within the City of on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Navigation; and upon the Petition ofdiVers Cheesemongers, on behalf of themselves, and others, trading to and other Places; and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and had examined several Witnesses against, and for, the Bill; and that, afterwards, the Committee proceeded upon the Bill, and made feme Amendments to the same; which. they had directed, him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool from be

read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods;

Refo.ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or feme of them, do attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or (bine of them, do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nino of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

P R A y e r s.

AP ETITIO N of the Tanners of Hides and Skins in Exporting the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That vast Quantities of Oak-bark hath been exported out of this Kingdom into Ireland, where no Duty is paid for Leather; to the great Disadvantage of the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in English Leather; which, ' if not timely prevented, must, in a little time, destroy the Leather-trade of this Kingdom: And praying, That the Exportation of Bark to Ireland may be prevented; and their Grievance relating to Pates and Tails may be removed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled/ Asl Act Lady for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Napier. Napier, Sir Theophi/usNapier Baronet, Archibald Napier,

and Eduard Napier, the Ileiiet and Sons of Sir John

Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estate, for veiling his Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement, was read a Second time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord JVm. Powlet, Mr. Herne, Mr. Mr.

Monson,.Mr. Papilton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cartwright,

‘ Mr. Hacks, Mr -Offey, M v.Gybbon, Mr. Wi Mr. Bigg,

Mr.Roberts, Mr. Hcysham, Mr. H, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Steel, Mr. ttriftow, M r. Trcby, Mr.

JVcJlern, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Hitch, Sir John Rogers,

Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Diston, Mr. London, Mr. Reyncll, Sir John Trevelyan, Colonel Fane, Mr. , Sir Geo.

Warburton,<Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Gough, Mr.

Colonel Cadogan, Mr. Benson, Mr. Dr ewe. General Lumley, Mr. Bramston, Colonel Stephens, General Wroth,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Coventry, Sir Phil. Parker, Mr.

Pawlett, Mr. Milner, Mr. Haldane, Sir John Mr. Evelyn; and all the Members thatferve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, and Bucks: And they are to' meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s1'

Chamber.

Sir John Norris, according to Order, reported from D^er Pkr. the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Yeari of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read*the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,- one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ugreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for opening the Port of Exeter, for the Opening Importation of Wool from Ireland, was read the Third1 Exeter fort time. ' for Wool.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 1. Line Toinfertthe Word " Bristol:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

"Sir I fane Rebow,

Mr. Heine:

Tellers

Tellers for the Yeas

of!

} 64.

Frauds in Customs, dec.

Examination of Members by Lords*

Raw Silk

ManufftAuret. Cloth Button*.

Duke of

Devonshire's

Estates;

Kent-street

Roads.

Thurston's

Estate.

Examination of Members by Lords.

4 Geo. I.

4° — 50

*j6t

Tellers for die Noes,

f Mr. Walcott, 1

8,|Mr. Smith\ °7'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufeftures in Great Britain, by opening the Port of Exeter, and other Ports therein mentioned, for the Importation of Wool from Ireland; and by opening the Port of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Exportation of Wool from thence into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according tto Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repor when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordships, having under their Consideration the Bill for vetting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Publick, do desire, That this House will give Leave, that such of the Commissioners of Inquiry, who are Members of this House,. as also Sir Daisid Dalrymple, his Majesty's Advocate General of Scotland, may attend their House on Thursday Morning next. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, without any Amendment. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the BUI, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish Esquire, commonly caUed Marquis of Hartington, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke,

on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Katharine Hoskins, Spinster, only ChUd of John Hoskins Esquire, deceased: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End of Kentstreet, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, in the County oiSurrey, to the Lime-kilns in East ,near Black-

heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road,

in the County of Kent, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Joseph Thurston Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Infant Children.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Message, from the Lords, relating to the Commissioners of Inquiry, and Sir David Dalrymple.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Message into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vox.. 18.

Mercuriiy 5° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debtors Debt id the County Gaol at Salop, in behalf of p<htioa. themselves, and many Thousands more in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by great Losses in Trade, and other Miffortunes, together with their long Imprisonment, are rendered uncapableof making Satisfaction to their Creditors; but are ready and willing to make their Creditors the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of, to have their Liberty: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term of Years ^.ver granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years wr‘ of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Second and Third Years of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dower Harbour.

Ordered, That Sir John Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the Frauds in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Customs,&c. more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, for prohibiting the Importation of empty Calks;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for settling what the Securities required by the several Acts,

9° and 10® Anna Regina, for laying Duties upon Hides and Skins, for any Drawbacks on Hides and Skins, shall be; and directing, that proper Certificates of the landing the Goods in foreign Parts shall -be produced; and that then the Securities shall be delivered up, and cancelled, without Fee or Reward:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon vthe Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That all Clocks and Watches beautified, ornamented, or inclosed, with Gold or Silver, may be entered and exported, upon paying the Customs, according to the Duties charged thereon, without the Maker or Exporter thereof being obliged to take any Oath as to Fineneis of the Gold of Silver used thereabouts:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made I*art of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Dill,

That if any of the Number of Seamen required, by the Act of Navigation shall be impressed, inveigled away, or shall desert, the same may be supplied by foreign Seamen: '

9 H And

j6z 50 — 6* — 7 — 10° Martii. A. 1717-

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordercdy That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Examination The House proceeded, according to Order, to take of Members into Consideration the Message from the Lords Yester-by Lord*. day, relating to the Commissioners of Inquiry of the forfeited Estates, and to Sir David Members

of this House.

And the said Message was read.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, with relation to the said Message:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Serjeant Pengelly, Lord William P&zvlett, Sir David Dalrymple, Lord Middleton, Lord Mr.

Mr. Herne, Mr. Treby, Mr. Sir Richard

ington, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Morice, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Carteret, Sir Mr. Gyhbon,

Mr. Jejfop: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber; and make their Report with all convenient Speed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

Frauds in AN ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing ustoms,&c. f\_ the clandestine Running of Goods, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. Line 7. To leave out " said:’’

Press 6. Line 29. After " Seas," to insert " who Press 14. Line last but one. To leave out " aforesaid," and insert forfeited:"

Press 24. Line21. After "Tenth," to insert " Years And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Press last, Line 38. To leavp out the Word " Three," and, instead thereof, to insert " Two And the Question being put, That the Word " Three " do Hand Part of the Bill 5 The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {coloSfSfei: }lla' Tellers for the Noes, ^dge, j 65.

So it was resolved ra the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided The Noes go forth.

.Tellers for Yeas,[

Tellers for the Noes,£ JJr‘ Abridge: } 69'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act against the clandestine Running of uncustomed and prohibited Goods; and for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs and Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy reported from the Com- Examination mitte appointed to search Precedents, with relation to the Members Message from the Lords, the Fourth Instant, touching the by or Commissioners of Inquiry, and Sir David Dalrymple,

Members of this House, That they had searched the Journals of the House, and had directed him to report what they have found therein; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the

Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Ma

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Tanners in the County Borough Exportinf of Brecon, on behalf of themselves, and others, was Bark,

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of English Bark is prejudicial to the Trade in Leather: That, unless a l'peedy Course be taken to prevent it, our Hides and Skins will not be worth the Tanning in England: That, by the Statute of King James the First, it was Enacted, That no Person should engross any Bark to fell again; which said Statute is now of Uttle Use: And praying. That the Exportation of Bark may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 10° die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ffRDERED, That Sir Tho. Crofj Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lady Cha. Bertie, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Sawbridge, Mr.

Heath, Mr. Grantham, Mr. Earl, Mr. Winstanley, Mr.

Trefujis, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir Theo-philtis Napier Baronet, Archibald Napier, and Edward Napier, the Relict and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estate, for veiling his Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement, is committed.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners for examining Army Debt*, and determining the Debts due to the Army, do lay before this House an Account of the Returns made to their Orders, published in the London Gazettes, in September and October last; specifying the Times when the said Returns were made, and the Names of such Agents as have

vet made no Return.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Privilege. Wallis hath assaulted, and other wise affronted, the honourable James Bertie Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, That the said John Wallis, by assaulting and affronting the said Mr. Bertie, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Wallis be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr.

Qrlebar:

' M.

4 Geo. I. 10° — 14* Mar tit. 763

Mr. Speaker,

Maidenhead The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Suming-lane End, next to Twiford, in the Road to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment" Alfb, Reading, See. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing the Highways from Crown , in the

Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfeild and Heckjeild, in the several Counties

of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, without any Amendment. Alfb,

Offless Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the Crown, to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco, without any Amendment. And also,

St. Gyles The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tb* to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Ex-

urc ' ecution the Acts, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her

late Majesty’s Reign, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Gyles's in the Fields, in the County of to be

rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker The House being moved, That some Clauses in the Act to give Notice Df the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for tion ofemP' redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company Annuities, of the Bank of England, See. relating to the Redeeming of the Annuity payable to the Bank for circulating and exchanging Exchequer Bills, might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Resolved, That Notice be given to the Governor and . Company of the Bank of England, That this House will, at Lady-day 1719, redeem the Annuity of Seventy-six i thousand Eight hundred Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings,

payable to them for circulating and exchanging Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, ori or before Lady-day 1718, signify the said Resolution, in Writing, to the said Governor and Company.

L»dy Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed

Napier's Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir Theo-pkilns Napier Baronet, Archibald Napier, and Edward Napier, the Relict and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estate, for veiling his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement, is committed, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Petition of the Tanners of Hides and Skins, in the Exporting* County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and others, Uaik* was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of Oak-bark into Ireland, where no Duty is paid, is so detrimental to the Petitioners, and all others of the same Trade, that, unless some speedy Course be taken to prevent this growing Evil, it will most certainly destroy the English Trade in Leather: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preventing for the further preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and Robberie*,-other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transporta- c‘ tion of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; with some Amendments: To which they define the Concur-' rence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preserving for enforcing, and making perpetual, an Act, of the Stranded Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Ihore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Forfeited for veiling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Estates* Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Publick; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold; without any Amendment.

Mr. Farrer reported, from the Committee, to whom Lady

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for NaPier'* confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth - Estate' pier, Sir Theophilus Napier Baronet, Archibald Napier, and Edward Napier, the Relict and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal Estates, for veiling his Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Beds ord and Hertford, in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement, w’as committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and tharthe Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed, to the fame, without any Amendment.

AdjonnuMDt. Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Friday Morning next.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Friday Morning, Nine‘of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Martii\

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Tewktffc* — y Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new^Writ for the writ-, electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the county of,

in the room of Nicholas Lechmere Esquire, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Attorney General.

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of James junior, Esquire;

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State."

Vol. 18.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Benja- Privilege-. min Wade, of New Grange Esquire, Matthew and Andrew Hoope, have made a forcible Entry upon the Moors or Wastes of Carleton, in the West Riding in the County of York, belonging to Robert Hitch E-fc\uire, a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege or this House; _ -

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee or Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of e said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, & their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

r

V

764 14° — 170 1717.

Preventing The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Robberies, Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, "c‘ An Act for the further preventing Robberies, Burglaries,

and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool.

And the same were once read; and are as follow;

2 Press, 1 Line, After " Authority," insert " if they think fit

2 Press, 16 Line, Leave out from " convicted " to " and, " in the 41 Lane of the same Press; and insert " or do now (land attainted of any Offences whatsoever, " for which Death by Law ought to be inflicted, or " where any Offenders shall hereafter be convicted of any " Crimes whatsoever, for which they are by Law to be " excluded the Benefit of the Clergy and, in the same 41 Line, after the Word " and, " leave out " where

3 Preis, 3 line, Leave out " in case," and insert " and

4 Preis, Line 38. Leave out from " Assigns" to " and, " in the 10 Line of the 5 Prese:

5 Press, Line 21. After " Money," insert " or Reward

Line 23. Leave out " so as," and insert " and causeand, after the Words " such Felon," insert " to:"

Line 24. After " fame," insert " and give " Evidence against him

6 Press, Line 2. After " more," insert " and under " the Age of Twenty-one

Line 37. Leave out " left against him," and insert " delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the " Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey, of the Prison

Line 41. After " Default," leave out " or a:"

Line 42. After " Verdict," insert " or otherwise;" and, in the same Line, leave out " against him " or them

7 Preis, Line 12. Before " And," add Clauses marked A, B, and C:

A: " And be it hereby declared, That air and every " Person and Persons, who have committed, or shall commit, any Offence or Offences, for which they ought to " be adjudged, deemed, and taken, to be Pirates, Felons, " or Robbers, by an Act made, in the Parliament holden " in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his " late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An - " Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, may

" be tried and adjudged for every such Offence, in such " Manner and Form as in and by an Act, made in the " Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the " Eighth, is directed and appointed for the Tryal of " Pirates; and shall and ought to be utterly debarred " and excluded from the Benefit of Clergy for the said " Offences; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof " in any wise notwithstanding

B: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, qualified to " keep a Dog or Gun, having been before convicted of " any of the Offences herein after-mentioned, or any " Person or Persons not being qualified by Law to*keep " a Dog or Gun, shall, from and after the Five-andtwentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighteen, unlawfully course, hunt, take in Toils, " kill, wound, or take away, any Red or Fallow Deer, " in any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, Park, " or other Ground inclosed, where Deer are, have, or " shall be usually kept within the Realm of " or Dominion of Wales, without the Consent of the " Owner or Person chiefly entrusted with the Custody " thereof, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, that then " it shall and may be lawful to prosecute every such " Offender according to the Laws now in being, or to " prefer an Indictment against such Offender in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or at the Assizes, or " General Gaol-delivery, for the County where such ' " Offence shall be committed, or at the Quarter Sessions " of the Peace, to be holden for the said County; and any " such Person or Persons, being so indicted, anti lawfully " convicted of such Offence, shall be transported, by the " Judgment of the said Court before whom such Offender

28

" shall be convicted, for the Term of Seven Years, in the same manner as the Felons afore-mentioned in this " Act are directed to be transported; and be liable to " the same Penalties, Orders, and Directions, as such " Felons are subject to by this Act; any Law or Statute " relating to such Offences notwithstanding

C: " Provided always, That nothing in this Act " contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to " such Persons as shall be convicted or attainted in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland:"

In the Title of the Bill, Line 2. After the Second " and, " insert " for

Line 4. After " Felons," insert " Deer-Stealers At the End of the Title, insert " and for declaring the " Law upon some Points relating to Pirates."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preserving Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Stranded An Act for enforcing, and making perpetual, An Act, lps‘ of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof, 1 which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coalts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions:

And the same were once read; and are as follow;

Line 22d. Before " and, " insert a Proviso, marked A:

" Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted,

" That the said Act, or any thing therein contained, shall " not be construed to extend to, or any ways affect, the " ancient Jurisdiction and Usage of the Admiralty Court " of the Cinque Ports, or the Officers thereto belonging;

" but the proper Officers of the said Admiralty Court " shall be, and are hereby, authorized and impowered to " put the said Act in Execution within the Jurisdiction of " the said Cinque Ports, in as full and ample manner, to " all Intents and Purposes, as any other Person or Persons " are by the said Act appointed to do in any other Ports " of this Kingdom :"

At the End of the Tide of the Bill add " and for " inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall " wilfully 'burn or destroy Ships."

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Amendments be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

-And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<e> 170 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That, pursuant Mr. Speaker to their Order of the Tenth Instant, he did, on give* Notice Saturday last, signify, in Writing, to the Governor and of Redemp-Company of the Bank of England, the Resolution of the Annuities. House of the same Tenth Infiant, That the House intended, at Lady-day 1719, to redeem the Annuity of Seventy-six thousand Eight hundred Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings, payable to the said Governor and Company for circulating and exchanging Exchequer Bills; and that the said Notice was delivered, on Saturday last, to the said Governor and Company, at their publick Office:

And the said Notice is as follows;

Gentlemen,

I N Obedience to the Commands of the House of Commons, I am to acquaint you, That the said House did, on the Tenth of this Instant March, come to the following Resolution; viz.

" Resolved, That Notice be given to the Governor and " Company of the Bank of England, That this House will, at Lady-day 171 0, redeem the Annuity of Seventysix thousand Eight hundred Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings, payable to them for circulating and exchanging " Exchequer Bills:"

And

4 Geo. I. 170 Martii7^5

And this Resolution, thus signified by me, is to be sufficient Notice to you of the said intended Redemption, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for redeeming several Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances, redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at Five Pounds per Centum, as shall be found necessary, to be employed in leficning the National Debts and Incumbrances} and for continuing certain Provisions, formerly made, for the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities, formerly purchased, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum; and for other purposes in this Act mentioned.

' I am, with great Respect,

1 jth March Gentlemen,

1717. Your most humble Servant,

Sp. Compton, Speaker.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Preventing The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Robberies, Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Felonies j and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool:

And the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment, Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read the Second and Third time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment, Clause C, being read the Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment in the Second Line in the Title of the Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Line 4. in the Title of the Bill, being read a Second time:

And the Question being 'put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The last of the said Amendments, being rehda S§cond time, wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realbns, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the said Amendments as this House hath not agreed unto:

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Hern, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Isaac Reborn, Mr. Cowper, Mr.

Gwidot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Cha. Hotham,

Colonel Bladen, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Rudge, Mr.

Yonge, Mr. Lawson, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. London,

Mr; Aislabie, Mr. Allanfon, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr.

Fielding, Sir Arthur Owen: And they are to meet this '

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Preferring Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to Stranded the Bill, intituled, An Act for enforcing, and making Sh,p#* perpetual, an Act, of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preserving of all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Ihore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions.

The Proviso, marked A, being read the Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this-House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Yonge, from the Commissioners appointed to exa- Anny Debts, mine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of what Returns have been made to the Orders of the said Commissioners, published in the Lbndon.Gazettes, oiSep-, t ember and October j with the Names of such Agents as have not yet made any Return thereto:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 18.

9 I

A?

1

D

ca

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

As A CC O U N T of what Returns have been made to the Orders of the Commissioners appointed to examine, state, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, published in- the London 5

Gazettes, of September and October; with the Names of such Agents as have not yet made any Return thereto.

Regiments Names mentioned in the Orders.

Times appointed

Agents Names. for the Officers Accounts

to be brought in.

Major General Evans's Earl of Orrery’s Major General Primrose's -Colonel Windreffe's

Brigadier Stearns Lieutenant General Ross Lieutenant General Webb's -Major General Wynns Lieutenant General Wood's -Brigadier Hans Hamilton's -Lord North and Grey's Earl of Stair's -Colonel Pocock's Major General Sibourg's Brigadier Sutton's Colonel Chudleigh's - . -Earl of Orkney's Lord Forfar's -Brigadier Preston's Brigadier Grant's Colonel Kane's -Lieutenant General Lumley's Major General Kellum'i Lieutenant General Palmes's Marquis of Harwich's Earl of Hertford's

Foot, -

1

Horse, -Foot, -

Mr. John Wilks....

Mr. Robert Mitchener -

Mr. Theophilus Parson - -

Mr. John Wilks -

Mr. Tho. Fairman for Mr. Leatlis -

Colonel Robert Gardner -

Mr. Jona. Watson - -

Mr. Robert Mitchener for Mr. Cockfedge

Major Marmaduke Sowl -

Mr. Theophilus Parson -

Mr. George Read - -

Captain 1110. Agnew -

Mr. Phil. Chameau for Captain David Rose - Mr. Philip Chameau -

Colonel Robert Gardner -

Major Marmaduke Sowl - -

Captain Alexander Gordon - -

Colonel Robert Gardner

Mr. Thomas Paterion for Mr. James Laufone

Mr. Thomas Paterson -

Colonel Gardner -

Mr. James Strudwick -

Mr. Jof. Hancock -

Mr. Francis Wright for the Executors of Mr. Pain -

Mr. Theophilus Parson -

Mr. Levett -

20 November

ao December 20 November

20 December 20 November 20 December

20 November

20 December

Times when the Agents made their Returns.

l8)

aoSNovember 1717.

291

11

f /December.

4}

11

14/January.

161 18J

1 February. An imperfect Return. 21 February.

Marti

J

No Return.

L. Smelt,

Will. Gord,

John Plumptre, Robert Bristow, Will.Yonge.

170 Martii. A. 1717.

Ludolph’s, See. Nat.

Rose*», 4cc. Nat.

Dow Pior.

Message

from the King — Navy Service.

Addrefa on Messago

Ludolph’s, &r, Nat.

4 Geo. I.

i"j° — 18°

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Mefliige from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning: - Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalise Martin Ludolph, and John

Ludolph Spelierberg, with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by the House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'to naturalize Peter Rose, and others. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of Years granted by the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and Second and Third Years of Queen for the Repair of Dover Harbour, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr Comptroller acquainted the House, That he had a Message to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House:

And it was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followed);

viz.

GEORGE R.

Mart is, 18° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1717.

Pra

VEBI.

Prese 2. Line 29. Leave out " and:"

Line 30. After " Spelierberginfert the same

Names: ,

In the 2d Line of the Title of the Bill, leave out " and and, at the End of the fiud Tide, add " John Spieker,

" and Laurence Gundelach? .

The feid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agr< to the said Amendments.

: I.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr Browning:

' Mr. Speaker, ’

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol for the better explaining several Acts therein mentioned, for Erecting of Hospital and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the Employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof j and for making the said Acts more effectual; with feme Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

HIS Majesty, being at present engaged in several Negotiations of the uttermost Concern to the Welfare of these Kingdoms, and the Tranquillity of Europe; and having lately received Information from abroad, which makes him judge, that it will give Weight to his Endeavours, if a Nava! Force be employed where it shall be necessary; does think fit to acquaint this House therewith; not doubting but that, in case he should be obliged, at this critical Juncture, to exceed the Number of Men granted this Year for the Sea Service, the House will, at their next Meeting, provide for such Exceeding.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, ft>r his unwearied Endeavours to promote the Welfare of his Kingdoms, and to preserve the Tranquillity of;

and to assure his Majesty, That this House will make good fyeh Exceeding* of Men for the Sea-service of the Year 1718, as his Majesty, in his Royal Wisdom, shall find necessary to obtain those desirable Ends.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

THE House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by die Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Martin Ludolph, Vlrick Jansen and John Ludolph Spelierberg:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. Line 8. Leave out "bod:"

Line 10. After "Germany? insert "

Spieker, Son of John Spieker, by Catherine his Wife* " born at Abo, in the Dukedom of; and Imu~

H rence Gundelach, Son of Francis Gundelach, by

" dalen his Wife, born at Oranie , in the Dukedom h of Anhault, in Germany

Line 23. Leave out "and Line 24. After " Spelierberg," insert Spieker, and Laurence Gundelach

Line 38. Leave out " and

Line Taft, After " ," insert the fame

Names:

Vol. 18.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration:

And the same were read; and are are as follow; viz. Press 1. Line 24. Leave out from " Offices" to for," in the 33 Line of the same Press:

Prese 4. Line 5. After " Overseers," insert " to do the " fame:"

Line 15. Leave out " and:"

Line 16. After "it," insert "therefore Prese 6. Line 28. After "Poor," insert "except such " charitable Gifts, Devises, or Dispositious, as sure exempted from such Account by the afore-mentioned Act,

" of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty, inti tilled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the " Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act

" for Erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the " City of Bristol for the better employing and raaintaining the Poor thereof

Prese 9. Lines 22 and 23. Leave out " or reputed " Losses have happened, and:"

Line 24. Leave out " again Line 25. Leave out " levied, and Lines 29 and 30. Leave out " so already, and " such other Monies:"

Line 32. Leave out from "that" to the Se -cond "as," in the 7th Line of the loth Prese :*

Prese 10. Line 18 and 19. Leave out " or adjudgedi " as aforesaid, to be loft:"

Lines 21, 22, and 23. Leave outL <e and the " feme shall be judged, as aforesaid, irrecoverable by anyr " other Ways:"

Lines 33 and 34. Leave out te bath bap — pened, of:"

Line 39. Leave out " have already

"and:"

Press 11. Line 37.

"or:*3*

Leave out " who," and inlert Prese 12. Line 21. Leave out the First " arid."

The feid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feverdlly put thereupon^, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jfofeph Erie do carry the Bill tc> the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That their Addrefe of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; and that he was commanded by his Majesty to return his Majesty’s hearty Thanks to this House; and to assure them, That his Majesty shall think himself obliged, in Return to the great Confidence they have repOled in him, not oly to use the utmost Oeconomy, that shall be confident rith the real Interest of his Subjects, for this ensuing Year,

but

Answer to Addreti.

on!

wi

768 i8° — 190 A.i'jij,

but likewise to apply his most earnest Endeavours to pre- the Enemy, he produced to the Committee the Receipts vent future Burthens to his People, by establishing a fct- of the several Captains in his Regiment, attesting and tied and lading Peace and Tranquillity. acknawleging their Receipt of the full Pay for themselves,

and their respective Companies, from the Fourth of February 1706 to the Eleventh of January 1708.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he would be grackmfly pleased to take the Services and Sufferings of Colonel Marti into his

Royal Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Preventing Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, Robbery, tec. who were appointed to draw up Realons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to feme of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; That they had drawn up Realons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, Paragraph by Paragraph; and, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

That the Commons agree to all the Amendments, made by your Lordships, to the said Bill, except the Clause B, and the Word " Deer-Stealers," in the Title of the Bill: To which the Commons disagree;

ill, Because they conceive, That unlawful Hunting or Courting of Deer in Forests, Chaces, Purlieus, #c. or being aiding or assisting the rein, is very uncertain, as well with regard to the Nature of the Offence, as to the Place where it may be supposed to be committed; whereby innocent Persons may be liable to prosecutions upon frivolous Pretences:

2d, The Power of Conviction and Transportation being given to a Quarter Sessions of the Peace, there is too much Reason to apprehend, that an ill Use may be made of such a Power upon some Emergencies, where there are Animosities and Divisions in the Country:

3d, They disagree to the Word " Deer-Stealers," in the Title of the Bill; it being only the Consequence of that Amendment, to which the Commons disagree.

Conference Ordered, That Mr. Carteret do go to the Lords; and with Lords, desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to the said Bill.

Army Debu. Sir tlichard Steele reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Joseph Marti, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is aa follows; viz.

That the Committee, upon the Examination of the Allegations in the said Petition, do find, That Colonel Marti, in the Beginning of the Year 1706, N.S. did raise, and form, a Regiment of Foot, upon the Promise and Encouragement of the Earl of Peterborough, to be upon the English Establishment and Pay; and that, upon the like Declarations and Promiles from my Lord and General Richards, he paid, and maintained, the said Regiment of Foot from the Fourth Day of February 1706.

N. S. to the Eleventh Day of January 1708:

That the Committee cannot but observe, as it appeared to them, That the said Colonel Marti used so much Industry, that he raised, and completely formed, this Regiment of Foot in the Space of Ten Days; and immediately marched against the Enemy:

That the Committee find, by Testimonials, Certificates, and Letters fro*11 the English Generals, and the Magistrates and Inhabitants of Catalonia and That the said Marti tehaved himselfj on all Occasions, with great Zeal, Fidelity and Bravery, in the Service:

That Colonel, Marti laid before the Committee an Account, and Demand, for his Regiment of Foot confiding of Two hundred Men; whereof he was constituted Colonel, as his Petition sets forth; and which, upon his own Credit, he has paid and satisfied for Two Years, amounting to the Sum of 15,096/. 18 10 in Part whereof

he has received 1,257/.; so that, upon the Balance, there remains due to him, according to this Account, l3,839?. i8j. 10 d.:

And to make out this Account, having loft his original Receipts and Vouchers when he was taken Prisongr by

Mr. Carteret reported, That he having, according to Cooferwic# Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with with Lord* their Lordships, their Lordships do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same immediately,' in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Solicitor General reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference; and given the Reasons directed by the House; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 19* die Mar ti;

Anno 4# Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Litchfield to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of fV Esquire; who since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of divers annual Bounties and Pensions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the W&reham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVareham, in the County of Dorset, in the

room of the Right honourable Thomas Erie Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted of a Pension from the Crown during Pleasure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr.

Brooming:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Lords desirea House, That the Lords do desire a Conference with this Conference. House this Day, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

'And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Solicitor General reported, That they had met the Lords at a Conference; and that it was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Earl of Stamford -, who acquainted the Managers, That the lairds do insist upon the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies;

15 and

4 Geo. I. 198 — 20" Martii. 7^9

and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and' unlawful Exporters of Wool; which this House had disagreed unto; for which the Lords gave their Realbns; which Mr. Solicitor General read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Reasons were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Lords having taken into Consideration the Rea-fons given by the Commons, at the last Conference, for their disagreeing with the Amendments, made- by their Lordships to the Bill for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; which relate to Deer-Stealers; their Lordships do infill on those Amendments:

Because the Crime of Deer-stealing is, of late, very greatly increased, and carried on by Force and Numbers, in divers Parts of the Kingdom; to the great Terror of private Families, and of those entrusted in the Keeping of Deer; and to the apparent Hazard of the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects; for the Prevention of which, the Laws already in being are found to be ineffectual: The Lords cannot but observe, That, though the Commons disagree to the whole Clause; yet their Objection seems only to relate to Part thereofto the Uncertainty of the Words Forests, Chaces, and Purlieus; which Words their Lordships find used in the Act, of the Third and Fourth of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer-Stealers; although the Conviction, by that Act, is much easier, being to be before One or more Justices of Peace; whereas, by the Clause now in question, such Conviction must be by-Indictment, which necessarily requires Two Juries: And therefore, as well for that the Boundaries are, as their Lordships conceive, sufficiently certain, as for that theft: Words have flood lb long in the afore-mentioned Act, their Lordships conceive it proper to Use the same Words, they relating to the same Offence; though the Clause in question is to enact a further Punishment.

Resolved, That this House doth infill upon their Disagreement with the Lords to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Yonge do go to the Lords, and desire the said’free Conference.

A Mjelfage from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act J>*" on for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1718; and for making

forth Duplicates for Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for Appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment. And also,

Half-yearly The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Payments of for making the Dividend of subscribed lottery Annuities, 1VI en ‘ and other Annuities, established by several Acts of Parliament, payable half-yearly, at the Bank of England, without any Amendment. And also,

Commission- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Army to appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and de- terniine, the Debts due to the Army; and to examine

and state the Demands of several foreign Princes and States for Subsidies during the late War: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Conference Mr. Yonge reported, That he having, according to wth Lords. Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference; and appoint the same to be To-monow, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Mart5

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1717*

P RAVERS.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Rochester rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.

Writ for the electing a. Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir John Jennings Knight: who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the East Retford ' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the Room of Thomas White Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of his Majesty’s Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Portsaxyutb Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the '^nt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsinouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Charles Wager Knight; W'ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Dover Writ, Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room of Matthew Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Port, Hath accepted the Office of Matter of Greenwich Hospital, for his Life.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ry®

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the . electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the room of Sir John Norris Knight; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted, the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bockingham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the n ’

electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks, in the room of Richard Hampden Esquire; who, since his MeClion for ' the said County, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the a rundell. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele<5i> '\Arit. ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A rundell, in the County of in the room

of Thomas Micklethwaite Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant General of his Majesty s Ordnance.

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last Cor, ference Conference do manage the free Conference with the Lords Lords

this Day upon the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; to which this House disagreed.

And the Managers went to the said free Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Solicitor General reported, That the Managers had been at the said free Conference; and had acquainted the Lords, That this House had insisted on their dif.

agreeing

A

40* — ai*

77°

agreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendments; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Viwens, 21° die Martii;

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1717.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer

and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

Preventing We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Robberiei, House, That the Lords do not insist on the Amendments, *c* made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies; and the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool; to which the Commons disagreed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ripon Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele€ling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of in the

room of the Right honourable John Esquire;

who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of Chancellor and Under-treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

New Wood- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to flock Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the Coun-

ty of Oxon, in the room of William Clayton Esquire} who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of -his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Scarborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of William Thompson Esquire; who, firice his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Warden of his Majesty’s Mint.

Examination Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-of pointed to search Precedents in relation to the Message

* from the Lords, of the Fourth Instant, concerning such

Members of this House who are Commissioners of Inquiry, and also Sir David Dalrymple, be entered in the Journals of this House.

And the said Report is as follows; viz.

That the Committee appointed to search Precedents, with relation to the Message font from the Lords, have met, according to the Order of the House; and, having searchea the Journals of the House, do find,

That, upon the 2d March, i* VTtb, the Maf-

ter of the Rolls, Serjeant Serjeant Hales, and the King’s Solicitors, sent from the Lords, to know the Pleasure of the House, if it be refblved there to pass upon the Attainder of the Admiral in such Order as was passed in the Higher House. Whereupon,

It is Ordered, That the Advertisement thereof shall be feQt to the Lords by feme of the House.

It is Resolved, That the Evidence shall be heard orderly, as it was before the Lords; and also to require. That the Lords, which affirm that Evidence, may come hither, and declare it viva voce; and this to be delivered >9

A. 1717.

to the Lord Protestor by Mr. Speaker, and other the King’s Privy Council, of the House.

Luna, 4* Martii.

The Matter of the Rolls, fife, declared the King’s Majesty’s Pleasure to be, That the Admiral’s Presence was not necessary in this Court; and therefore not to be here: And further declared, That, if the House would require to have the Lords to come to satisfy the House for the Evidence against the Admiral, the Lords would come down.

It is Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of Ihe King’s Privy Council shall hear, fife, require the Lords, That if Necessity require to have the Lords come down, that, upon a further Suit, they may come down to the House.

Upon the 20th March, 18 Jac. I"1, Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Dr. Bird brought from the I<ords a Mel-sage. That they have considered of the Matters in the last Conference: They desire to proceed with all Care and Expedition; desire to examine, upon Oath, divers Gentlemen of Quality, particularly Sir George Hastings and Sir Richard Young: That they have no Intention to violate the Privileges of this House; but desire these, and any other, though of this House, whose Tefiimony shall be needful, may, by private Motion to them, without further Message.

This to be done as private Men, voluntary.

Sir George Hastings and Sir Richard Young offer voluntary to do this.

Leave for Sir George Hastings and Sir Richard Young to go as private Men, and voluntarily, of themselves.

Upon Tuesday 31 July 1660, a Message from the Lords, by t\\ o Matters in Chancery: " Mr. Speaker, " Their Lordships desire, That Mr. Henry Seymour, a " Member of this House, will appear Tomorrow Morning, at the Bar of the Lords House, to answer feme " Questions that shall be demanded of him touching " Colonel Thomplinjon: And they desire, That this House " will give Mr. Henry Seymour Leave to appear accordingly."

Resolved, That, at the Desire of the Lords, the House s do give Leave to Mr. Henry Seymour, a Member of this House, to attend the Lords, if he please, to answer feme Questions concerning Colonel

The Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them that Answer.

Upon 15th Jan. i* Willielmi fif Maria: Ordered, That Sir John Kay, and Mr. Edward Montague, have Leave to attend the House of Lords as Witnesses upon the Bill for settling a Maintenance upon the Children of Sidney Wortley, alias Mountague Esquire, in case his Wife survive.

Upon the 26 Feb. 1* Will, fif Mar'ut, Sir Christopher Mufgraoe informing the House, That he was, by Order from the Lords, summoned to be sworn at the Bar of the House of Lords; and that their Lordships desired, That this House would give him Leave so to be; desired to have the Direction of the House therein;

Resolved, That Sir Christopher Mufgraoe have Leave to go and be sworn accordingly.

Upon the 13* of November, 1* K. Wm. fif Q. Mary, a Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook, and Mr. Keck; That, a Committee being appointed to examine who were the Advisers and Prosecutors of the Murders of the Lord Rvjfel, Colonel Sidney, Sir Thomas Armstrong, Mr. Cornish, and others; and who were the Advisers of issuing out of Writs of Quo against Corporations; and who were the Regulators; and also who were the publick Aflertore of the dispensing Power; That this House be desired, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, and John Hampden Esquire, and such other Members of this House as can inform the Lords of the said Committee about those Matters, may have Leave to appear, when desired, to declare their Knowledge therein.

Resolved, That Leave be given to Mr. Serjeant Trenck-ard, and Mr. Hampden junior, to attend the Lords.

16th November, i* Wm. fif Mar.

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook, and Mr. Methwin; That John Wildman Esquire

may

4 Geo. I.

4i* Martii.

771

may have Leave to come to (he Lords Committees, who are appointed to consider who were the Advisers and Pro* fccutors of the said Murders, to declare his Knowledge Concerning those Matters.

Resolved, That the said John Wildman may have Leave to go, as is desired.

Upon the 21° N<so. l* Wm. 8g . A Message waa brought from the Lords, by Sir Adam , and Mr. Meredith; That the Lords did delure. That Colonel Godfrey, /and Anthony Row Esquire, might have Leave to come to the Committee, who are appointed to consider who are the Advisers and Prosecutora of the said Murders.

Resolved, That Colonel Gods and Mr. Row, have Leave to attend accordingly.

That, upon the 12th of May, 2 Guliel. 8$ Maridt, a Message was sent by the Lords, desiring this House to give Leave, That Sir Robert Clayton and Sir George Treby may attend that House on next, to de-

clare their Knowledge concerning the present Lieutenancy and Militia of the City of London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Messengers be called in, and acquainted, That this House will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the Messengers were called in; and the Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was, upon a Division Of the House, resolved in the Affirmative.

They do find, That, on the 5* Februarii, 3*

8$ Maritf, Sir Joseph Tredenham reported a Conference had with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Lords Amendments to the Bill, sent up by the Commons, intituled, An additional Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom: And that the Lords were not satisfied with the Reasons given by the Commons touching the said Amendments: And, amongst the Rea-fons offered by the Lords, it is reported in the Words following; viz.

" The Lords do agree, That, in the Act, passed in the Nineteenth of King Charles the Second, for taking Accounts, the Commissioners thereby constituted were " named by the Commons; and the Lords did agree to " it, both because they approved of the Number and " Quality of the Persons; and because, they being not " Members of the House- of Commons, they might al-

ways be sent for at the Pleasure of the Lords, to explain any Matters relating to those Accounts: But, the " Lords having now had Experience, by the lait Act,

" which constituted no Commissioners but only such as were of the House of Commons, That their Lordships cannot have those Commissioners at any time before them, to answer such Questions or explain such Doubts, as their Lord ships may have occasion to inquire into; or even to intimate such Points as seem to have been omitted either in the Accounts, or the Observations made thereupon; is One very great Reason why the Lords have found it necessary to name such in this Bill as their Lordships may, from time to time, receive Informations from; without which, their Lordlliips examining into the Accounts will prove defective " and dilatory."

And, after Consideration of the said Report, it was

Resolved, That this House doth insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the Amendments to the said Bill: And,

Resolved, That a free Conference should be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the lift Conference.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the said Conference, do meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and prepare for the said Conference.

Vol. 18.

u

Sabbati, 6* die Febrtutni;

3* Guliel. Id Mar ice.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do go to the Lords, and desire a free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference, accordingly; and appoint the same upon Monday Morning next.

Luna, 8* die Februarii;

3* Guliel. 8g Maiice.

The Managers appointed went to the aforesaid free Conference.

And, beingretumed;

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported, That they had attended

the said free Conference, according to the Order of the House; and acquainted the Lords, That this House had infilled on their disagreeing with their Lordships in the Amendments to the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mercurii, 1 o* die Februarii;

3* Guliel. 8$ Maria.

A Message from the Lords, desiring a fi*ee Conference with this House this Day at One a Clock, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as they do desire.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Messengers there* with.

Then the Messengers appointed went to the free Conference with the Lords.

And being returned;

Sir Edward Seymour reported, That the Managers had attended the free Conference; and that the Lord Rochester managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and brought the Bill, and read the Title of it, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and acquainted them, That the Reasons given at the last Conference had been reported to the Lords; and that they had due Consideration of them; but, that notwithstanding, they did not depart from their Amendments to the Bill, but did adhere to their Amendments; and delivered the Bill, and Amendments, back again: And the same were Brought up to the Table.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search and inspect the Journals, and Precedents, touching the Methods of Conferences, and free Conferences, between the Two Houses; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That a Report of the Two last free Conferences be made to the House upon Saturday Adorning next.

13* Februarii.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to search and inspeQ the Journals, touching the Methods of Conferences, and free Conferences* between the Two Houses, be made upon Adorning

next.

Sabbati, 13* Feb. 3* Wm. 8$

Upon, the Report of the free Conferences had upon the Subject-matter, amongst other Things, it was reported* as delivered by the Lords thereat; viz.

" That the Lords had experienced by the last Act

" That the Inquiries their Lordships are directed to take " by this Act, are defective and dilatory, for want of*

" Commissioners that can attend them, and are able to " explain such Things as they may have Occasion to inquire into; and it cannot be imagined that Satisfaction " by writing to them, which they may arrive at by personal Examination.

And, in another Part of the said Report, their Lordships say, " That it is but reasonable they likewise should name such Commissioners as they may have Authority to

Examination! of Members by Lords.

Examination of Members by Lords.

772 2i® Martii. A. 1717.

" to call upon; for the Commons will hardly allow them " Authority to fend for the Members of the House of " Commons."

Upon the 8th of December8 , A Message

from the Lords, by Mr. Justice-iSyrej and Mr. Baron Powis, That, there being Occasion to examine the Lord Cults, and Mr. Vernon, Members of this House, in relation to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet, of High Treason, the Lords desire, That they may appear in the House of Lords, when such Occasion shall require.

Ordered, That the Lord Cults, and Mr. Vernon, have Leave to appear at the House of Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

On the 12th Januarii, 8* Gulielmi Tertii, a Message was sent f.om the Lords, in the Words following;

" Mr. Speaker, the Lords do desire, That this House " will give Leave to Mr. Vernon, a Member of this *' House, to attend their Lordships, to be examined con* " cerning some Informations given to their Lordships, relating to the Discovery, in February last, of the horrid Conspiracy again!! his Majesty’s Person."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

It was resolved to give Leave to Mr. Vernon to attend their Lordships, as their Lordships desired.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

20th Januarii.

A Message was brought from the Lords, That the Lords desired Sir Edward Abney, and Mr. Denzill Onjlcrw, Members of this House, might have Leave to attend the Lords House, to be examined in a Matter depending in that House between the Earl of Huntington, and his Son the Lord Hastings: And it was

Resolved, That Sir Edward Abney, and Mr. Onslow, might attend the Lords, as their Lordships desired.

On the 20th of March, of Gulielmi, a Message was sent by the Lords to this House, in the Words following; viz. "Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire, That such

" Members of this House as are Commissioners of the " Admiralty may have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, when desired, appointed to make an Inquiry " concerning the Thoulon Squadron’s getting into Brest " without any Opposition, in April 1690."

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Upon the 25th, a Second Message from the Lords; viz. " The Lords having sent a Message to this House, u the 20th Inllant, to desire, That such Members of this " House as were Commissioners of the Admiralty might " have Liberty to attend the Lords Committees appointed " to make Inquiry concerning the Thoulon Squadron’s " getting into Brest, without any Opposition, in April " 1696; to which Message this House returned Answer, " That they would fend their Lordships an Answer by " Messengers of their own; and that, their Lordships 4< having received no Answer, they do put this House in " mind thereof."

On the 26th of March the House proceeded to take into Consideration the aforesaid Message from the Lords, to the 20th Inllant.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents of what hath been done in the like Cafes;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That such Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, when desired, appointed to make an Inquiry concerning the Thoulon Squadron getting'*into Brest, without any Opposition, in April 1690.

Ordered, That Colonel Gratvcille do go to the Lords and acquaint them therewith.

Upon the 9th Day of April, 9* Guliel. a Message was. brought from the Lords, to desire. That Sir Joseph Hem,

a Member of this House, might have Leave to attend the Lords Committees appointed, amongst other Things, to make Inquiry concerning Letters of Mart.

It was resolved, That Sir Joseph Hern should have Leave to attend, as the Lords do desire.

Upon the 21st Mar. io® Guliel. Tertii, a Message was brought from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward, and Mr. Justice Nev " Mr. Speaker, " We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this " House, That whereas a scandalous Paper, r^lecting on ‘‘ the Lord Chancellor, and his Proceedings in the Court *' of Chancery, hath been complained of, and read, in the House of Lords; of which their Lordships are " informed, upon Oath, That Mr. Robert Bertie, a " Member of this House, can give some Account; their " Lordships do desire, That, for that Purpose, this " House will give Leave for him to appear before the " Lords."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Martis, 22® die;

to® G uliel.Tertii.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords, Yesterday, touching Mr. Robert Bertie.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up, upon the Debate of the House, an Answer to be given to the said Message: And that they do immediately withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and draw up the fame.

Mercurii, 23° die Martii;

1 o Gulielmi Tertii.

The Lord Spencer reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Answer, upon the Debate of the House, to be given to the Message from the Lords, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert , That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

" The Commons having received a Message from " your Lordships, wherein your Lordships did acquaint " them, That a scandalous Paper, reflefiting on the Lord " Chancellor, and his Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, has been complained of, and read, in the House " of Lords; of which your Lordships are informed,

" upon Oath, That Mr. Robert Bertie, a Member of the "House of Commons, can give some Account; your " Lordships do desire. That, for that Purpose, the Commons would give Leave for him to appear before your " Lordships; the Commons have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That, they not being informed,

" by the said Message, of the particular Matters contained in the said Paper, or upon what Grounds your w Lordships alk to have their Member appear before you,

" they desire your Lordships to let them know what the Nature of that Account is which is expected from their " Member."

The Answer, being read the Second time, was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Answer be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subje3-matter of the Message from their Lordships, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie.

Ordered, That the Lord Spencer do go to the Lords, t and desire the said Conference.

The Lord Spencer reported, That he having, according to Order, been to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Message, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie, the Lords answered," That they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Jovis,

y£.:

410 Mar tit.

4 Geo. I.

m

Jovis, 24* dieMartii}

AMeflage from the Lords, by Sir Cook, and Mr. Meredith, That the Lords do agree to a Conference desired by this House, upon the Subject-matter of the Message from their Lordships to this House, in relation to Mr. Robert Bertie; and do appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew the Answer touching Mr. Bertie do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lora Spencer reported, That they had given to the Lords the Answer directed by this House.

Upon the 25th Januarii, 7® Anna. Regina, a Message

was brought from the Lords by Sir Richard and

Mr. Pitt; viz. That the Lords desire this House to give Leave to Sir Samuel Maclellan, Mr. Dugall Stuart, and Mr. Cock ran Kilmarnock, to attend the House of Lords Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, to give their Testimony in relation to the Election of the Sixteen Peers of Scotland returned to serve in this present Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents in relation to the said Message.

Jovis, 27 die Jan.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to search Precedents in relation to the Message from the Lords, the 25th Instant, having not made a Report, be discharged from further Proceeding.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Macklellan, Mr. Ditgal Stewart, and Mr. C'ockran Kilmarnock, have Leave, if they think fit, to appear at the House of Lords, for the Purposes mentioned in their Lordships Message to this House the 25th Instant.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That the Lord William Porwlett do carry the said Message.

U pon the 5th July, Anno 13* Anna Regina, a Meffegc was brought from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Holford; viz. " We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they, having under their '* Consideration Matters of great Moment relating to "'the Trade of this Kingdom, do desire, That such " Members of this Iloufe who are Commissioners for " Trade and Plantations may have Liberty to attend them this Day."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will return an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, at One of the Clock, take the said Message into Consideration.

The House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Message from the Lords.

Ordered, That such Members of this House who are Commissioners for Trade and Plantations have liberty to go to the Lords, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do go to the Lords, and acquaint them therewith, in Answer to the Message received from them.

Jovis, 8* Julii;

Anno 13* Anna Regina.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Mr. Rogers: " We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords desire, That such " Members of this House as are of the Committee of the " South Sea Company for the and also Wm.

" Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House, may have " Leave to attend the House of Lords this Day."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 18.

Ordered, That the Mefletigers be called in again, and acquaint^ That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

The House took the said Message into Consideration:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That such Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the and also

William Lmcndes Esquire, a Member of this House, have Liberty to go to the House of Lords, if they think fit j

The House divided.

For the Yeas, 57.

For the Noes, 72.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House doth not think fit to give Leave to their Members to go to the House of Lords; their Lordships having not, in their Message, specified the Cause upon which their Lordships desire their Attend-. ance.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and IVfr. Lovibond: " Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the " Lords to acquaint this House, That they, having this " Day under their Examination Matters relating to the " South Sea Company, which are of great Consequence " to the Trade of this Kingdom, do desire. That this " House will give Leave to such Members of this House " as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for " the Assiento and William Lowndes Esquire, may have " Leave to attend the House of Lords this Day."

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to such Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the Assiento, and to IVHliam Lowndes Esquire, another of their Members, to go to the House of Lords, if they think fit.

The Committee also find. That, on 30th July, 1® Gear-gii Regis, a Message was sent from the Lords by Mr. flolford and Mr. 'Lovibond: "Mr. Speaker, \ve are " commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That " the Lords dclh e this House will give Leave, That Thomas Vernon, of Twickenham Park, Esquire, a Member " of this House, may come to the Lords Committees for " Privileges, to whom the Complaint of a Breach of the " Earl of Abingdons Privilege is referred, in order to be

" examined by the said Committee touching the M atter " of the said Complaint.'"

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Thomes Vernon Esquire have Leave to attend the Lords, at their Committee of Privileges, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were called in again and' Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And, upon 3* September,2® Georgii Regis, a Message was sent from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Oxford: " Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords " to acquaint this House, That their Lordships desire " William Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House, " may have Leave to attend the Committee of the House " of Lords, to whom the Bill, intituled, An for

" Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine, " concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on " the fame, stands committed."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in j and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took into Consideration the Message from the Lords, this Day brought from their Lordships, in relation to Mr. Lowndes, a Member of this House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to attend a Committee of the House of Lords, to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Merchants, Importers of Tobacco and Wine,

9 L concerned

fcxamination of Member* by Lords.

774 210 Mar At. — 20° Mail. — 22° Julii. — 16° Septembris.

1718.

After which, his Majesty was pleased'to say;

concerned in Bonds given for Part of the Duties on the same, is committed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subje6fc-matter of the said Message.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Confer* ence.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly.

Itoyat Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Oldes,

to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty tvas pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have commanded my lord Chancellor to deliver, in The King* my Name and Words, what I think fit should be laid Speech, to you, on my putting an End to this Session of Parliament

And thereupon his Lordship received, from his Majestys Hands, from the Throne, his Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament; which he read:

And after wards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

His Majesty’s Royal Pleasure is, That this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the Twentieth Day of May next T>roro£"*^* to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Twentieth Day of May next

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Mart is, 20° die Man;

Anno 4® Georgii Regis 1718.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Corn-million, desire the immediate Attendance of this honour-

able House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Com- million read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Twenty-second Day of July next

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Twenty-second Day of July next

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Martis,2 2° Julii;

Anno 4° Georgii Regis, 1718.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Sixteenth Day of September next

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday the Sixteenth Day of September next.

Martis, 16° die Septembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Regis, 1718.

parliament A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Incledont Amber Jl\. Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: prorogued. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Eleventh Day of November next

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Eleventh Day of November neptt

INDEX

INDEX

T O T H E

EIGHTEENTH VOLUME.

I. Geo. I. Mag. Brit. Pari. 5. A. 1714.

A CCOUNTS of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval

Stores, imported from Michaelmas 1713 to Lady-day

1714, Presented, 20 Aug.

Address of Condolence on the Queen’s Death, and Congratulation on the King’s Accession, with Assurance of Support against all Enemies; a Committee to prepare it; Lords Justices Speech referred, 5 Aug. Address reported, and to be presented to Lords Justices, to be transmitted to the King, 6. Their Answer, 7. King’s Answer; Thanks thereupon; to be transmitted by Loras Justices,25.

r 8C 3* Geo. I. Pari. 1.4Sef. 1. A. 1714, 1715, SC

1716.

ABERBROTHWICK. Vide Aberdeen, infra.

Aberdeen, Monttofs, Brechan, Aberbroth wick, and Bervey, Election; Petition, 30 Mar. 1715. To be heard at Bar, 30 Mar. 10. 18. 81 25, June, 2.9. 8t 19, July. Heard; Return to be amended, 22. Amended, 23.

Abingdon, Petition from, relating to gauging Malt, to lie on the Table for future Consideration, 14 May 1715. — Another, relating to the Bill for prolonging Parliaments, 24 Apr. 1716.

Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval Stores, imported from Lady-day 1714 to Michaelmas 1714, presented, 24 Mar. 1714. — of the Deficiency of Money granted in 1714, ordered, 29.1715* Presented, 1 Apr. — of the Extraordinaries for Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces for 1714, and of the growing Charges for 1715, ordered, 29 Mar. — Lists of Regimental Officers in Half-pay for 1715 — ofthofe dead, or provided for, in 1714; severally ordered, 29. Presented, 25 Apr. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 9 May. Vide Supply. — of Protestant Officers of the Baron de Bone’s Regiment — of Officers of Lieutenant General Hamilton’s Regiment; severally presented, 9. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 8 June. Vide Supply. — of Regimental Officers to be in Half* pay, or Half-pay made up whole, for 1716 — of reduced Officers dead, or provided for in the last Year; severally ordered, 14 Jan. 1715. Presented, with Account of the Sum wanting to make up the Half-pay full Pay, from 26 July

1715, to the Days of their Deaths or rrovisions — State of the Half-pay for Land Forces and Marines, 17 Mar. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 23. Vide Supply. — of Expences incurred for the Land Forces for 1715, and not provided for, presented, 28 Jan. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 13 Feb. Vide Supply. — Accounts of the Number of Troops in Scotland on 20tn July 1715 — when Three Regiments of Foot were ordered from thence; severally presented, 21 Mar. 1714. — of Ships employed in 1714, with their Complements, and Numberot Men — of Ships discharged sincetheCeffation of Arms; severally ordered, 29 Mar. 1715. Presented, 9 Apr. — Lift of Flag Officers, Captains, and Lieutenants, in the Navy, prefen ted, 29. — Account of Monies issued for theNavy in 1714, with the Application thereof — of South Sea Stock in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands between Christmas 1713 and Christmas 1714, with the Disposal thereof; severally presented, 2 May. — of Men aboard the Fleet, with their Wages, and the Charges of Wear and Tear, and what was voted for the Ordinary of the Navy for the last four Years, and what has been l'upplied in Money and Credit, presented, 14. — of Ordnance for Sea Service for the last Four Years, presented, 21. — of Money, Tallies, &c. in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands on 31st Dec. 1715, presented, 14 Feb. 1715. — of Money granted last Session for the Navy, exclusive of Ordnance, presented, 17. Severally referred to the Committee of

Vol. 18.

Supply, 12 Mar. Vide Supply — of the capital and annual Fund of the South Sea Company for 1715,ordered,2g Mar. 1715. Presented, 31. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 1 Apr. Vide Supply. — of Gold and Silver coined, from Lady-day 1713 to Laay-day 1715, presented, 31 Mar — -Account and Contract of Dagenham Breach, presented, 5 Apr. Referred to a Committee, 21 Mar. Vide Donelly. — of VIo- ney paid in for the first half Year of Land and Window Taxes for 1714, and the Arrears of former Years, and of what remains in the Receivers Hands, and what is uncolleCled, with the Causes thereof, ordered, 6 Apr. — Presented, 13.-of Ex-

Snces incurred, and not provided for, presented, 14.-of the

eficiencies of the Lotteries in 1712, presented, 26. Severally referred to the Committee of Supply, 6 May.--of the

dear Produce of the Civil List Revenues, from CVrriftmas 1699 to Lady-day 1715; viz. Paper, {hewing how the Civil List Branches have been abridged, altered, &c. — Estimate of One

Year’s Expence, of the late Queen’s Civil Government-Lift

of Salaries payable at the Exchequer out of her Civil List Revenues — Establishment for the Expences of the Civil List Government in Scotland, with Additions — of the same Expences, commencing 24th June 1714 — State of her Revenues at her " Death — Account of Monies appropriated towards clearing her Debts to Servants,&c. severally presented, 10 May. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 13. Vide Supply. — Lift of Salaries payable at the Exchequer out of the late Queen’s Civil List Revenues — Annuities at the Exchequer, Poll Office, and Excise Office — Bounties paid by Mr. Nicholas in Two Years, ended at Michaelmas 1714, and Lift of Warrants signed, but no MoneyifluedbeforeherDemife — other Pensions inEogland and Scotland — Copy of Account of Pensions charged on the ' Civil List of Ireland on6th February 1713 — Pensions on the Military Lift therein on 31st December 1713 — Lift of French Pensions therein — Account of Pensions and Warrants for beneficial Grants since the King’s Accession — Copies of Warrants for paying ,£1,000 to Lord Balmerino, andfeveral others — for allowing *£4,000 to Mr. Maule; severally presented, 10. To be considered in a Committee of the whole House; Lifts fend Accounts referred, 16. Considered, 18. — Establishments in the Four last Reigns — annual Payments in the Treasurer of the Chamber’s Office in 1667. — Draught of

late King James’s EstablishmentofPayments therein--- or King William's — of Queen Anne’s; severally presented, 11. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 13. Vide Supply To be re-delivered, 25. — Abstra# of the Revenue of James Duke of York in 1678 — Book of Diet, W^ges, 8cc. of Prince Heniv’a House, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 13. Vide Supply. — Report of Referrers concerning the Army-Debts, presented, 16. Account of the gross and net Produce of the Customs, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714 — the Produce of the Customs for Wine and Brandy within thf^ same time — of Woollen Manufactures, Lead, Tin, and Fish, exported, within the same Time — of Woollen Manufactures exported, from Michaelmas 169710 Christmas 1G90 — of dye — ing Materials sent to France since the Peace at Christmas 1714; severally presented, 25. — of Wool imported from Spain — of Cochineal imported — of Wines imported from France, Spain, and the Canaries, from Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1714 severally presented, 2 June. — Abstract of Arrears to foreign Troops — of Subsidies due to foreign Princes; severally presented, 2. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 8. Vida Supply.' — Account of Woollen. Manufactures, &c. exported from Scotland between Christmas 1708 and Christmas 1714* — of the Produce of the Customs for Wines and Brandies in the same time — of the gross and net Produce of the Customs since the Union, to Christmas 1714 — of the groii and net Pro-

A duco

o

