JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 21st, 1794,

In the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

November the 25th, 1794,

In the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 49.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martis, 21° die Januarii;

---

Anno 34° Georgii III. Regis, 1794.

[Message to attend His Majesty.]

Writs issued in Recess.

Members take Oaths.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made " in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the " House of Commons to issue His Warrants to the " Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner " therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament far the following Places; for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of John Lee, Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of James Baillie, Esquire, deceased; and for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, in the

room of Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, deceased.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Vol. 49.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House Of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Circumstances under which you are now assembled require your most serious Attention.

We are engaged in a Contest on the Issue of which depend the Maintenance of Our Constitution, Laws, and Religion, and the Security of all Civil Society.

You must have observed, with Satisfaction, the Advantages which have been obtained by the Arms of the Allied Powers, and the Change which has taken place in the general Situation of Europe since the Commencement of the War.

The United Provinces have been protected from Invasion. The Austrian Netherlands have been recovered and maintained; and Places of considerable Importance have been acquired on the Frontier of France.

The Recapture of Mentz, and the subsequent Successes of the Allied Armies on the Rhine, have, notwithstanding the Advantages recently obtained by thO Enemy in that Quarter, proved highly beneficial to the common Cause.

Powerful Efforts have been made by My Allies in the South of Europe the temporary Possession of the Town and Port of Toulon has greatly distressed the Operations of My Enemies; and, in the Circumstances attending the Evacuation of that Place, an important and decisive Blow has been given to their Naval Power by the distinguished Conduct, Abilities, and Spirit of My Commanders, Officers, and Forces, both by Sea and Land.

The French have been driven from their Possessions and Fishery at Newfoundland; and important and valuable Acquisitions have been made both in the East and West Indies.

At Sea Our Superiority has been undisputed, and Our Commerce so effectually protected, that the Losses

sustained

Outlawry Bill read.

Mr. Speaker reports the King's Speech;

21" Januarii.

A. 1794.

sustained have been inconsiderable in Proportion to its Extent, and to the Captures made on the contracted Trade of the Enemy.

The Circumstances by which the further Progress of the Allies has hitherto been impeded, not Only prove the Necessity of Vigour and Perseverance on Our Part, but at the same Time confirm the Expectation of intimate Success.

Our Enemies have derived the Means of temporary Exertion from a System which has enabled them to dispose arbitrarily of the Lives and Properties of a numerous People, and which openly violates every Restraint of Justice, Humanity, and Religion. But these Efforts, productive as they necessarily nave been of internal Discontent and Confusion in France, have also tended rapidly to exhaust the natural and real Strength of that Country.

Although I cannot but regret the necessary Contir nuance of the War, I should ill consult the essential Interests of My People, if I were desirous of Peace on any Grounds but such as may provide for their permanent Safety, and for the Independence and Security of Europe.

The Attainment of these Ends is still obstructed by the Prevalence of a System in France equally incompatible with the Happiness of that Country, and with the Tranquillity of all other Nations.

Under this Impression, I thought proper to make a Declaration of the Views and Principles by which I am guided: — I have ordered a Copy of this Declaration to be laid before you, together with Copies of several Conventions and Treaties with different Powers; by which you will perceive how large a Part of Europe is united in a Cause of such general Concern.

I reflect, with unspeakable Satisfaction, on the steady Loyalty and firm Attachment to the established Constitution and Government, which, notwithstanding the continued Efforts employed to mislead and to seduce, have been so generally prevalent among all Ranks of My People. These Sentiments have been eminently manifested in the Zeal and Alacrity of the Militia to provide for Our internal Defence, and in the distinguished Bravery and Spirit displayed on every Occasion by My Forces both by Sea and Land: They have maintained the Lustre of the British Name, and have shewn themselves worthy of the Blessings which it is the Object of all our Exertions to preserve.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the necessary Estimates and Accounts to be laid before you; and I am persuaded you will be ready to make such Provision as the Exigencies of the Time may require. I feel too sensibly the repeated Proofs which I have received of the Affection of My Subjects not to lament the Necessity of any additional Burthens.

It is, however, a great Consolation to Me to observe the favourable State of the Revenue, and the complete Success of the Measure which was last Year adopted for removing the Embarrassments affecting Commercial Credit.

Great as must be the Extent of Our Exertions, I trust you will be enabled to provide for them in such a Manner as to avoid any Pressure which could be severely felt by My People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In all your Deliberations you will undoubtedly bear in Mind die true Grounds and Origin of the War. An Attack was made on Us and on Our Allies, founded on Principles which tend to destroy all Property, to subvert the Laws and Religion of every civilized Nation, and to introduce universally that wild and destructive System of Rapine, Anarchy, and Impiety, the Effects of which, as they have already been manifested 9

in France, furnish a dreadful, but useful, Lesson to the present Age and to Posterity.

It only remains for Us to persevere in Our united Exertions — their Discontinuance or Relaxation could hardly procure even a short Interval of delusive Repose, and could never terminate in Security or Peace.

Impressed with the Necessity of defending all that is most dear to Us, and relying, as We may with Confidence, on the Valour and Resources of the Nation, on the combined Efforts of so large a Part of Europe, and above all on the incontestible Justice of Our Cause, let Us render Our Conduct a Contrast to that of Our Enemies, and by cultivating and practising the Principles of Humanity, and the Duties of Religion, endeavour to merit the Continuance of the Divine Favour and Protection, which have been so eminently experienced by these Kingdoms.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at the 25th of May

1793: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the King of the Two Sicilies, signed at Naples the 12th of July 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the King of Prussia, signed at the Camp before Mayence the 14th of July 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, signed at May-hammer the 23d of August 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed at London the 30th of August 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Margrave of Baden, signed at the 21st of

September 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Queen of Portugal, signed at London the 26th of September 1793: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, signed at Langen Candel the 5th of October 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Declaration published by His Majesty's Order 29th October 1793; and Translation: Ana also,

N° 10. Copy of a Declaration published in the King's Name, and by His Majesty's Order, by their Excellencies Vice Admiral Lord Hood, the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Lieutenant General O'Hara, His Majesty's Commissioners Plenipotentiary at Toulon, 20th November 1793; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The Copies of such of the said Papers, whereof there are Translations, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations, and the other Papers, are as followed!; viz.

COPY of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at Aranjuez the 25th of May 1793.

Their Britannick and Catholick Majesties having resolved, on Consideration of the present Circumstances of Europe, to substantiate their mutual Confidence,

Friendship, and good correspondence by means of a provisional Convention, in the Interim of their

entirely

Treaties and Conventions with Spain; the King of the Two Sicilies; Prussia; Hesse Cassel; &c. &c. pi^-sented.

Treaty with Spain.

34 Geo. III. 21° yahuarii.

*5

entirely completing the solid System of Alliance and Commerce which they are so desirous of establishing between themselves and their respective Subjects, have named and authorized for that Purpose; viz. on the Part of His Britannick Majesty the most Illustrious and

most Excellent Lord Alley ne Baron St. Member of His said Majesty's Privy Council, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Catholick Majesty; and on the Part of his Majesty, the

most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Don Manuel de Godoy and Alvarez, de Faria, Rios Sanchez Zarosa, Duke de la Alcudia, Grandee of Spain of the First Class, perpetual Regidor of the City of Santiago, Knight of the Illustrious Order of the Golden Fleece, and of the Royal and distinguished Spanish Order of Charles III, Commander of Valencia del Ventoso, in that of Santiago, Counsellor of State, First Secretary of State and Des-pactio, Secretary to the Queen, Superintendent General of the Ports and Highways, Gentleman of the King's Chamber in Employment, Captain General of his Armies, Inspector and Major of the Royal Corps of Body Guards; who, after having communicated to each other their full Powers in due Form, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

The Two most Serene Kings will employ their utmost Attention, and all the Means which are in their Power to re-establish the Public Tranquillity, and to maintain their common Interests; and they promise and engage to act in perfect Concert, and in the most intimate Confidence for the Accomplishment of those salutary Ends.

Article II.

Their said Majesties having perceived just Grounds of Jealousy and of Uneasiness for the Safety of their respective Dominions, and for the Maintenance of the general System of Europe, in the Measures which have been for some Time past adopted in France, they had already agreed to establish between them an intimate and entire Concert, upon the Means of opposing a sufficient Barrier to those dangerous Views of Aggression and Aggrandizement; and France having declared an unjust and aggressive War, as well against His Britannick Majesty as against his Catholick Majesty, their said Majesties engage to make common Cause in the said War. The said High Contracting Parties will mutually concert together every Thing that may be relative to the Succours to be afforded by the One to the other, as also to the Employment of their Forces for their respective Safety and Defence, and for the Good of the common Cause.

Article III.

In consequence of what is stipulated in the preceding Article, and in order that the British and Spanish Vessels may be mutually protected and succoured during the present War, as well in their Navigation as in the Ports of the Two High Contracting Parties, their Britannick and Catholick Majesties have agreed and agree, that their Squadrons and Ships of War shall convoy, without distinction, the Trading Vessels of the Two Nations in the same Manner that each convoys its own, as far as Circumstances may permit, and that both their Ships of War and Trading Vessels shall be admitted into their respective Ports ana prbtected, and shall be furnished with the Succours of which they may stand in need, at the current Prices.

Article IV.

Their said Majesties engage reciprocally to shut their Ports against French Vessels; not to permit that there shall, in any Case, be exported from their Ports for France either Warlike or Naval Stores, or Wheat or other Grains, Salted Meat or other Provisions; and to take every other Measure in their Power to distress the Vol. 49.

Trade of France, and reduce her by that Means to just Conditions of Peace.

Article V.

Their said Majesties also engage, the present War being generally interesting to every civilized State, to unite all their Efforts in order to prevent those Powers which do not take Part in the said War from affording, in consequence of their Neutrality, any Protection, direct or indirect, on the Seas or in the Ports of France, to the Commerce and Property of the French.

Article VI.

Their Britannick and Catholick Majesties promise reciprocally not to lay down their Arms (unless it should be by common Agreement) without having obtained the Restitution of all the Dominions, Territories, Cities or Places which may have belonged to either of them before the Commencement of the War, and of which the Enemy may have taken Possession during the Course of Hostilities.

Article VII.

If either of the Two High Contracting Parties should be attacked, molested, or disturbed in any of his Dominions, Rights, Possessions, or Interests, at whatever Time or in whatever Manner it might be, by Sea or by Land, in consequence and in hatred of the Articles or Stipulations contained in the present Treaty, or of the Measures to be taken by the said High Contracting Parties in virtue of this Treaty the other Contracting. Party engages to succour and to make common Cause with him, in the Manner stipulated inr the- foregoing Articles,

Article VIII.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by both Parties, and the Exchange of the Ratifications shall be made in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, we, the Plenipotentiaries of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, have signed in the Name, and in virtue of our respective full Powers, the present Treaty, and have sealed it with the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Aranjuez, the Twenty-fifth day of May 1793.

St. Helens. (l. s.)

El Duque de la Alcudia. (l. s.)

TRANSLATION of the Convention be- Treaty with tween His Majesty and the King of the Two Sicily Sicilies, signed at Naples, the 12th of July 1793-

Their Britannick and Sicilian Majesties being convinced of the Danger which threatens Europe, in consequence of the Conduct of those who now Exercise the Powers of Government in France, of the View's which they have manifested, and of the Principles which they strive to propagate in all Parts, and the said Persons having actually declared against His Britannick Majesty, as well as against several other Powers, an unjust and unprovoked War; their said Majesties have judged proper to concert together upon the Means of opposing a Barrier to the Dangers above-mentioned, and to provide for the future Security and Tranquillity of their Dominions, as well as for the general Interests of Europe.

Their Majesties have therefore authorized their respective Plenipotentiaries; to wit, His Britannick Majesty, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord William Hamilton, One of His Majesty's Privy Council, Knight of His Order of the Bath, and His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to his said Sicilian Majesty; and his Sicilian Majesty, the most

C Illustrious

6 . 21° Jammu. A. 1794

Illustrious afed most Excellent Lord John Acton, his Councillor and Secretary of State for the Departments of Foreign Affairs, of War, of the Marine, and of Commerce, Lieutenant General of his Armies, Knight of his Order of St. Januarius, and Commander of the - Order of St. Stephen; the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Marquis Charles Demarco, his Councillor and Secretary of State for the Department Of the Royal Household, and Knight of his Order of St. nuarius; the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Thomas de somme, of the Princes del Colie, Marquis of Circello, his Gentleman of the Chamber, Brigadier of his Armies, and Knight of his Order of St.;

who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed to the following Articles:

Article I.

Their Britannick and Sicilian Majesties, from the

Motives above explained, will make common Cause in the present War against France, and will concert together upon the Military and Naval Operations, especially in the Mediterranean Sea.

Article II.

The High Contracting Parties reciprocally guaranty to each other their Dominions againt the common Enemy, and engage not to lay down their Arms, unless by common Consent, without having obtained the entire and full Restitution of all Places, Towns, and Territories which respectively belonged to them before the Commencement of the present war, and which the Enemy may have taken during the Course of the War.

Article III.

His Sicilian Majesty promises to unite to the Forces of His Britannick Majesty, in order that he may employ them in the Mediterranean, either conjointly or in concert with His own Military and Naval Forces, a Body of Six thousand Land Troops, as well as Four Ships of the Line, Four Frigates, and Four small Ships of War. His Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies offers to contribute the Contingent above specified from the present Time, and to augment it hereafter if Circumstances will permit him.

His Britannick Majesty will defray the Expence of the Vessels for transporting the said Body of Troops to the Places where it shall be required to serve; and as soon as the said Corps shall have quitted the Dominions of his Sicilian Majesty for that Purpose, His Britannick Majesty shall be obliged to provide it with the Subsistence and Forage which may be. necessary.

Article IV.

His Britannick Majesty shall keep a respectable Fleet of Ships of the Line in the Mediterranean, as long as the Danger of the Two Sicilies, and the Operations which they shall undertake against the common Enemy, shall require; and His said Majesty engages to take such Arrangements as shall be most proper for maintaining, either by His own Forces, or in concert with the other Maritime Powers engaged in this War, a decided Superiority in that Sea, and to provide by this Means for the Security of his Sicilian Majesty's Dominions.

Article V.

His Sicilian Majesty will prohibit his Subjects from all Commerce with France, of what Nature soever; and will not even permit the Ships of other Nations to export from the Ports of the Two Sicilies to the Ports of France, any Sort of Provisions, or Military or Naval Stores.

Article VI.

His Sicilian Majesty promises to open the Ports of the Two Sicilies without Reserve or Restriction to the English Squadrons, and to furnish them with all the Succour and Provisions which they may be in want

of at the current Prices, and in the Manner practised in similar Cases. His said Sicilian Majesty wiU shut his Ports against all French Vessels, whether Merchantmen or Ships of War.

Article VII.

The Ships of War of His Britannick Majesty which shall be employed in the Mediterranean to serve as Convoy to the Merchantmen belonging to the Subjects of His said Majesty, shall also take under their Convoy the Vessels of his Sicilian Majesty which may have the same Destination. A similar Conduct shall be observed on the Part of his Sicilian Majesty; and to this End the necessary and proper Orders shall be respectively given to those whom it may concern.

Article VIII.

If, in the Course of the Events which may occur, his Sicilian Majesty shall judge that he cannot any longer, with Justice and Dignity, continue the War, he declares, not only that he will not make Peace without stipulating, that the above-mentioned Conditions in the Second Article of this Treaty shall be at the same Time offered on the Part of the Enemy to His Britannick Majesty, but also that if His Britannick Majesty should notwithstanding determine to continue the War, his Sicilian Majesty shall observe a strict and exact Neutrality during all its farther duration.

Article IX.

His Britannick Majesty at the future Peace, and at the Congresses which may be held for that Purpose, will give all requisite Attention to the Welfare and Security of Italy, and especially to the Dignity and Interests of the Crown of the Two Sicilies, and to the procuring for his Sicilian Majesty, at the Peace, all due Satisfaction and Security.

Article X.

The present Convention shall be ratified by die High Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in due Form in the Space of Three Months, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed, furnished with the full Powers of our respective Sovereigns, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Naples, the 12th day of the Month of July, in the Year 1793.

(l. s.) Jean Acton.

(t. s.) Wm Hamilton, (l. s.) Marquis Charles Demarco.

(l. s.) Le Marquis de Circello.

TRANSLATION of the Convention be-Treaty with tween His Majesty and the King of Prussia, Prussia, signed at the Camp before Mayence, the 14th of July 1793.

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the King of Prussia, in consequence of the Ties of Friendship and of Alliance by which they are now so happily united, and animated by the Desire of establishing with each other a more direct and a more confidential Communication upon every Thing which relates to the unjust and cruel War which the Persons who exercise the Powers of Government in France have commenced against several great Powers in Europe, adopting towards others Measures equally unjust and offensive, and conducting themselves towards them by Principles incompatible with the Security and the Tranquillity of all Independent States, and even with the Existence of all Social Order; their said Majesties have thought proper to 13 concert

34 Geo. III.

21° ranuarii.

concert together upon the Means of opposing a sufficient Barrier to the Dangers which threaten all Europe in consequence of such Principles, Views, and Conduct. Their Majesties have therefore authorized their respective Ministers Plenipotentiary; to wit, His Majesty the King of Great , the Earl of

champ, One of His said Majesty's Privy Council; and his Majesty the King of Pruthe Marquis Jerome de Lucchesini, his actual Chamberlain, Knight of the

Orders of the Black Eagle, and of the Red; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

Their Britannick and Prussian Majesties will exert all their Endeavours to establish and maintain with each other the most perfect Concert, and the most intimate Confidence upon all the Objects relative to the present War; the Two High Contracting Parties, seeing in the same Point of View the indispensible Necessity of continuing their Plans and Operations for the Accomplishment of the just and lawful Object of a Peace, in which all Europe may find Tranquillity and Security, will continue to employ their respective Forces, as far as their Circumstances will permit, in carrying on a War equally just and necessary.

Article II.

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the King of Prussia, reciprocally promise not to lay down their Arms but by common Consent without having obtained Restitution of all the Conquests which France may have made upon either of the Two High Contracting Parties, or upon such other of the Powers, Friends or Allies of their said Majesties, to whom they shall judge proper to extend this Guaranty by common Consent.

Article III.

The High Contracting Parties having already taken the Resolution to shut all their Ports against French Ships, and not to permit the Exportation in any Case from their said Ports for , of any Military or

Naval Stores, or Corn, Grain, Salt Meat, ot other Provisions; they reciprocally engage to continue those Measures, and promise to employ all other Means which shall be in their Power, for injuring the Commerce of France, and for bringing her, by such Means, to just Conditions of Peace.

Article IV.

Their Majesties engage to unite all their Efforts to prevent, on this Occasion of common Concern to every civilized State, other Powers not implicated in this War, from giving, in consequence of their Neutrality, any Protection whatever, directly or indirectly, to the Commerce or Property of the French on the Sea, or in the Ports of France.

Article V.

Their Britannick and Prussian Majesties engage to ratify the present Convention; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Convention.

In Witness whereof, we, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the King of Prussia, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at the Camp before the 14th of

July 1793.

Beauchamp. (l. s.)

Jerome Marquis de Lucchesini. (l. s.)

Vol. 49.

TRANSLATION of the Convention be- Treaty with tween His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel. Hesse Cassel, signed at Maykammer, the 23d of August 1793.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, having judged it mutually advantageous to strengthen and consolidate the ancient Bonds of Friendship which so happily unite the Two Sovereigns by a Treaty of Subsidy concluded at Cassel, the 1 oth day of the Month of April 1793; and His Britannick Majesty having thought fit, in the present Situation of Affairs, further to augment the Corps of Troops employed against the common Enemy, has charged 00 his Part the Earl of Yarmouth,

One of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Councillors, to negotiate and conclude with Baron Frederic Sigismond Waxtz de Eschen, President of the College «i Trade, and Privy Councillor, and with the Director of the Treasury of War, John Francis Kunckell, Privy Councillor of War, in the Name and on the Part of his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, an additional Article to the Treaty of Subsidy, concluded the 1 oth of the Month of April 1793; which Ministers Plenipotentiary, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed as follows:

Additional Article.

His Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassd, in order to give His Britannick Majesty a new Proof of his Eagerness to comply with His Desires, engages to furnish, in the Space of Three Weeks, at the Disposal of Great Britain, a new Corps of his Troops, of Four thousand Men; viz. One Regiment of Dragoons,

One Regiment of Grenadiers, and Two Regiments of Infantry. Which Corps of Troops, whether for the Duration of the Engagement, or the Subsidy or Pay, is ceded to His Britannick Majesty by his Serene Highness, absolutely upon the same Conditions which have been stipulated for the Corps of Eight thousand Hessians, which are already in the Service and Pay of Great Britain, in virtue of the Treaty of Subsidy of the 10th of April 1793. This Article being only to be considered as an Extension of the Stipulations of the Treaty of Subsidy above-mentioned, is to be regarded as if it made a Part of it, and as if it was therein inserted Word for Word.

The Ratifications of this additional Article to the Treaty of Subsidy, given by the Two Contracting Sovereigns in good and due Form, shall be exchanged at Manheim by their respective Ministers in the Space of Three Weeks, computing from the day of the Signature, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, we Plenipotentiaries, furnished with full Powers from His Britannick Majesty, and from his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, have signed the present additional Article, and thereto set the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Maykammer, near Edinghofen, the Head Quarters of his Majesty the King of Pt'ussia, the 23d of the month of August, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

(l. 8.) Yarmouth.

(l. s.) Frederick Sigismond B. Waitz cT Eschen.

(l. s.) Jean Francois Kunckell.

TRANSLATION of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed at London, the 30th of August 1793.

His Majesty the Emperor, and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, finding themselves equally engaged in a War with France, and desiring to act

conjointly

8

21" Januaru.

A. 1794.

Conjointly and with Vigour, in order to provide by that Means for the common Interests of their Dominions, as well as for the general Tranquillity of have determined to establish with each other a perfect and confidential Concert and Co-operation in every Thing which may relate to that War. Their Majesties have therefore named for that Purpose their respective Ministers; to wit, His Majesty the Emperor, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Lewis Count of Starhemberg, Count of the Holy Roman Empire, his actual Chamberlain, and his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the King of Great Britain; and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord William Wyndham, Baron Grenville of Wotton, One of

His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

There shall be, upon all Points relative to the present War, the most perfect Concert, and the most intimate Confidence between the Two High Contracting Parties; and they mutually engage to employ their Forces, as far as Circumstances shall permit, in the most efficacious Manner, and to concert together upon all Military Operations, in order to annoy the Enemy, and to contribute to the Advantage of the common Cause.

Article II.

Their said Majesties reciprocally engage to shut their Ports against French Vessels, not to permit, in any Instance, Warlike or Naval Stores, Corn, Grain, Salted Meat, or other Provisions, to be exported from their said Ports for France, and to take all other Means in their Power to annoy the Commerce of France, and thereby to reduce her to just Conditions of Peace.

Article III.

Their Majesties engage to unite all their Efforts to prevent other Powers, who shall not take Part in this War, from giving, on this Occasion of common Interest to every civilized State, any Protection whatever, direct or indirect, in consequence of their Neutrality, to the Commerce or to the Property of the French, at Sea, or in the Ports of France.

Article IV.

Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties reciprocally promise not to lay down their Arms (unless by common Consent) without having obtained the Restitution of all the Dominions, Territories, Towns, or Places, which may have belonged to either of them before the commencement of the War, and which thp Enemy may have taken during the Course of Hostilities, or which may likewise have belonged to such of the Powers, Friends or Allies of their said Majesties, to whom they shall judge proper, by common Consent, to extend this Guaranty.

Article V.

If either of the Two High Contracting Parties should e attacked, molested or disturbed in His Dominions, Rights, Possessions, or Interests, at any Time or in any Manner whatever, by Land or by Sea, in . consequence and in hatred of the Articles or Stipulations contained in the present Convention, or of the Measures to be taken by the said High Contracting Parties in virtue of this Convention, the other Contracting Party engages to assist Him, and to make common Cause with Him in the Manner stipulated in the preceding Articles.

Article VI.

His Majesty the Emperor, and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, engage to ratify the present

Convention, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner if it cah be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature.

In Witness whereof, we, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries of their respective Majesties, have signed the present Convention, and have affixed thereto the Seals of our Arml

Done at London, the 30th day of August, in the Year 1794.

Louis Comte de Starhemberg. (l. s.) Grenville, (l. s.)

TRANSLATION of the Treaty between His Treaty with Majesty and the Margrave of Baden, signed ^atlen-at Carlsruhe, the 21st of September 1793.

Be it known to those whpm it may concern, That His Majesty the King of Great Britain, being desirous of taking into His* Service a Corps of the Troops of his Serene Highness the Margrave of Baden, to be employed in the present War against France, and his Serene Highness being disposed, as a Proof of his Attachment to His said Majesty, to furnish a Corps of his said Troops, His Britannick Majesty has thought proper to nominate on his Part, as His Minister Plenipotentiary,

Francis Earl of Yarmouth, One of His said Majesty's Most honourable Privy Councillors, and His Serene Highness has nominated on his Side, for the same Purpose, the Baron of Gailing, Minister of State, and President of the Chamber of Finance; who, being furnished writh the necessary full Powers, have agreed to take for Basis of the present Treaty, the Treaty concluded at Cassel, the Tenth Day of April last, between His Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel: In consequence it is agreed, that his Highness the Margrave of Baden shall enjoy proportionally for his Corps of Troops, all the Advantages granted to his Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, as well in the said Treaty, as in the secret Articles, in case there should be any; that every Thing which shall not be determined by the following Articles in a precise Manner, shall be restated in future according to the Principles of Equity and good Faith which have conducted the Whole of the present Negociation; and the said Plenipotentiaries have agreed accordingly upon the following Articles:

Article I.

There shall be therefore, in virtue of this Treaty, between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Serene Highness the Margrave of Baden, their Successors and Heirs, a strict Friendship, and a sincere, firm, and constant Union, so that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own, and shall strive to promote them with good Faith, as much as possible, and mutually to prevent and remove all Disturbance and Injury.

Article II.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, desiring to secure for His Service a Body of the Troops of the Serene Margrave, and his Serene Highness w ishing for nothing more than to give the King real Proofs of his strong Attachment for His Majesty, and of his Desire to co-operate, as much as lies in his Power, towards the common Object of the present War against France, engages by virtue of this Article to keep in Readiness for this Purpose, during the space of Three successive Years, reckoning from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, a Body of Seven hundred and Fifty-four Men, including Officers, according to the Specification hereunto annexed. This Corps shall be completely equipped, furnished with Tents, and all necessary Equipage, and shall be put upon the best possible Footing, and none be admitted into it but disciplined Men, and capable of serving immediately, acknowledged as such by the Commissary of His

34 Geo. III. 21°

9

tannick Majesty. As in the present Circumstances there is no Time to be lost, the above-mentioned Plenipotentiaries have agreed that the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty shall be deemed to be also the Period of the Requisition for the March of the Troops above-mentioned; and that the said Troops shall be in readiness to pass in Review before the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty on the Tenth of the Month of October 1793, and shall be ready to begin their March on the following Day for the Place of their Destination. These Troops shall not be separated unless the Course of the War should require it, but shall continue under the Orders of their Baden Chiefs, under the Command, however, of the General to whom His Britannick Majesty shall entrust that of His whole Army.

Article III.

Each Battalion of Infantry of this Corps of Troops shall be provided with Two Field Pieces, and the Officers, Cannoneers, and other Men and Equipage attached to them.

Article IV.

In order to defray the Expences to which the Serene Margrave shall be put, by equipping the above-mentioned Corps of Seven hundred and Fifty-four Men, His Majesty the King of Great Britain promises to pay to his Serene Highness for each Horseman or Dragoon properly armed and mounted Eighty Crowns and for each Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns Banco. This Levy Money shall be paid in Fifteen Days after the Signature of the present Treaty.

Article V.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding Article, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid to the Serene Margrave, during the Three Years that this Treaty shall last, an Annual Subsidy. This Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty, and it shall be paid at the Rate of Twenty-one thousand Two hundred and Sixteen Crowns Banco, per Annum, the Crown being reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of Holland, or at Four and Nine Pence Three Farthings English

the said Troops shall be sent back by His Britannick Majesty, from the Day of their Return into the Margraviate of Baden till the Expiration of the Treaty, the Subsidy shall be continued upon the same Footing of Twenty-one thousand Two hundred and Sixteen Crowns, Banco, per Annum. The Payment of tills Subsidy shall be regularly made without any Deduction, and Quarterly, in the Town of into

the Military Treasury of the Serene Margrave authorized to receive it; and in case that, on either Side it should be judged expedient that the Number of the Corps of Troops should exceed Seven hundred and Fifty-four, the Subsidy shall be proportionably augmented, unless it shall be otherwise-agreed upon. His Majesty shall continue equally to this Corps, the Pay and other Emoluments during the Remainder of the Month in which it shall repass the Frontiers of the Margraviate of Baden, and arrive in the Territories of his Serene Highness.

Article VI.

With regard to what relates to the Pay and Allowances, both ordinary and extraordinary, of the said Troops, during the Time that they shall be actually in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed that, as long as they shall serve in the Empire they shall enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments which His Majesty grants to His German Troops, according to the effective Establishment of the said Corps of Troops at the Time of their being delivered, which shall be verified by a List signed by the respective Ministers of the High Contracting Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it were inserted Word for Word in the present Treaty. Vot. 49.

Shillings

Money.

WThen

During the Time that they shall be employed in thd Low Countries, they shall be treated in the above-mentioned Respect upon the Footing of Dutch Troops; it being understood that in both Cases, that is to say, in that of the German Pay, as well as in that of the Dutch, the Allowances shall not be inferior to what was granted in former Wars to the Hessian Troops: And, if the Nature of the War should require that those Troops should serve in different Countries upon the Continent of Europe from those above-mentioned, they shall in that Case be put, in every Respect, on the same Footing with the most favoured of His Majesty's Auxiliary Troops.

All these Allowances for those Troops shall be paid into the Military Treasury of his Serene Highness, without any Abatement or Diminution, in order to be distributed.

Article VII.

If it should unfortunately happen that some Companies of the Corps above-mentioned, should, by any Accidents, be wholly or partially ruined or destroyed, or that the Pieces of Artillery or other Effects with which it may be provided should be taken by the Enemy, His Majesty the King of Great Britain will pay the Expences of the necessary Recruits and Remounting, as also the Value of the said Field Pieces and Effects, in order speedily to restore the Artillery, Regiment, or Companies to their former State; and those Recruits shall likewise be put upon the same Footing as those of the Troops furnished to His Majesty by his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, by the Treaty of Subsidy signed at Cassel the Tenth of the Month of April of the present Year; so that the Corps of his Serene Highness the Margrave of Baden may be always preserved and sent back hereafter in as good a State as that in which it was delivered; and the Recruits annually necessary shall be delivered to the Commissary, disciplined and completely equipped, at the Place of their Destination, at the Time which His Britannick Majesty shall appoint.

Article VIII.

It will depend upon His Britannick Majesty to retain this Corps of Troops in His Service all the Time of the Duration of this Treaty, to make use of them in any part of Europe where He may have Occasion for them, provided it be not on board the Fleet, from the Time of its quitting the Territories of the Serene Margrave; and when His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall think proper to send back the said Troops, He shall give Three Months previous Notice to his Serene Highness, and shall make him an Allowance of a Month's Pay for their Return, furnishing them also with the necessary Means of Transport, gratis.

Article IX.

His Britannick Majesty promises to attend, as much as possible, to the Safety of the Dominions and Possessions of his Serene Highness, and to direct the Military Operations, as much as Circumstances may permit, in such Manner that the Country of his Serene Highness may be covered and spared as much as possible. If, however, notwithstanding the Precautions which shall be taken with that View, the Country of his Serene Highness should be invaded by the Enemy, on Account of the present Treaty, His Britannick Majesty shall endeavour to procure to the Country of his Highness the Margrave an Indemnification proportionable to the Loss occasioned by the Invasion.

Article X.

The Sick of the said Baden Corps shall remain under the Care of their own Physicians, Surgeons, and other Persons appointed for that Purpose, under the Command of the Colonel commanding the Corps of Troops; and every Thing shall be granted to them which His Majesty grants to His own Troops.

D Article

10

A. 17.04.

21° Janua

Article XI.

All Deserters from the said Baden Corps shall be faithfully restored, as often as they shall be discovered in Places dependent upon His Britannick Majesty.

Article XII.

It is agreed, that at the Review to be made in Spring, at the Beginning of the Campaign, by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty, the Corps ought to be complete, or the Pay of those wanting to complete shall be retained; on the other Hand, the Pay of those who may be wanting from one Spring Review to the next, shall not be retained, but shall be allowed without Abatement, as if they were complete; and, instead of what was formerly paid for recruiting, in the room of One killed or Three wounded, it is agreed, that without Distinction each Man furnished shall be paid for at the Rate of Twelve Crowns Banco a Head, under the express Condition, however, that what is here agreed on shall only regard the Recruiting which is referred to in this Article.

Article XIII.

All the Expences of Transport for the Troops, as well for the Men as for their Effects, shall be defrayed by His Britannick Majesty.

Article XIV.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed, authorized by full Power, from His Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Side, and of His Serene Highness the Reigning Margrave of Baden on the other, have signed the present Treaty, and have thereto put the Sews of our Arms.

Done at Carlsruhe, the Twenty-first Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

(l. Yarmouth.

(l. s.) Baron de

COPY of the Treaty between His Majesty and "* the Queen of Portugal, signed at London, the

26th of September 1793.

Their Britannick and most Faithful Majesties having resolved, in consideration of the present Circumstances of Europe, to substantiate, by Means of a Treaty adapted to those Circumstances, their intimate and mutual Confidence, as well as the Friendship and good Understanding which have been so happily established between their august Predecessors, and which they are always desirous more and more to confirm and improve, have named for that Purpose; viz. His Britannick Majesty, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord William Wyndham Baron Grenville of Wotton, One of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs, and her most Faithful Majesty, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Don John de Mello e Castro, Member of the Council of Her most Faithful Majesty, and Councillor in her Council of Finances, Knight of the Order of Christ, Commander of Port Ancho in the Order of Saint James, and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from her most Faithful Majesty to His Britannick Majesty; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

Their Britannick and most Faithful Majesties will employ their utmost Attention to re-establish the Pub-

lic Tranquillity upon solid and permanent Foundations, and to maintain their common Interests and the Security of their respective Dominions: And their Majesties engage to act in Concert and in the most intimate Confidence for the Accomplishment of these salutary Ends.

Article II.

The Persons who have exercised the Powers of Government in France, having declared against His Britannick Majesty an unjust and unprovoked War, her most Faithful Majesty confirms the Obligation which Portugal has contracted by former Treaties, for concurring in mutual Defence, and engages to famish, as an auxiliary Power and Ally of His Britannick Majesty, all the Succours which shall be compatible with her own' Situation and Security, in order that they may act at the absolute disposal of His Britannick Majesty.

Article III.

In consequence of what is stipulated in the preceding Article, and in order that the Portuguese and British Vessels may be mutually protected during the present War, as well in their Navigation as in the Ports of the Two High Contracting Parties, their Britannick and most Faithful Majesties have stipulated and agreed with each other that their Squadrons and Ships of War shall convoy, without Distinction, the Trading Vessels of the Two Nations in the same Manner as is established for those of their own Nations, as far as Circumstances may permit: and that both their Ships of War and Trading Vessels shall be admitted and protected in their respective Ports, and shall be furnished with all the Succours of which they may stand in need at the current Prices of the Country.

Article IV.

Her most Faithful Majesty promises to shut all her Ports against the French Ships of War and Privateers during all the Time that France shall be at War with His Britannick Majesty; her most Faithful Majesty will prohibit her Subjects from exporting from her said Ports for those of France, or from carrying to the Ports of France from any other Port whatsoever, any Military or Naval Stores, or even Corn, Salted Meat, or any other Provisions; her said Majesty also engages not to give, nor permit to her subjects to give, any Protection whatsoever, either directly or indirectly to the Trade or Property of the French, on the Sea or in the Ports of France; and will take, in consequence of what is declared in this Article, the most severe Measures in order to maintain the above-mentioned Prohibition in its full. Force.

Article V.

If either of the High Contracting Parties should be attacked, molested, or disturbed in any of their Dominions, Rights, Possessions, or Interests, at any Time or in any Manner whatsoever, by Sea or Land, in consequence or in hatred of the Articles or Stipulations contained in the present Treaty, or of the Measures to be taken by the said Contracting Parties in virtue of this Treaty, the other Contracting Party engages to assist, and to make common Cause, in the Manner stipur lated by the aforesaid Articles.

Article VI,

Their Majesties, in consequence of the Stipulation* of the Treaties now subsisting between them, as well as of those contained in this Treaty, mutually engage, that in case during the present War, either for the Reason above-mentioned or for any other Cause, France should attack the Dominions of her most Faithful Majesty, or her Ships of War or Trading Vessels, or should commit any Hostilities whatever, they will not only make common Cause in the said War, and afford to each other all possible Succours, conformably to the said Treaties, but also that during the said ,i ' War

34 Geo. III. 610 Januarii.

11

Treaty with Darmstadt.

War they will shut their Ports to all French Ships whatsoever; and that they will not lay down their Arms (unless by common Consent) without having obtained a due Satisfaction a9 well as Restitution of all the Dominions, Territories, Islands, or Possessions which shall have belonged to either Power before the Commencement of the War, and of which the Enemy may have taken Possession during the Course of Hostilities.

Article VII.

Their Britannick and most Faithful Majesties engage to ratify the present Treaty, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in the Space of Six Weeks, to be computed from the Day of the Signature, or sooner if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, we, the undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary of their Britannick and most Faithful Majesties, have signed the present Treaty, and have caused to be affixed thereto the Seals of our Arms.

nished with Tents and all necessary Equipage, and shall be put upon the best possible Footing, ana none shall be admitted into it but disciplined Men, and capable of serving immediately, acknowledged as such by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty. As in the present Circumstances there is no Time to be lost, the above-mentioned Plenipotentiaries have agreed that the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty shall be deemed to be also the Period of the Requisition for the March of the Troops above-mentioned; and that the said Troops shall be in readiness to pass in Review before the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty on the Seventeenth of October of the present Year, and to begin its March the following Day for the Place of its Destination. These Troops shall not be separated unless the Course of the War should require it, but shall continue under the Orders of their Hessian Chief, under the Command, however, of the General to whom His Britannick Majesty shall entrust that of His whole Army.

Article III.

Done at London, the Twenty-sixth Day of September 1793.

D. Joat de Almeida de Mello e Castro, (l. s.)

Grenville. (l. s.)

TRANSLATION of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Darmstadt, signed at Langen Candel, the 5th of October 1793.

Be it known to those whom it may concern, that His Majesty the King of Great Britain, being desirous of taking into His Service a Corps of the Troops erf his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, to be employed in the present War against France, and his Serene Highness being disposed, as a Proof of his Attachment to His said Majesty, to furnish a Corps of his said Troops, His Britannick Majesty has thought proper to nominate on His Part, as His Minister Plenipotentiary, Francis Earl of Yarmouth, One of His said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; and his Serene Highness has nominated on his Side for the same Purpose Count Francis de Jenison Walworth, Knight of Malta, Marshal of his Court, and Colonel of Cavalry, and George William Panzebieter, his Councillor of the Chamber; who, being furnished with the necessary full Powers, have agreed to take for Basis of the present Treaty, the Treaty concluded at Cassel the 10th of April last, between His Britannick Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel; and the said Plenipotentiaries have agreed in consequence upon the following Articles:

Article I.

There shall be therefore, in virtue of this Treaty, between His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, their Successors and Heirs, a strict Friendship, under a sincere, firm, and constant Union, so that the one shall consider the-Interests of the other as his own, and shall strive to promote them with good Faith, as much as possible, and mutually to prevent and remove all Disturbance and Injury.

Article II.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, desiring to secure for His Service in Europe a Body of the Troops of the Serene Landgrave, and his Serene Highness wishing for nothing more than to give the King real Proofs of his strong Attachment for His Majesty, enrages, by virtue of this Article, to keep in readiness for this Purpose, during the Space of Three successive Years, reckoning from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, a Body of Three Thousand Men, including Officers, according to the Specification hereunto annexed: This Corps shall be completely equipped, fur-

Vol. 49.

Each Battalion of Infantry of this Corps of Troops shall be provided with Two Field Pieces, and the Officers, Cannoneers, and other Men and Equipage attached to them.

Article IV.

In order to defray the Expences to which the Serene Landgrave shall be put by equipping the above-mentioned Corps of Three Thousand Men, His Majesty the King of Great Britain promises to pay to his Serene Highness, for each Horseman or Dragoon properly armed and mounted, Eighty Crowns Banco, and for each Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns Banco: This Levy Money shall be paid in Fifteen Days alter the Signature of the present Treaty.

Article V.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding Article, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid to the Serene Landgrave, an Annual Subsidy during the Three Years that this Treaty shall last. This Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty, and it shall be paid at the Rate of Eighty-four thousand Three hundred and Seventy-five Crowns Banco, per Annum, the Crown being reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of Holland, or at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings English Money.

When the said Troops shall be sent back by His Britannick Majesty, from the Day of their Return into the Territories of the Serene Landgrave till the Expiration of the Treaty, the Subsidy shall be continued upon the same Footing of Eighty-four Thousand Three hundred and Seventy Crowns Banco, per Annum: The Payment of this Subsidy shall be regularly made without any Deduction, and Quarterly, in the Town of Darmstadt, into the Military Treasury of the Serene Landgrave authorized to receive it; and in case that, on either Side, it should be judged expedient that the Number of the Corps of Troops should exceed Three Thousand, the Subsidy shall be proportionably augmented, unless it shall be otherwise agreed upon: His Majesty shall continue equally to this Corps the Pay and other Emoluments during the Remainder of the Month in which it shall repass the Frontiers of Darmstadt, and arrive in the Territories of his Serene Highness.

Article VI.

With regard to what relates to the Pay and Allowances, both ordinary and extraordinary, of the said Troops during the Time that they shall be actually in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed that as long as they shall serve in the Empire they shall enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments which His Majesty grants to His German Troops, according to the effective Establishment, of the said Corps at the Time of their being delivered, which shall be verified by a List

signed

12 21 0 Januarii.A. 1794.

signed by the respective Ministers of the High Contracting 'Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it were inserted Word for Word in the present Treaty. During the Time that they shall be employed in the Low Countries, they shall be treated in the above-tioned Respect upon the Footing of Dutch Troops; it being understood that in both Cases, that is to say, in that of the German Pay as well as in that of the Dutch, the Allowances shall not be inferior to what was granted in former Wars to the Troops of Hesse Cassel; and, if the Nature of the War should require that those Troops should serve in different Countries upon the Continent of Europe from those above-mentioned, they shall, in that Case, be put in every Respect on the same Footing with the most favoured of His Majesty Auxiliary Troops.

If it shall happen that they should be employed in Great Britain or in Ireland, as soon as the Notification, in such Case, shall be made to the Serene Landgrave, they shall be put on the same Footing in every Respect as His Majesty's British Troops.

All these Allowances for those Troops shall be paid into the General Treasury of his Serene Highness, without any Abatement or Diminution, in order to be distributed.

Article VII.

If it should unfortunately happen that some Regiments or Companies of the Corps above-mentioned should, by any Accidents, be wholly or partially ruined or destroyed, or that the Pieces of Artillery or other Effects, with which it may be provided, should be taken "by the Enemy, His Majesty the King of Great Britain will pay the Expenses of the necessary Recruits and Remounting, as also the Value of the said Field Pieces and Effects, in order speedily to restore the Artillery, Regiments, or Companies to their former State; and those Recruits shall be put upon the same Footing as those of the Troops furnished to His Majesty by his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, by the Treaty of Subsidy signed at Cassel the Tenth of the Month of April of the present Year, in order that the Corps of his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Darmstadt may be always preserved and sent back hereafter in as good a State as that in which it was delivered; and the Recruits Annually necessary shall be delivered to the English Commissary, disciplined and completely equipped, at the Place of their Destination, at the Time which His Britannick Majesty shall appoint.

Article VIII.

tt will depend upon His Britannick Majesty to retain this Corps of Troops in His Service all the Time of the Duration of this Treaty, to make use of them in any Part of Europe where He may have Occasion for them, provided it lie not on board the Fleet, from the Time of its quitting the Territories of the Serene Landgrave; and when His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall think proper to send back the said Troops He shall give Three Months previous Notice to his Serene Highness, and shall make him an Allowance of a Month's Pay for their Return, furnishing them also with the necessary Means of Transport gratis.

Article IX.

His Britannick Majesty promises to attend, as much as possible, to the Safety of the Dominions and Possessions of his Serene Highness, and to direct the Military Operations, as much as Circumstances may permit, in such Manner that the Country of his Serene Highness may be covered and spared as much as possible. If however, notwithstanding the Precautions which shall be taken with that View, the Country of his Serene Highness should be invaded by the Enemy, on Account of the present Treaty, His Britannick Majesty shall endeavour to procure to the Country of his Highness the Landgrave, an Indemnification proportionable to the Loss occasioned by the Invasion.

Article X.

The Sick of the said Hessian Corps shall remain under the Care of their own Physicians, Surgeons, and other Persons appointed for that Purpose, under the Command of the General commanding the Corps of Troops, and every Thing shall be granted to them which His Majesty grants to His own Troops.

Article XI.

All Deserters from the said Hessian Corps shall be faithfully restored, as often as they shall bp discovered in Places dependent upon His Britannick Majesty.

Article XII.

It is agreed, that at the Review to be made in Spring, at the Beginning of a Campaign, by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty, the Corps ought to be complete, or the Pay of those wanting to complete shall be retained; on the other Hand, the Pay of those who may be wanting from one Spring Review to the next, shall not be retained, but shall be allowed without Abatement, as if they were complete; and, instead of what was formerly paid in similar Cases for recruiting, in the Room of One killed or Three wounded, it is agreed, that each Man furnished shall be paid for without Distinction at the Rate of Twelve Crowns Banco a Head, under the express Condition, however, that what is here agreed on shall only regard the Recruiting which is referred to in this Article.

Article XIII.

All the Expenses of Transport for the Troops, as well for the Men as for their Effects, shall be defrayed by His Britannick Majesty.

Article XIV.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Witness whereof, we, the undersigned, authorized by full Powers from His Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Side, and of his Serene Highness the Reigning Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt on the other, have signed the present Treaty, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Langen Candel the 5th day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Yarmouth. (l. s.)

Jenison Walworth. (l. s.)

George Guillaume Panzerbieter. (l. s.)

TRANSLATION of the Declaration published by His Majesty's Order, 20th October 1793.

DECLARATION.

The Circumstances, in consequence of which His Majesty has found Himself engaged in a defensive War against France, are known already to all Europe.' The Objects which His Majesty has proposed to Himself, from the Commencement of the War, are of equal Notoriety. To repel an unprovoked Aggression, to contribute to the immediate Defence of His Allies, to obtain for them and for Himself a just Indemnification, and to provide, as far as Circumstances will allow, for the future Security of His own Subjects, and of all the other Nations of Europe; these are the Points for which His Majesty has felt it incumbent on Him to employ all the Means which He derives from the Resources of His Dominions, from the Zeal and Affection of His People, and from the unquestionable Justice of His Cause.

But

Declaration of His Majesty respecting the War.

13

34 Geo. III. 21°

But it has become Daily more and more evident, how much the internal Situation of France obstructs the Conclusion of a solid and permanent Treaty, which can alone fulfil His Majesty's just and salutary Views for the Accomplishment of these important Objects, and for restoring the general Tranquillity of Europe, His Majesty sees, therefore, with the utmost Satisfaction, the Prospect, which the present Circumstances afford Him, of accelerating the Return of Peace, by making, to the well-disposed Part of the People of France, a more particular Declaration of the Principles which animate Him, of the Objects to which His Views are directed, and of the Conduct which it is His Intention to pursue. With respect to the present Situation of Affairs, the Events of the War, the Confidence reposed in Him by One of the most considerable Cities of France, and above all, the Wish which is manifested almost universally in that Country, to find a Refuge from the Tyranny by which it is now overwhelmed, render this Explanation on His Majesty's Part a pressing and indispensable Duty: And His Majesty feels additional Satisfaction in making such a Declaration, from the Hope of finding, in the other Powers engaged with him in the common Cause, Sentiments and Views perfectly conformable to His own.

From the first Period when his Most Christian Majesty, Louis the Sixteenth, had called his People around him, to join in concerting Measures for their common Happiness, the King has uniformly shewn by His Conduct the Sincerity of His Wishes for the Success of so difficult, but at the same Time so interesting an Undertaking. His Majesty was deeply afflicted with all the Misfortunes which ensued; but particularly when He perceived more and more evidently, that Measures, the Consequences of which He could not disguise from Himself, must finally compel Him to relinquish the friendly and pacific System which He had adopted. The Moment at length arrived, when His Majesty saw that it was necessary for Him, not only to defend His own Rights and those of His Allies, not only to repel the unjust Aggression which He had recently experienced, but that all the dearest Interests of His People imposed upon Him a Duty still more important, that of exerting His Efforts for the Preservation of Civil Society itself, as happily established among the Nations of Europe.

The Designs which had been professed of reforming the Abuses of the Government of France, of establishing personal Liberty and the Rights of Property on a solid Foundation, of securing to an extensive and populous Country the Benefit of a wise Legislation, and an equitable and mild Administration of its Laws; all these salutary Views have unfortunately vanished. In their Place has succeeded a System destructive of all Public Order, maintained by Proscriptions, Exiles, and Confiscations without Number; by arbitrary Imprisonments; by Massacres, which cannot be remembered without Horror; and, at length, by the execrable Murder of a just and benificent Sovereign, and of the illustrious Princess, who, with an unshaken Firmness, has shared all the Misfortunes of Her Royal Consort, his protracted Sufferings, his cruel Captivity, his ignominious Death. The Inhabitants of that unfortunate Country, so long flattered by Promises of Happiness, renewed at the Period of every fresh Crime, have found themselves plunged into an Abyss of unexampled Calamities; and neighbouring Nations, instead of deriving a new Security for the Maintenance of general Tranquillity from the Establishment of a wise and moderate Government, have been exposed to the repeated Attacks of a ferocious Anarchy, the natural and necessary Enemy of all Public Order. They have had to encounter Acts of Aggression without Pretext, open Violations of all Treaties, unprovoked Declarations of War; in a Word, whatever Corruption, Vol. 49.

Intrigue, or Violence could effect, for the Purpose so openly avowed, of subverting all the Institutions of Society, and of extending over all the Nations of Europe that Confusion which has produced the Misery of France.

This State of Things cannot exist in France; without involving all the surrounding Powers in one common Danger; without giving them the Right, without imposing it upon them as a Duty, to stop the Progress of an Evil, which exists only by the successive Violation of all Law and all Property, and which attacks the fundamental Principles by which Mankind is united in the Bonds of Civil Society. His Majesty by no Means disputes the Right of France to reform its Laws. It never would have been His Wish to employ the Influence of external Force with respect to the particular Forms of Government to be established in an independent Country. Neither has He now that Wish, except in so far as such Interference is become essential to the Security and Repose of other Powers. Under these Circumstances He demands from France, and He demands with Justice, the Termination of a System of Anarchy, which has no Force but for the Purposes of Mischief, unable to discharge the primary Duty of all Government, to repress the Disorders, or to punish the Crimes which are Daily increasing in the Interior of the Country, but disposing arbitrarily of the Property and Blood of the Inhabitants of France, in order to disturb the Tranquillity of other Nations, and to render all Europe the Theatre of the same Crimes and of the same misfortunes. The King demands, that some legitimate and stable Government should be established, founded on the acknowledged Principles of universal Justice, and capable of maintaining with other Powers the accustomed Relations of Union and Peace. His Majesty wishes ardently to be enabled to treat for the Re-establishment of general Tranquillity with such a Government, exercising a legal and permanent Authority, animated with the Wish for general Tranquillity, and possessing Power to enforce the Observance of its Engagements. The King would propose none other than equitable and moderate Conditions, not such as the Expences, the Risques, and the Sacrifices of the War ought justify, but such as His Majesty thinks Himself under the indispensable Necessity of requiring with a View to these Considerations, and still more to that of His own Security, and of the future Tranquillity of Europe. His Majesty desires nothing more sincerely than thus to terminate a War, which He, in vain, endeavoured to avoid; and all the Calamities of which, as now experienced by France, are to be attributed only to the Ambition, the Perfidy, and the Violence of those, whose Crimes have involved their own Country in Misery, and disgraced all civilized Nations.

As His Majesty has hitherto been compelled to carry on War against the People of France collectively, to treat as Enemies all those who suffer their Property and Blood to be lavished in Support of an unjust Aggression, His Majesty would see with infinite Satisfaction the Opportunity of making Exceptions in Favour of the well-disposed Inhabitants of other Parts of France, as He has already done with respect to those of Toulon. The King promises, on His pkrt, the Suspension of Hostilities, Friendship, and (as far as the Course of Events will allow, of which the Will of Man cannot dispose) Security and Protection to all those who, by declaring for a Monarchical Government, shall shake off the Yoke of a sanguinary Anarchy, of that Anarchy which has broken all the most sacred Bonds of Society, dissolved all the Relations of civil Life, violated every Right, confounded every Duty; which uses the Name of Liberty to exercise the most cruel Tyranny, to annihilate all Property, to seize on all Possessions; which founds its Power on the pretended Consent of the People, and itself carries Fire and Sword through extensive E Provinces,

Declaration published al Toulon.

14 21° Januam. A. 1794.

Provinces, for having demanded their Laws, their Religion, and their lawful Sovereign.

It is then, in order to deliver themselves from this unheard-of Oppression, to put an End to a System of unparalleled Crimes, and to restore at length Tranquillity to France, and Security to all Europe, that His Majesty invites the Co-operation of the People of France. It is for these Objects that He calls upon them to join the Standard of an Hereditary Monarchy; not for the Purpose of deciding, in this Moment of Disorder, Calamity, and Public Danger, on all the Modifications of which this Form of Government may hereafter be susceptible, but in order to unite themselves once more under the Empire of Law, of Morality, and of Religion, and to secure at length to their own Country external Peace, Domestick Tranquillity, a real and genuine Liberty, a wise, moderate, and beneficent Government, and the uninterrupted Enjoyment of all the Advantages which can contribute to the Happiness and Prosperity of a great and powerful Nation.

Whitehall, 29th October 1793.

TRANSLATION of the Declaration published in the King's Name, and by His Majesty's Order, by their Excellencies Vice Admiral Lord Hood, the Right Honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Lieutenant General O'Hara, His Majesty's Commissioners Plenipotentiary at Toulon, 20th November 1793.

We, the undersigned Commissioners Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, do hereby publish, by His Order, and in His Name, the following Declaration:

His Britannick Majesty having been informed of the

Circumstances under which the Town, Harbour, and Forts of Toulon, and the Ships in the said Harbour, have been entrusted to Vice Admiral Lord Hood, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels in the Mediterranean, and of the Declaration and Proclamations published by the said Vice Admiral, as well as of the Declaration made to him on the Part of the Inhabitants and People of Toulon, has thought fit, for the entire Satisfaction of the said Inhabitants and People, and for the further Explanation of His Royal Intentions, to declare as follows:

I. When Monarchy shall be re-established in France, and a Treaty of Peace shall be made and concluded, stipulating, in Favour of His Majesty and His Allies, the Restitution of all Conquests made by France during the War, and a just Indemnification for the Losses ana Expenses thereby incurred, and a proper Security for the future, His Majesty will restore the Town, Harbour, and Forts of Toulon, together with the Ships and Stores therein, according to the Engagement entered into for that Purpose by the said Vice Admiral.

II. His Majesty has given Directions, that the most effectual Measures shall be taken for the Protection of the Persons and Property of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and for procuring them the Supplies of Provisions, and other Articles of which they may stand in need; and His Majesty is also pleased to approve of continuing all Persons who held Civil or Military Employments in their respective Places and Occupations, as far as Circumstances, and the Good of the common Cause, w ill permit.

III. His Majesty will do every Thing in His Power, and in Concert with His Allies, to repel any Attacks which may be made against Toulon, and to extend His Protection to all those who may be desirous to have Recourse to it, under proper Conditions.

IV. His Majesty ardently wishes the Happiness of France, but by no Means desires, on that Account, to prescribe the Form of its Government. The King claims the Right of taking a Part, only because the Anarchy which now desolates that Country threatens the Tranquillity of His own Subjects, and that of the other Powers of Europe, whose Peace and Safety materially depend on the Re-establishment of Order in France, and of a regular System, which may hold out to them a secure Ground of Negotiation and Friendship: And His Majesty does not hesitate to declare, that the Reestablishment of Monarchy, in the Person of Louis the Seventeenth, and the lawful Heirs of the Crown, appears to Him the best Mode of accomplishing these just and salutary Views. This Form of Government has not only prevailed in France from the earliest Times, but being capable of such Limitations as may suit the respective Circumstances of different Nations, has been proved by Experience to be the best adapted in great Countries, to unite the Advantages of Security and Order with real Liberty.

Such a System, subject to the wise Modifications which may hereafter be made therein, in a regular and legal Manner, when Tranquillity shall have been restored in France, would afford to His Majesty the best and most pleasing Prospect of terminating the Evils and Miseries now endured by the French Nation, and of the Renewal of a regular and amicable Intercourse between that Country and other States.

It is to the Attainment of this important Object that all His Majesty's Measures will be directed; and His Protection and Assistance will be extended, as far as Circumstances will admit, to all those who manifest their Desire to concur in so salutary a Work.

(Signed) Hood.

Gilbert Elliot.

Charles O'Hara.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Address on Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, SoewdL for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that the Circumstances under which we are assembled will not fail to command our most serious Attention, as we are sensible that, on the Issue of the Contest in which we are engaged, depend the Maintenance of our Constitution, Laws, and Religion, and the Security of all Civil Society:

That we have observed, with Satisfaction, the Advantages which have been obtained by the Arms of the Allied Powers in different Parts of Europe, and the Change which has taken Place in the general Situation of Affairs upon the Continent since the Commencement of the War; and that we must, in a particular Manner, congratulate His Majesty on the valuable Possessions which have been acquired from the Enemy; on the undisputed Superiority at Sea, which has enabled His Majesty to afford such effectual Protection to the Commerce of His Subjects; and on the important and decisive Blow which has been given to the Naval Power of His Enemies, under Circumstances which reflect the highest Honour upon the Conduct, Abilities, and Spirit, of His Majesty's Commanders, Officers, and Forces, both by Sea and Land:

That the System from which our Enemies have derived the Means of temporary Exertion, founded as it is upon the Violation of every Principle of Justice, Humanity, and Religion, evidently productive of internal Discontent and Confusion in France, and tending

34 Geo. III. 21° Januarii. 15

ing rapidly to exhaust the natural and real Strength of that Country, appears to prove, in the strongest Manner, the Necessity of Vigour and Perseverance on our Part, and to afford in itself a just Expectation of ultimate Success:

That we must undoubtedly join with His Majesty in regretting the necessary Continuance of the War; but that we are persuaded, that it would be inconsistent with the essential Interests of His Majesty's Subjects to look to Restoration of Peace on any Grounds but such as may provide for their permanent Safety, and for the Independence and Security of Europe; and it is impossible for us not to perceive, that the Attainment of these Ends is obstructed by the Prevalence of a System in France, equally incompatible with the Happiness of that Country, and with the Tranquillity of all other Nations:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Declaration which His Majesty has thought proper to issue, and also of the several Conventions and Treaties which His Majesty has concluded:

That we most cordially rejoice that His Majesty has so much Reason to reflect with Satisfaction on the steady Loyalty and firm Attachment to the established Constitution and Government, which, notwithstanding the continued Efforts employed to mislead and to seduce, have been so generally prevalent amongst all Ranks of His Majesty's Subjects. That the Zeal and Alacrity of the Militia to provide for our internal Defence, and the distinguished Bravery and Spirit displayed on every Occasion by His Majesty's Forces both by Sea and Land, are the natural Result of these Sentiments, and might well be expected from a brave and free People, animated by the Example of His Majesty's illustrious Progeny, and sensible of the Value of those Blessings which it is the Object of all our Exertions to preserve:

That, although we must, at all Times, lament the Necessity of any additional Burthens, we feel it our indispensable Duty to make a speedy and ample Provision for the Public Service; and that we shall endeavour to defray those Expences which the Exigencies of the Time must require, in such a Manner as to avoid, as far as possible, any pressure, which could be severely felt by the Nation:

That His Majesty may be assured that, in all our Deliberations, we can never lose Sight of the true Grounds and Origin of the War: We have been called upon by every Motive of Duty and Self-preservation to repel an Attack made upon His Majesty and His Allies, founded upon Principles which tend to destroy all Property, to subvert the Laws and Religion of every civilized Nation, and to introduce universally that wild and destructive System of Rapine, Anarchy, and Impiety, the Effects of which, as they have already been manifested in France, furnish a dreaful, but useful, Lesson to the present Age, and to Posterity:

That we are sensible that the Discontinuance or Relaxation of our Exertions could hardly procure even a short Interval of delusive Repose, and could never terminate in Security or Peace; and we trust, that all His Majesty's Subjects, impressed with the Necessity of defending whatever is most dear to them, and relying with Confidence on the Valour and Resources of their Country, on the combined Efforts of so large a Part of Europe, and above all on the incontestible Justice of their Cause, will study to render their Conduct a Contrast to that of their Enemies; and by cultivating and practising the Principles of Humanity, and the Duties of Religion, will endeavour to merit the Continuance of the Divine Favour and Protection, which have been so eminently experienced by these Kingdoms;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " serious Atten-Vol. 49.

" tion," in the Second Paragraph, these Wofds, " To " state the Determination of this House to support " His Majesty in the Measures necessary to maintain the Honour and Independence of the Crown,

" and to provide for the Defence and Safety of the " Nation; but at the same Time to advise His Majesty " to take the earliest Means of concluding a Peaco " with the French Nation, on such Terms as it may " be reasonable and prudent for us to insist on: That,

" whenever such Terms can be obtained, we trust " that no Obstacle to the Acceptance of them will " arise from any Considerations respecting the Form " or Nature of the Government which may prevail in " France."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ye^; } 59-

Teller* for the Noe* /Sif Peter 1

lellers for the INoes, Mr John j. 277.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Resolution His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of ^or this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Speech.8 Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that the Circumstances under which we are assembled will not fail to command our most serious Attention, as we are sensible that, on the Issue of the Contest in which we are engaged, depend the Maintenance of our Constitution, Laws, and Religion, and the Security of all Civil Society:

That we have observed with Satisfaction, the Advantages which have been obtained by the Arms of the Allied Powers in different Parts of Europe, and the Change which has taken Place in the general Situation of Affairs upon the Continent since the Commencement of the War; and that we must, in a particular Manner, congratulate His Majesty on the valuable Possessions which have been acquired from the Enemy; on the undisputed Superiority at Sea, which has enabled His Majesty to afford such effectual Protection to the Commerce of His Subjects; and on the important and decisive Blow which has been given to the Naval Power of His Enemies, under Circumstances which reflect the highest Honour upon the Conduct, Abilities, and Spirit, of His Majesty's Commanders, Officers, and Forces, both by Sea and Land.

That the System from which our Enemies have derived the Means of temporary Exertion, founded as it is upon the Violation of every principle of Justice, Humanity, and Religion, evidently productive of internal Discontent and Confusion in France, and tending rapidly to exhaust the natural and real Strength of that Country, appears to prove, in the strongest Manner, the necessity of Vigour and Perseverance on our Part, and to afford in itself a just Expectation of ultimate Success:

That we must undoubtedly join with His Majesty in regretting the necessary Continuance of the War; but that we are persuaded, that it w'ould be inconsistent with the essential Interests of His Majesty's Subjects to look to Restoration of Peace on any Grounds but such as may provide for their permanent Safety, and for the Independence and Security of Europe; and it is impossible for us not to perceive, that the Attainment of these Ends is obstructed by the Prevalence of a System in France, equally incompatible with the Happiness of that Country, and with the Tranquillity of all other Nations:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Declaration which His Majesty has thought proper to issue,

and

16

21° — 22° Januarii. A. 1794.

Committee appointed to draw up Address.

King's Speech referred.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Five of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Januarii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIItil Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Norwich and Land Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants, of the Aylaham County of and City of Norwich, was presented Roads Pe-

Blessings which it is the Object of all our Exertions to to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High- UUon-preserve: ways and public Roads leading from Saint Augustine's

That, although we must, at all Times, lament the Gates, in the City and County of the City of Norwich,

Necessity of any additional Burthens, we feel it our in- to the Dog Inn, in the Town of Aylsham, in said dispensable Duty to make a speedy and ample Provision County of where a considerable Com Market

for the Public Service; and that we shall endeavour to js Weekly held, and from which said Town there is a defray those Expenses which the Exigencies of the Time Navigation extending to the Town and Port of Great must require, in such a Manner as to avoid, as far as Yarmouth, in the said County, and the said Highways possible, any pressure, which could be severely felt by and Roads, lying in, and passing through, the Parishes the Nation: of Saint Augustine, in the County of the said City of

That His Majesty may be assured that, in all our Norwich, Heylesdon, Horsham Saint Faith's,

Deliberations, we can never lose Sight of the true HainforStratton Strawless, Hevingham, Marsham, Grounds and Origin of the War: We have been called and Aylsham, in the said County of Norfolk, being in upon by every Motive of Duty and Self-preserva- Length Eleven Miles and a Half, are ruinous, and in tion to repel an Attack made upon His Majesty and many Places heavy, sandy, narrow, and incommodious,

His Allies, founded upon Principles which tend to and it would be very advantageous to the Public if the destroy all Property, to subvert the Laws and Reli- said Roads were put into good and sufficient Repair, gion of every civilized Nation, and to introduce uni- which cannot be effectually done by Statute Labour, or versally that wild and destructive System of Rapine, by other Means at present provided by Law; and that Anarchy, and Impiety, the Effects of which, as they from the said Town of Aylsham there are various Roads have already been manifested in France, furnish a leading to several Noblemen and Gentlemen's Seats, dreadful, but usefid, Lesson to the present Age, and to and also, to the Town and Port of Cromer, in the said Posterity: < . County of Norfolk: And therefore praying, That Leave

That we are sensible that the Discontinuance or may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widen-Relaxation of our Exertions could hardly procure even ing> an(f keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading u short Interval of delusive Repose, and could never from Saint Gates, in the City and County

terminate in Security or Peace; and we trust, that all Qf the City of Norwich aforesaid, to the Dog Inn, in His Majesty's Subjects, impressed with the Necessity Aylsham aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, of defending whatever is most dear to them, and rely- and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem ing with Confidence on the Valour and Resources of meet and proper.

their Country, on the combined Efforts of so large a Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Part of Europe, and above all on the incontestible Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Justice of their Cause, will study to render their Con- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall duct a Contrast to that of their Enemies; and by culti- appear to them, to the House:

vating and practising the Principles of Humanity, and And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Minchin, &c.: the Duties of Religion, will endeavour to merit the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Continuance of the Divine Favour and Protection, the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power which have been so eminently experienced by these to seQ(j for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up A Petition of John Lord Muncaster in the King- waiter Tuan Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the dom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; closure Pe-said Resolution: Setting forth, That there are within the Lordship and tltion-

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Clif- Township of War ter, in the East Riding of the County den. Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Chancellor of York, certain Lands and Grounds, the sole Proof the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Master of perty of the Petitioner as Tenant for Life, some Parts the Rolls, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Solicitor Ge- whereof are open, and other Parts inclosed, but not neral, Mr. Rose, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Pole Carew, sufficiently fenced; and that the said Lands and Grounds Mr. Powys, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir might be greatly improved if the same were inclosed,

Hairy Hoghton, General Murray, Mr. Charles Long, properly fenced, and manured, and put into a State of Mr. Wilberforce, Sir John Call, Mr. Burke, Sir James Cultivation, and if a proper Number of Farm Houses,

Murray, Mr. Steele, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cottages, Bams, Buildings, and other Conveniencies,

Sargent, Mr. Crosbie, Mr. Thornton, the Lord Bay-, were erected thereon; and that the making the said ham, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hawkins Browne, the Earl of Improvements would be very advantageous to the Pe-Mornington, Mr. Wyndham; or any Five of them: And titioner, and to all Persons entitled to the Reversion they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's and Remainder; but the making the same will be at-Chamber. tended with a considerable Expense; and that the

Ordered, That His Majesty' most Gracious Speech Petitioner is willing to make such Improvements, and to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said to defray the Expense attending the same, in case he Committee. shall be enabled to charge the said Lands and Grounds

with

'and also of the several Conventions and Treaties which His Majesty has concluded:

That we most cordially rejoice that His Majesty has so much Reason to reflect with Satisfaction on the steady Loyalty and firm Attachment to the established Constitution and Government, which, notwithstanding the continued Efforts employed to mislead and to seduce, have been so generally prevalent amongst all Ranks of His Majesty's Subjects. That the Zeal and Alacrity of the Militia to provide for our internal Defence, and the distinguished Bravery and Spirit displayed on every Occasion by His Majesty's Forces both by Sea and Land, are the natural Result of these Sentiments, and might well be expected from a brave and free People, animated by the Example of His Majesty's illustrious Progeny, and sensible of the Value of those

Heintz Nat. Petition.

Windsor

Writ.

Grand Committees appointed.

Committee of Privileges appointed.

Other Orders made.

34 Geo. III. 22° Jan. 17

with such Sum of Money as the House shall think proper and reasonable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Elias Heintz was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Minchin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of P Portlock Powney, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit* every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a (Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Windham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Sir Charles Morgan, The Marquis of Titchfield, Mr. Powys, Mr. Steele, Mr. Baker, Mr. Rose, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Charles Long, Sir William Young, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Grey, the Lord Parker, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Alderman Newnham, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Alexander Hood, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ellis; and all the Knights for Shires; Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven-night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within the Time limited for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Vol. 49-

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament;" and that all other Persons, who will question any Returns of Members 'to serve ih Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime ana Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, pr their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of die whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting

F of

18 22 januar A. 1794.

of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending, this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Anhoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, an.d for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That she Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

The Lord Clifden reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

The Circumstances under which we are assembled will not fail to command our most serious Attention, as we are sensible that, on the Issue of the Contest in which we are enraged, depend the Maintenance of our Constitution, Laws, and Religion, and the Security of all Civil Society.

We have observed, with Satisfaction, the Advantages which have been obtained by the Arms of the Allied Powers in different Parts of Europe, and the Change which has taken Place in the general Situation of Affairs upon the Continent since the Commencement of the War; and we must, in a particular Manner, congratulate Your Majesty on the valuable Possessions which have been acquired from the Enemy; on the undisputed Superiority at Sea, which has enabled Your Majesty to afford such effectual Protection to the Commerce of Your Subjects; and on the important and decisive Blow which has been given to the Naval Power of Your Enemies, under Circumstances which reflect the highest Honour upon the Conduct, Abilities, and Spirit, of Your Majesty's Commanders, Officers, and Forces, both by Sea and Land.

The System from which our Enemies have derived the Means of temporary Exertion, founded as it is upon the Violation of every Principle of Justice, Humanity, and Religion, evidently productive of internal Discontent and Confusion in France, and tending rapidly to exhaust the natural and real Strength of that Country, appears to prove, in the strongest Manner, the Necessity of Vigour and Perseverance on our Part, and to afford in itself a just Expectation of ultimate Success.

We must undoubtedly join with Your Majesty in regretting the necessary Continuance of the War; but we are persuaded that it would be inconsistent with the essential Interests of Your Majesty's Subjects to look to the Restoration of Peace on any Grounds but such as may provide for their permanent Safety, and for the Independence and Security of Europe: And it is impossible for us not to perceive that the Attainment of these Ends is obstructed by the Prevalence of a System in France, equally incompatible with the Happiness of that Country, and with the Tranquillity of all other Nations.

We acknowledge Your Majesty's Goodness in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Declaration which. Your Majesty has thought proper to x issue,

Address reported, and agreed to.

19

34 Geo. III. 22° — 238 — 24° Januarii.

issue, and also of the several Conventions and Treaties which Your Majesty has concluded.

We most cordially rejoice that Your Majesty has so much Reason to reflect with Satisfaction on the steady Loyalty and firm Attachment to the established Constitution and Government, which, notwithstanding the continued Efforts employed to mislead and to seduce, have been so generally prevalent amongst all Ranks / of Your Majesty's Subjects. The Zeal and Alacrity of the Militia to provide for our internal Defence, and the distinguished Bravery and Spirit displayed, on every Occasion, by Your Majesty's Forces, both by Sea and Land, are the natural Result of these Sentiments, and might well be expected from a brave and free People, animated by the Example of Your Majesty's illustrious Progeny, and sensible of the Value of those Blessings which it is the Object of all our Exertions to preserve.

Although we must, at all Times, lament the Necessity of any additional Burthens, we feel it our indispensable Duty to make a speedy and ample Provision for the Public Service; and we shall endeavour to defray those Expenses which the Exigencies of the Time must require, in such a Manner as to avoid, as far as possible, any Pressure which could be severely felt by the Nation.

Your Majesty may be assured, that in all our Deliberations wre can never lose Sight of the true Grounds and Origin of the War. We have been called upon by every Motive of Duty and Self-preservation, to repel an Attack made upon Your Majesty and Your Allies, founded upon Principles which tend to destroy all Property, to subvert the Laws and Religion of every civilized Nation, and to introduce universally that wild and destructive System of Rapine, Anarchy, and Impiety, the Effects of which, as they have already been manifested in France, furnish a dreadful, but useful, Lesson to the present Age, and to Posterity.

We are sensible that the Discontinuance, or Relaxation, of our Exertions could hardly procure even a short Interval of delusive Repose, and could never terminate in Security or Peace; and we trust that all Your Majesty's Subjects, impressed with the Necessity of defending whatever is most dear to them, and relying with Confidence on the Valour and Resources of their Country, on the combined Efforts of so large a Part of Europe, and, above all, on the incontestible Justice of their Cause, will study to render their Conduct a Contrast to that of their Enemies; and by cultivating and practising the Principles of Humanity, and the Duties of Religion, will endeavour to merit the Continuance of the Divine Favour and Protection, which have been so eminently experienced by these Kingdoms.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Jovisy 23° di Januarii:

Anno 34° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1794-

Praters.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, The Kingap-That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pur- Point* ** suant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His House Majesty's Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration King's His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Speech Parliament; consulered.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Motion for to His Majesty; a Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, To be consi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to dered in a consider of that Motion. Committee.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Time limited for Private Bills after the 27th Day of February for receiving next. Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant SeafordWrit. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Sargent, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of His Majesty's Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chipping . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wycombe the electing of a Burgess tQ serve in this present Par- Wnt-liament for the Borough of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of Sir John Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Generis, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 340 Georgii III,a Regis, 1794. Prayers.

King's Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech

Speech to be- to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Considera-considered. (jon Tomorrow Morning.

Chaplain to Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach preach- before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 49.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the King's An-House attended His Majesty Yesterday, w'ith swer to Ad-their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to dreM-give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My most cordial Thanks for this loyal and affectionate Address.

It is w'ith great Satisfaction that I receive the Assurances of your continued and decided Support in

the

20 24° Jan. A. 1794.

the Prosecution of the just and necessary War, in which W e are engaged.

This full and explicit Declaration of yoUr Sentiments cannot fail to produce the most salutary Efleets in the present important Conjuncture.

Dunham A Petition of Edward Parry, Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure Pe- Manor of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk,

tlt, on* and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Whole Year Lands, and Half Year or Shack Lands, computed to contain 1,300 Acres, and also, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, computed to contain 400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, and Half Year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands,. Commons, and Waste Grounds, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, wrhich Extinguishment of Rights, and such Division and Allotments, would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premises, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and will proceed Mr. Graves: on Mr. Hast- Mr. Speaker,

ings's Trial. The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday the 13th Day of February next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of

to extend the Lands and Estates within the County Palatine of Lan-Manchester, caster, and of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and Bu^Canal Tradesmen, resident within the said County, whose tosLie^and Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Red Moss. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well satisfied that the extending, cutting, and making the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal navigable from Bury aforesaid, by Rochdale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near Sladen, and also from Bolton aforesaid to a certain Place at or near to Red Moss, at Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, would facilitate and render cheap the Conveyance of Merchandize brought into, manufactured, and consumed, in the aforesaid Towns and the adjacent Country, and the Produce thereof respectively would afford particular Advantages to the Petitioners by promoting Agriculture and Commerce, and be of great Public Utility; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that such Extensions of Canal may be easily effected: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Intention and Purposes

aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr.

Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Heintz Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Elias Heintz: And the BlllPre‘ same was received; and read the First Time. 4611

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Sowerby chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Land Owners, Bridge and

/ / 7 7 -1 1

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, (^^Roch-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, jaje) Canal That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable, Petition, to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, and to communicate with, the Colder and Hebble Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf (otherwise called Sowerby Wharf) within the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, by Way of Todmo Deyne-head, Littleborough, and Rochdale, to Manchester, and to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridge-water at or near a Place called Castle Field, within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and that certain Navigable Branches may be made, one from such intended Canal in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, to or near a certain Highway* called School Lane, in the said Parish of Rochdale, and another from the said intended Canal to or near a certain Place, called Hollinwood, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the making and maintaining such Canal and Navigable Branches will be the Means of opening a Communication for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Coals,

Stone, and Slate, between the East Sea at the Port of Hull, and the West Sea at the Port of,

whereby the Trade and Manufactures of many considerable intermediate Towns and Places w ill be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expense, and also, that such Canal, by Means of its Junction with the Canal of the Duke of,

will open an inland Navigable Communication to the City of London, the Towns of Lancaster and Kendal % the several Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and,

as well as with the Port of Bristol and the Towns upon the River Severn, and will be of great Public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal and Navigable Branches, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers Buiy and of Lands and Estates within the County Palatine Church Kirk of Lancaster, and of several Merchants, Manufac- (?r t,le Has' turers, and Tradesmen, resident within the said

County

34 Geo. III. 24° Januarii. 21

County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making of a Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bury, by to a certain

Place at or near the New House in Old Accrington at or near to Church Kirk, in the County of Lancaster, would be of infinite Advantage to the Petitioners, by opening ah. Introduction to Coal, Lime, Lime-stone, Stone, Flags, and other heavy Articles, and by facilitating at a small Expense the Conveyance thereof, as well as of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and would not only in those but in other Respects be of great Public Utility; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that such Canal may easily be effected: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the said Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Barnstaple A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Town and

Woolcombers Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was

Cetition. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have hitherto been considered as useful Members of the Community, who, by their Industry, and Manual Labour, have provided for themselves with as little Assistance from Parochial Bounty as any Class of Manufacturers of their Numbers within these Kingdoms, but beg Leave to state to the House, that, by the Invention and Practice of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain serious and just Fears that themselves and Families will speedily become a useless and heavy Burthen to the State: That it appears to the Petitioners that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: That tftte Reasons adduced in Support of Machines employed in other Manufactures, such. as the Cotton, Silk, Linen, See. will not apply to the Woollen, for that almost any Quantity of the Raw Materials can be procured to supply the Manufactures of the former, which, by enlarging their Trade, still retains an equal or greater Number of Persons in Employ, whereas but a specific Quantity can be obtained of the latter, scarcely sufficient to employ the Manufacturers engaged in that Branch, in the Manner hitherto practised; and that, in Consequence of the Introduction of the said Machine, the great Body of Woollen Manufacturers will almost immediately be deprived of their Business and Employ, the whole Trade will be engrossed by a few powerful and wealthy Adventurers, and after short Competition, the surplus Profits arising from the Annihilation of Manual Labour will be transferred into the Pockets of the Foreign Consumers: That the Machines of which the Petitioners complain are rapidly multiplying throughout the Kingdom, the pernicious Effects of which have already been sensibly felt by the Petitioners, Numbers of whom thereby are in Want of Occupation and Food; and that it is with the most heartfelt Sorrow and Anguish the Petitioners anticipate that fast approaching Period of consummate Wretchedness and Poverty, when Fifty Thousand of the Petitioners, together with their distressed Families, by a lucrative Monopoly of the Means of earning their Bread, will be inevitably compelled to seek ~ Von. 49.

from their several Parishes: That those melancholy Facts forcibly strike the Petitioners Understandings, and they trust will induce the House to devise and apply such Remedies as in their great Wisdom may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cardiff Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the Right honourable John Stuart, commonly called Lord Viscount deceased.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bankcf Bank of Scotland, was presented to the House, and Scotland read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Par- Petition, liament of Scotland, made in the Year 1695, intituled,

" An Act for erecting a Bank in ,"a Joint

Stock, amounting to the Sum of Twelve Hundred Thousand Pounds Scots Money, that is, One Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established, for carrying on and managing a Public Bank, and certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock, and by the said Act it was declared, that all and every the Persons, subscribing and paying to the said Joint Stock in Manner therein directed, should be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal, and certain Rules were thereby prescribed, for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank, and under the said Act, and Rules and Orders therein mentioned, the said Bank was soon after established, and has ever since continued; and that, by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland,

" to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company," it was enacted, That, within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book, to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock of Twelve Hundred Thousand Pounds Scots, or One Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Shares of the Original Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional Stock as he, she, or they, should be possessed of the old or Original Stock at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should think proper; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Governor " and Company of the Bank of Scotland farther to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company," it was enacted, That, within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon thereafter as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book, to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Twelve Hundred Thousand Pounds Scots, or One Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of Two or more Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank of

G Scotland

A. 1794

22

24° — 27° Januarii.

Scotland at the Time, should be entitled to subscribe for a proportional Share of the said new or additional Stock, corresponding to the Share so possessed by such Person or Persons at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should think proper; and that, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the u Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital " Stock of the said Company," it was enacted, That, within One Month after the 1st Day of June 1792, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book, to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Three Million Six Hundred Thousand Pounds Scots, or Three Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank, should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the new or additional Stock as he, she, or they, should be possessed of, of the said Stock at the Time of his, her, or their Subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of shares thereof, if such Person or Persons should think proper; and that the said Bank of Scotland being of great National Advantage, a farther Increase of its Capital Stock would still tend greatly to the Advancement of Commerce, Agriculture, and Manufactures, and be otherwise highly beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland farther to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, under such Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Lord

Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee The Order of the day being read, for the House to to consider of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Motion consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply for a Supply, jjg granted to His Majesty

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Commiitee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Lunev, 27° die Januarii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 794.

Prayers.

pLIAS HEINTZ took the order to his Naturalization.

Oaths appointed, in Heinu sworn.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Dukinfield thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Mer- and Load* chants, Manufacturers, and Residents, in the Towns p^ForestT of Manchester and Ashton under in the County canal Peti-of Lancaster, and Stockport, in the County of , tion.

and the Neighbourhood of the same Towns, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and to communicate with, the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to the Limestone Rocks in Loads Knowl, in the County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, will be of great Public Utility, will open a useful, short, and easy Communication from the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Stockport aforesaid, and the adjacent Country, to the very extensive Limestone Rocks at or near to Loadshill, in the said County of Derby, and will open a Communication with many large and extensive Mines of Coal,

Flags, Stone, and other Minerals: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and to communicate with, the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to the Limestone Rocks in Loads Knowl, in the County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Egerton, &c.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the City of New New Swum

Sarum, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the City and County of Exeter, Devon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears that they and their Families will become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping that the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr.

and Exeter Woolcomliers Petitions.

j

Waiter Inclosure Bill, presented.

Shelton

Inclosure

Petition.

Chatteris and Ramsey Road Petition.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Seaford,

34 Geo. III.

27° yanuanu

23

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of War ter, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for car-

?ing into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the welfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain, called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Term of so much of the said Act as relates to the said Road will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and, unless the Term is enlarged, the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, which will be a great Inconvenience to Persons having Occasion to travel along the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the said Road, for such Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 19th Day of March 1792, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, against the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, reported to the House, that VOL. 49.

they had determined, " That the Right of Election is m " the Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and " Port, paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants " Housekeepers only; " and that the Petitioners are advised, that the said Right of Election, so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Town and Port: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 10th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the 1 wenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, and Sir James St. Clair Erskine, be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Thursday the 13th Day of February next, and every Day on which the Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, shall be proceeded on, during the present Session of Parliament, meet as a Committee in Westminster Hall; and that the House do, on such Days, sit at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That for the Purpose of receiving a Message from the Lords relating to the Time of the further Proceeding on the said Trial, Mr. Speaker may take the Chair, and direct the Messengers to be called in, although Forty Members be not present.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Huddersfield thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Mer- Canal P«-chants, Manufacturers, and Residents in the Towns of tlUon* Huddersfield and Marsden, and the several Towns within Saddleworth, all in the County of York, and Manchester and Ashton under Lyne, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood of the same Towns, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, and to communicate with, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield aforesaid, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, will be of great Public Utility, will open a useful, short, and easy Communication between the Towns of Huddersfield and Manchester aforesaid, and between those Places and the very extensive Manufactories of Woollen Cloth carried on within 11 Saddleworth

Managers appointed tq make good the Articles of Impeach'* inent against Mr. Has tings.

Resolutions respecting the Trial.

24

27° Janu.

A. 1794.

Saddleworthaforesaid: And therefore praying, That Orde That the said Address be presented to His Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, and to Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, communicate with, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden,

Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield aforesaid, The House was moved, That an Act, made in the American to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Trade Act* from Manchester, to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and jesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain In-

struments from being required from Ships belonging

Oldham, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Report from Committee on the Motion for a Supply.

Committee of Supply appointed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicen That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supplybe granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimates, &c. ordered.

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the " Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions,

" and the Inhabitants of the United States of America,

" to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with " the British Colonies and Plantations in Amenta, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating " the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories " belonging to the United States of America, so far as " the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried " on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King's Mes-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, "*e^)ec* signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to embarkation

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1794; with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other

Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be _ _ __________

done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the of Hessian

C - . 1 XT 1 1 J 1 IT il.IT I. A omknwn f U rt 1 — I Anno Vvrvi a/\>tawA/1 1 nnn ie AO fnl 1 fOArMI

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Reduced

Officers.

Members of the House being uncovered) and is as fol- Troops, loweth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House,

for the Year 1794, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1794, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the.

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1794, of Commons, that a Corps of Hessian Troops, taken be laid before this House. into the Pay of Great Britain, to be employed on

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Foreign Service, having been brought to the appointed Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of Place of Rendezvous off the Isle of Wight, His Majesty the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the has found it necessary, with a View to the preventing

Chelsea Out-Pensioner*.

Services incurred, and

last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1794, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1794, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred,

not provided and not provided for by Parliament; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac

for.

Disposition of Grants.

any Sickness taking place among the said Troops from their Continuance on board of the Transports, to order them to be disembarked, and to be stationed, for the present, on the Isle of Wight, at Portsmouth, and at Places adjacent.

R.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this thereupon.

count, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of House, for the gracious Communication contained in the Year 1793, have been disposed of; distinguished His Majesty's Message to this House, under their several Heads. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

Navy Debt Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, on the 31st Day of December 1793.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

St Alban and South Mims Road Petition.

fienjoin's

Nat Petition

34 Geo. III. 28 0 Janua25

Martis, 28° d Januarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III*" Regis, 1794. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners^in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign,- obtained an Act to enable them to divert and change the said Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban (so as to avoid certain steep Hills and sharp Turnings, which render the said Road dangerous for Carriages and Pessengers) and for other Improvements; and that the Petitioners have had several Meetings, in order to put the said Act in execution, and for the Purpose of making the said intended new Road into the Town of Saint Alban, and it appears, from several Surveys which have been made, that the same cannot be executed in a proper Manner, without taking down certain Buildings or Tenements, held in Trust for the Church and Poor of the Parishes of Saint Alban and Saint Peter (that is to say) a small Part of a Tenement in the Occupation of James Fitch, which said Tenement, together with other Premisses, are let at the Yearly Rent of Eleven Pounds, One other Tenement, in the Occupation of the Widow Birch, let at the Yearly Rent of Six Pounds, One other Tenement, in the Occupation of Joseph Cogdell, let at the Yearly Rent of Four Pounds, One other Tenement, in the Occupation of Joseph Siggins, let at the Yearly Rent of Five Pounds, a certain Warehouse and Stable, in the Occupation of Mr. William Hawson, let at the Yearly Rent of Five Pounds, with the Yard thereunto belonging, as also a small Slip of Garden Ground, in the Occupation of Mrs. Smith; and that Application has been made to the acting Trustees of the said Charity, offering to purchase the said Buildings and Premisses at a fair Valuation, but that One out of Six of the said Trustees absolutely refuses to sell or convey the said Tenements and Premisses for the Purposes aforesaid, whereby the Petitioners are rendered unable to carry the intended Improvement into Effect, being restrained, by the said Act, from taking down Buildings without the Consent of the Owners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the said Act, and to authorize the Petitioners to take down the said Buildings, and to take in the said Yard and Piece of Garden, making a fair and reasonable Satisfaction to the Trustees of the said Charity, and their Under Tenants, for their respective Interests therein, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Condsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. John Calvert, Senior, &c.: and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Benjoiwas presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir James Sanderson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 49.

A Bill for naturalizing Elias Heintz, was read a HcintzNat. Second Time. Bill Commit-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, ted‘

Sir George Jackson, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Accounts pre-missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they sented. were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Prohibited imported and brought to Account in Saint Helen's, and Bast India private Trade Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Goods‘ Michaelmas 1792 to Michaelmas 1793^ what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained at Michaelmas 1793: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1792 to 1793,

also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1793:

And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1792, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1793: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1792, what have been since brought in, wrhat exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1793: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, and Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1792, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1793: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported into the Naval Stores Port of London from Russia, from Michaelmas 1792 to from Busia. Michaelmas 1793: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1792 to Michaelmas 1793:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale Ship*, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out, Ports where they were discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship, in the Year 1793.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Petition to to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Occu- ^^ester piers of Lands and Estates within the County Palatine uJjton^nd of Lancaster, and of several Merchants, Manufacturers, Bury Canal and Tradesmen, resident within the said County, whose toSladcnand Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that Bed Moss, the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

H Table:

Answers to Addresses.

punham Tn-closure Bill presented.

Estimates,

&c.presented.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

26

28° yanu.

A. 1794.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bennett, an Engineer tod Surveyor, being examined, said, That he hath surveyed the Line of the intended Navigation, whereby it appears, that the extending, cutting, and making the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal navigable from Bury, by Rochdale and Lit-tleborough, to a certain Place at or near Sladen, and also from Bolton, to a Place at or near Red Moss, at in the County Palatine of Lancaster, would facilitate and render cheap the Conveyance of Merchandize brought into, manufactured, and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, and the produce thereof would afford particular Advantages to the Petitioners, by promoting Agriculture and Commerce, and be of Public Utility: — And he further said, that such Extensions of Canal may be easily effected.

Mr. Robert Whitworth, also an Engineer, being examined, said, That he went over the Line of the Canal with the above Witnesses; and corroborated his Testimony.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Mill, in the Parish

of Bury, by Rochdale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near to Sladen; and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's Message to this House, respecting the Hessian Troops stationed for the present, on the Isle of Wight, at Portsmouth, and at Places adjacent) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Snack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, including those in' Guernsey end Jersey, in Flanders, on an Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in Flanders, and under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1794: And also,

An Account of Extraordinary Expenses of the Army incurred, and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1792 to the 24th of December 1793, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in the West Indies, "at Gibraltar, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1794, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain; and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, from 25th 1793

to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces: to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by die Paymaster General, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, of several Corps of Fencible Men in North Britain, and of a Corps of Fencible Men in the Isle of Man, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Men, in the Year 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1794: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, and of Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from the respective

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Extraordina ries of the Army.

Difference between British and Irish Establishments.

Troops in East India.

Additional to D°.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, Ac. Ac.

Half Pay.

Widows

Pensions.

Embodied Militia and Fencibles.

Contingencies, Ac. for D°.

Cloathing for the Militia.

Corps transferred from the Irish Establishment.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

Chelsea In-Pensioners.

34 Gteo. III. 28" Janmril <ti

tive Periods therein mentioned to the 24th December Estimate of the Charge of Levy Money, and of Horse

1793, inclusive: And also, Furniture and Accoutrements, for the Augmentations

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, 1794.

for the Year 1794: And also, And die Titles of the said Estimates and Account

Estimate of the Charge of die In-Pensioners of Chel- were read. sea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, The said Estimates and Account are as followeth; for the Year 1794: And also, viz.

ft

VO L. 49.

ESTIMATE

Levy Money, See, for Augmentations to the Forces.

CO

U CS

II

S o

S» 5 o-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, including those in Guernsey and Jersey, in Flanders, on an Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive being 365 Days.

to

<x

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

ft

CORPS.

o

(First Regiment of Life Guards m - 295

Second Ditto - - - - 293

[Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 536

"First Regiment of Dragoon Guards m 1,014

Second Ditto - m - - - 762

Third Ditto - - - 762

Fourth Ditto - - - - _ 352

Fifth Ditto - - - 352

Sixth Ditto - - . 352

The Earl of Pembroke's Regiment of Dragoons - 762

General Johnston's - - - - 762

Lord Southampton's - - - 763

Lord Howard's - - - - 762

General Johnston's - - - 762

'Sir Henry Clinton's - 762

The Prince of Wales - - - 762

General Hodgson's - - - - 762

Sir James Steuart's . - - - 352

Lord Dorchester's - . - 762

Lieutenant General Harcourt s m - - 762

[First Regiment of Foot Guards m 3,446

Coldstream Ditto - . - - - - 2,215

[Third Ditto - - m 2,215

Numbers.

1,124

11,567

7,876

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

36,020

27.442

27.442

13.932

13.932

13.932

27.442

27.442 27,478

27.442

27.442

27,44s

27.442

27.442

13.932

27.442

27.442

11

7

m

2

2

2

7

7

17

7

7

7

7

2

7

7

8 11 11

3

3

3

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T 0

23,811 — 8

— ' - 23,542 14 —

— - 36,138 — 1°

4,929 17 6 593 >3 7 8 5512 — 42,399 *4 9

3,697 8 1 449 1 ~ 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,697 8 1 449 1 ~ 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

1,723 16 3 259 5 — 427 16 — 16,34219 5

1,723 16 3 259 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 0

1,723 16 3 259 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

3,697 8 1 449 1 ~ 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,697 8 1 449 1 " 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,703 14 10 449 8 8 641 14 — 32,273 15 5

3,697 8 1 449 1 — 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,697 8 1 449 1 ~ . 641 14 — 32,230 n —

3,697 8 1 449 — 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,697 8 1 449 1 — 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

3,697 8 1 449 1 — 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

1,723 16 3 459 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

3,697 8 1 449 ~ 641 14 — 32,230 n —

3,697 8 1 449 — 641 14 — 32,230 11 —

_ mm 79,456 6 2

— - 49,973 8 8

50,028 3 8

*83,491 15 6

CO

3

494,581 9 2

179,457 18 6

CO

4

o

-Major General Stewart's Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Hall's - -

Sir Robert Murray Keith's - -

Lieutenant General Grant's Major General Hotham's -General Graeme's -Lord George Lennox's -Lieutenant General Massey's Lieutenant General Prescott's Lord Cathcart's -Lieutenant General Clark's Earl of Ross's -Sir John Dalling's - -Sir George Osborn's -Sir Hector Munro's -Major General Adeane's -Lieutenant General Tonyn's General Elphinstone's ... General Frederick's -§ / Lieutenant General John Campbell's -Sir David Lindsays -Earl of Balcarres s -Lieutenant General Brown's Lieutenant Colonel Humberstone Mackenzie' Major Cameron's Lord Paget's -

Lieutenant General J. Fletcher Campbell's Major General Bertie's ... Major General De Burgh's Major General Leigh's ... Major General Edmeston's -Major General Cuyler's -Major General Balfour's -Lieutenant Colonel Bernard's Lieutenant Colonel Nugent's Lieutenant Colonel Doyle's Lieutenant Colonel Cunninghame's Lieutenant Colonel Halket's Lieutenant Colonel Ferrier's

W

C/5

H

Fifty Independent Companies of Invalids Garrisons with Fire and Candle -

Total

H

W

War Office,

28th January 1794.

m >,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

m 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

- 1,052 —

1,052 —

- i,m —

- 689 -

- 1,152 —

- 689 -

- 689 -

- 689 -

- 689 -

- 6.89 -

- 689 —

- 689 -

- 689 -

- 689 -

- os9 -

- 485 -

- 485 —

- 485 -

35,493

- — 3,882

- — 302

- 60,244 1,0

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

10

4

6

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

4

4

4

il

n

il

l

3

2

3,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

2,933 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 il

2,923 8 A 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 tl

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 .4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 )

3,038 7 — 2 59 12 1 823 5 19.413 — 11

1,967 19 8 204 10 6 732 — — 13,151 11 6

3,153 5 7 261 4 6 823 5 — 19,597 8 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 733 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 - 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 206 19 2 732 — — 13,428 13 7

1,967 19 8 205 11 10 732 — — 13,273 1 10

1,967 19 8 205 11 10 732 — — 13,273 1 10

1,967 19 8 204 10 6 732 — — 13,151 11 6

1,385 — 10 145 2 9 58917 6 9,507 16 —

1,385 — 10 145 2 9 58917 6 9,507 16 —

1,385 — 10 145 2 9 58917 6 9,507 16 —

641,400 14 *

5,675 15 — 1,203 19 2 4,000 — — - - 63,379 5 3

782 2 2 — — 55 — — — — 30,501 9 5

161,891 6 6 17,248 7 — 44,725 1 6 < c- 1,492,812 12 2

<o-

94 Geo. III.

g

(Q

cr

o

o

o

FT

n

ga

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1793 05

to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days. O

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned N on-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of N on-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Master, and Serjeants. TOTAL.

Lieutenant Colonel Sanford's Corps of Light Dragoons - 320 11,523 1 it . 1,555 1 3 193 12 7 285 4 — — ' — 13,55619 9

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, First Battalion - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Lieutenant General Morrison's ..... - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Lieutenant General Stopford's - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Ralph Abercromby's - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Prince Edward's - - - - 1,052 - 14,704 4 4 2,923 8 4 253 7 5 823 5 — .18,704 5 1

Lieutenant General Leslie's - - - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Ainslie's - - - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Hamilton's - - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

Lieutenant General Hyde's - - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

General Murray's - - - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 A 252 2 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Whyte's - - - 1,052 - 14,567 a 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Sir William Erskine's - - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Sir Robert Boyd's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,933 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Smith's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Williamson's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 1 1

General Maitland's - - - 1,052 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11 '

General Walsh's - - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Lieutenant General Scott's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6. 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Royal American Regiment, Four Battalions - - 4,209 — 58,508 7 1 ] 11,693 13 4 1,010 14 11 3,293 — 74,505 16 2

Lieutenant General Mathew's - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Leland's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 i 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Major General Gunning's - 1,052 - 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Earl of Suffolk's - - 1,052 — 14,567 2 6 2,923 8 4 252 3 1 823 5 — 18,565 18 11

Colonel Simcoe's Corps - - 432 - 5,237 4 5 1,120 18 8 76 12 6 371 5 — 6,806 — 7

Four Battalions formed of Flank Companies - - 2,312 3P>°97 32,571 4 4 6,490 11 4 596 11 5 2,191 15 — 41,850 2 1 53L751 1 a

i — i

-5

CO

GARRISONS, &c.

<t Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New ® Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and St. John's Island -

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago

Officers serving with the Forces in North America, the West Indies, and Gibraltar ——

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America and the West Indies ——

Gibraltar:

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, 24 Battalion

Sir John Sebright's

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson's -

Lieutenant General Gabbitt's -

General Lambton's ——

Officers of the Garrisons of Gibraltar, &c.

New South Wales: Major Grose's Corps -

Total

Deduct

To be paid by the Island of Jamaica

For Lieutenant Colonel Sand ford's Corps of Light Dragoons ——

For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot according to the late Peace Establishment

o

o

00

7$

ft

C/3

H

H

Remains to be provided

War Office, 28th January 1794-

Geo. Yonge.

03

34 Geo. III. 28° .

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

32 286 Januarii . 1794.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in Flanders, and under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Year 1794.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey,1 and Jersey, in Flanders, and under the Command of the Earl of Moira, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days.....-

£97,389 1 1

War Office, s8th January 1794.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1794.

16,693 Out Pensioners at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1793 to the 24th December 1794, deducting for Pensions unclaimed £. 2,426. 13. 4. -400 Letter Men at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

124,509 *3 9

7,300 ——

424 6 3

17/124

>32,234 ——

To the Collectors of Excise for paying the Out-Pensioners - *

To Agents Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

For the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners -

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions -

1,278 8 —

378 4 —

1,000 ——

200 ——

2,856 12 —

1,200 ——

1,656 12 —

Deduct already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1794

In all to be made good -

133,890 12 —

and of the

7,003 7 11

- £. 126,887 4 »

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

Arr

34 Geo. III. 28° Januarii.

33

Ao ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expenses of the Army* incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1793-

January 9th.

February 18th.

26th.

June 10th. July 29th.

January 24th.

May 14th. February 18th.

March 14th. May 23d. July 29th. October 21st.

February 18th.

April 10th. July 5th. 29th.

November 21st. June 10th. October 2 2d; September 7th.

January 24th.

July 8th. Vol. 49.

To Thomas Everett, Merchant, on Account, for

Garrison of Gibraltar, from 27th August to the 23d of September 1792 -

To D#, on Account, for victualling D# Garrison, from 24th September to 2tst October 1792 To D°, on Account, for victualling D* Garrison, from 19th November to 16th December 1792 -To D#, on Account, for victualling D# Garrison, from the 22d October to 18th November 1792, and from the 17th December 1792, to 13th January 1793 -

To D*, on Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from 11th February to 10th March 1793 -

To D°, on Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from 14th January to 10th February 1793, and from the 11th March to 7th April 1793 -To Messrs. Turnbull, Macaulay, and Gregory, on Account, for Provisions, issued to the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia, and for Custom House Duties on Provisions shipped in Ireland To D#, on Account of D# Service -To Messrs. Neave and Aislabie, on Account of Provisions purchased for the Use of the Troops in the West Indies ——

To D°, for 'D* Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D#, for D# Service - -

To John Brickwood, Esquire, for Provisions shipped for the Bermudas -To A. Davison, Esquire, on Account of Provisions purchased for the Use of the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia - - - - -

To D°, for D# Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for a Balance, for D° Service -To D*, for Provisions purchased for the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia -To Elizabeth Budd, upon Account, for keeping up Provisions in Guernsey and Jersey -

To Mrs. Pickstone, for D# Service

To D#, for D° Service, at Alderney -To T. Everett, Merchant, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, from 6th May to 2d June

*793 ....

victualling U 3,005 16 1

2,997 16 3 2,985 9 5

5,79l 4 9 2,724 3 —

5,579 *9 6

23,398 16 11 8,800 ——

6,006 13 ___

15,006 13 —

*6,987 8 6

6,807 5 2

849 5

10.006 13 __

15.006 13 _

8.006 13 __

i,55i 19 10

6.006 ] 3 ._

226 q -5,363 -1 1 689 5 —

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in America and the West Indies, from December 1792 to December 1793 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir R. Boyd, for sundry Special Contingent Services for the Garrison of Gibraltar - -

To D* drawn by D*, for D* Service -

To D* drawn by John Nugent, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for Public Services -

To D*, drawn by fV. Eppes, Commissary at Neco-

2,702 13 ,

150,500 10 5

27,375 — —

2,265

2,056

9

9

7

3

foundland, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service To D*, for D# Service

- 168 10

- 218 8

- 699 19

3

9

2

205 14 3

1,086 18

K

123,125 10 5

4,321 18 10

To

28° Januarii.

A. 1794

34

Dates of Warrants.

i?93. January 24th.

July 8th.

January 24th.

July 8th.

January 24th.

July 8th. January 24th.

July 8th.

January 24th.

July 8th.

January 24th.

July 8th.

January 24th.

July 8th. January 24th.

July 8th.

July 8th.

July 8th.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Orde, Governor of Dominica, for Public Services -

To D# drawn by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D* Services .....17,577 15 5

To D®, for D® Service - - - 16,698 1 2

To D®, for D# Service - - - 17,536 5 7

To Bills of Exchange drawn by James Seton, Lieutenant Governor of St.

Vincent's, for Public Services - 279 ——

To D®, for D® Service - - - 102 ——

To.D®, for D* Service- - - 500 — —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Edward,

Governor of Grenada, for Public Services - 219 16 —

To D®, for D* Service 658 8 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Henry Hamilton, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for Public Services - 773 16 —

To D®, for D® Service - - - 180 11 9

To D®, for D® Service - 3,689 7 7

To Bills of Exchange drawn by William Macarmick, Lieutenant Governor of Cape

Breton, for Public Services - 116 13 4

To D°, for D" Service - - - 318 10 —

To D°, for D® Service - - - 70 15 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by A. Williamson, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services - *>526 11 6

To P®, for D® Service - - - 6,077 J6 6

To D°, for D® Service - - - 2,514 9 4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by William Woodley, Governor of Antigua, for Public Services - 205 14 3

To D°, for D° Service - 245 10 - —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Edward Fanning, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. John, for Public Services - - - 110 — —

To D#, for D° Service- - - 100 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by J. Graces Simcoe, Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, for Public Services ——

To D", drawn by David P, Governor of Barbadoes, for D# Service - - 201 1 2

To D#, for D# Service - 101 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Thomas Dundas, Lieutenant Governor of die Island of Guernsey,

for Public Services - *>654 ——

To D®, for D* Service - - - 1,635 4 4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Samuel Williams, President of the Council at Grenada, for Public Services -To P®, drawn by James Bruce, Lieutenant Governor

ojf Dpmipiqa, for D® Service - 1,100 ----- -r-

To D®, for D® Service - 3,702 9 —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by J. Wentworth,

Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for Public Services - 500 — — -

To D®, for D® Service- -- 6,190 ——

800 — —

51,812 2 2

881 ——

878 4 3

6,643 15 4

505 18 7

11,118 17 4

45i 4 3

800 ——

302 1 a

3,289 4 4

103 17 6

4,80a 9

6,690 ——

To

34 Geo. III.

35

28° Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

793-

July

To Bills of Exchangfe drawn by JL H. Commander in Chief of the Island of

Jersey, for Public Services - 500 ——

To D®, for D* Service - - 5,025 2 — >

To Bills of Exchange drown by Peter Le Governor of Alderney, for Public Services -To D® drawn by W. Mined, Commanding Officer at

St. John's, Newfoundland, for D* Service - -

To D® drawn by Ninian Home , Lieutenant Governor of Grenada, for D* Service - -

To D® drawn by Alexander Deputy Pay-

master in Nova Scotia, for D* Service To D® drawn by Lord Governor of

Jersey, for D® Service -To D® drawn by Brook Wa Esquire, Commissary General on the Continent, for D® Service To D® drawn by Claude Scott, Esquire, for Wheat and Flour purchased for the Use of Government - - - 34*429 9 3

To Claude Scott, Esquire, to pay Bills

drawn upon him for D® Service 119,645 11 9

5,525 2 — 37o —

83 8 it no 4 —

,»253 4

1,071 ——

230,509 4 4

»54,75 —

l

To Cash paid by Mr. Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, towards the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, for Six Months, to 24th December 1792 7,615 17 8

To D® paid by D®, towards D®, for Six Months, to the 24th June 1793 ----- 10,392 11 8

To D® paid by D®, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in Canada, for One Quarter, to 24th December 1792 - - - - 21,817 3

To D° paid by D®. for D®, to 24th March 1793 - 14,283 9 5

To P® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1793 - 10,049 8

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1793 28,431 511

To D® paid by Mr. Brymer, acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expeaces of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to the 24th December 1792 - 1,572 17 9

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th March 1793 - 764 10 6

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1793 - 2,849 i° 5

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1793 7,443 9 10

1793.]anuary 4th.

March 6th.

14th. March 20th. 30th. April 12th.

May 24th. V01. 49.

To D® paid by Mr. Seton, acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, for Extraordinary Expences of the Army, to the 30th September 1792 - - - - 9,946 2 7

To D® paid by P®, for D®, from 1st October 1792 to

24th January 1793 - - - 20,140 ll 7

To Lieutenant Donald Stewart, for the Balance of his Account as Peputy Paymaster of the Works at Ponobscotl, in the Year 1781 and 178? - - - - 29 4 —

To Sir R. Boyd, K. B. for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments of Foot atGibraltar, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 - - 63*15 —

To D®, for D* Service, from 23th June to 24th December 1792 ----- -- 70 61

To the Representatives of John Cron further Account of a Balance due to him as Commissioner of sequestered Estates in South Carolina - - 184 6 —

To Charles Kerr, Esquire, for Materials and Labour in erecting Fortifications in the Island of Antigua, in the Year 1790 ----- - 8,428 9 1

To James Putnam, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Deputy Barrack Master General in Nova Scotia - - > - - - 44173

To Lieutenant Colonel Yorke, for the Expences of a Verdict, on Account of the Loss of a Cargo of Potatoes purchased in America for the 33d Segment of Foot - - - 150 — —

To Frederick de Dicmer, for furnishing Cloathing,

Accoutrements, and other Articles to a Troop of

483,578 7 i»

92,590 4 4

12,630 8 6

30,086 14 2

Hussars

36

Dates of Warrants.

1793-

June 10th. 11th.

July 3d.

15th.

24th.

August 7th.

21st.

27th.

October 16th.

17th.

November 4th.

2 2d.

December 2d.

loth.

12th.

23d.

1792. December 26th.

1793-

January 2d.

5*.

16th.

18th.

28° Janu

Hussars under his Command during the late War in America ——

To E. Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles purchased for Presents to the Indians in Canada To G. F. JV. Des Barret, Esquire, in Part of a Ba-

lance due to him as Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Cape Breton -To Colonel John Small, Commandant of the 2d Battalion of the late 84th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse Losses sustained by himself and the Officers under his Command, in the Years 1780 and 1781, in consequence of the Bills for the Subsistence having been returned protested. -To E. Nepean, Esquire, for Military Services in the West Indies ——

To Lieutenant General Hall, for Losses of the 3d Regiment of Foot by the Hurricane in Jamaica, in the Year 1784 ——

To Sir R. Boyd, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 -

To James Bain, for Losses on his Passage from Jamaica to Charles Town -

To A. Davison, Esquire, for Cloathing shipped for the Provincial Corps in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick - - .

To Sir Charles Grey, to provide himself with an Equipage as General and Commander in Chief in the West Indies -

To Lieutenant Purefoy, of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of his Wound received in India To Peter Chester, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account as late Governor of West Florida, from the 24th June 1770 to May 1781 To G. F. JV. Des Barres, in further part of the Balance of his Account as Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Cape Breton -To James Jaffray, for Articles purchased for his Department as Commissary General in the West Indies -

To Sir Gilbert Elliott, for an Equipage, as One of the Commissioners for managing Civil Afiaira in France -

To M. Petrie, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Forces at Toulon, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To John Ershine, Esquire, for Articles purchased for his Department as Commissary at D*

To A. Davison, Esquire, for D° for his Department as D#, to the Army under Lord Moira To Major. John Campbell, in Reimbursement of Sums

expended by him in Nova Scotia - -

To C.Mason, Esquire, for Contingencies, as Commissary of Accounts to the Army on the Continent ——

854 16 1 2,705 n 9

2.000 -

753 8 4

1,855 ——

42 2 —

130 *5 3

43 >7 —

5,677 1 6

1.000 — - — 154 4 —

236 4 3

1,700 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

400 ——

1,300 ——

1,100 ——

782 16 9

500 ——

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1792 - - 520 1 — -

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 183 Days D*,

as Quarter Master General, to D° - - 520 1 —

To Lieutenant R. Griffiths, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1792 52 2 —

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers, &c. in Canada, to various Periods - - . - - - - 145 19 6

To T. S. Badcock, Deputy Commissary of Musters,

as a Compensation for completing the Half Yearly Muster to June 1792, of the Troops within the District late belonging to Neil Stewart - - 63 3 —

To John Hunter, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as In-. spector General of Hospitals to the Forces, to 24th December 1792 - - - - 693 8 —

A. 1794.

33,206 14 4

To

37

34 Geo. III. 28° Januarn.

Dates of Warrants.

1793.

January 18th.

2 2d. 23d.

25th.

February 19th. March 14th.

16th.

27th.

April 1st.

17th.

May 7th.

30th. June 7th.

28 th.

July 3d.

Gth.

VOL. 49.

To Lieutenant General Morri, for 366 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1792 -

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -To Major General Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1792 - -

To D°, for the Pay of the Staff Officers at Duncan-non Fort, from D® to D® -To Gregory Townsend \ Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as

Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to the 31st of December 1791 -

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to the 31st December 1792 ----- To the Representatives of the late R. Godfrey, for Arrears of Half Pay, to 2d December 1781, as a Lieutenant in the late 103d Regiment of Foot To W. J. Eppes, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 10th October

1792 - ....

To the Earl of Guildford, for 137 Days Pay of

Lieutenant Colonel and Captain, as Commandant of the late Corps of Cinque Ports Volunteers, to the 10th May 1783 - -

To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expenses in reyiewing the Land Forces in the Year 1792 -

To D. Fraser, late Captain in the Queen's Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1792, for his long Service prior to the late War -To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, for various Periods ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Peter Hunter, for an Allowance, from 3d October 1789 to 15th July 1791, whilst he was employed to adjust the Differences and Disputes in the Bay of Honduras To James Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st December 1792, for his Services as late Superintendant Captain and Commander in Chief on the Mosquitto Shore «

To Colonel J. F. Erskine, for Half a Year's Pension, to 5th April 1793, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in Consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed -To Major Moore, for One Year's Allowance, to 24th of March 1793, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar -To Pierce Sinnot, Esquire, for One Year's D®, as late Governor of Niagara, to 3d May 1793 To Colonel Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th December 1792, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick -

To G. Toicnsend, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to the 31st December 1792 - -

To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 549 Days additional

Allowance as Commissary and Store Keeper in Nova Scotia, to 26th June 1792 -

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June

1793 - ....

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 182 Days D®,

as Quarter Master General, to D®

To Colonel J. F. Erskine, in full Compensation of the Remainder of a Pension granted to him in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in Consequence of a Regiment he raised in Switzerland, in

173 7 —

96 4 6

260 — 6

355 18 2

182 10 —

69 6 6

183 -

39 — 4 91 10 —

68 — 9 2,600 5 —

40 ——

68 16 6

952 — 6

250 ——

138 18 6

15o ——

150 ——

250 ——

183 ——

137 5 —

689 12 1

689 12 1

Army Extra-ordinaries.

the

28° Januarii

A,. 1794

38

Dates of Warrants.

1793*

July 9th. 29th.

30th.

August 7th.

9th.

21st.

September lGth.

20th.

October 23d. December 23d.

January 2d.

18th.

February 22d. April 10th

12th. August 7th.

the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed ——

To R. P. Tonge, for 182 Days Half Pay, for his Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -To James Laxorie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st June 1793, as late Superintendent, Captain, and Commander in Chief on the Musquito Shore ——

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to the 30th June 1793 -

To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 339 Days Pay, as Commissary of the Army at Halifax in America, to

31st May 1793 -....

To D#, for 339 Days additional Allowance, as D®,

to D* - -....

To Major General Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 To D®, for the Pay of Staff Officers at Duncannon Fort, from D® to D°

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -

To Colonel T. Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1793 ——

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -To Brook Watson, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Superintendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army, on the Continent, to 31st August 1793 -

To Major General Cuyler, for 182 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General in the Leeward Islands, to 24th June 1793 -

To W. J. Eppes, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 10th October

1793 -

To William Pennel, for Arrears of Pay while employed as a Seaman on the Lakes in Canada To Major Moore, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th September 1793, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar -To the Representatives of D. Chamier, Esquire, for 306 Days Pay, as Commissary in America, to the 1st February 1777 - -

To D®, for 604 Days D®, as Commissary of Accounts in D®, from 2d February 1777 to 27th November 1778 -

3,285 16 — 27 6 —

250 ——

90 10 —

254 5 — 84 15 —

258 12 — 458 19 — 67 17 6

250 ——

40 14 6

732 ——

.172 8 —

91 5 —

17 1 3

75 ——

612 ——

L992 -

To pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank One Year's Allowance, to Christmas 1792, for fiir-> nishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland To Sir John Inglis, Bart for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons in North Britain, from 1st January to 30th June

1792 -

To Lord Adam Gordon, for so much expended by him for the good of His Majesty's Service in North Britain, in the Year 1792 -

To Sir John Inglis, Bart, for Necessaries, &c. for the Forces in North Britain -

To R. B. Henderson, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons in North Britain, fix>m 1st July to 31st December 1792 ——

To Lord Adam Gordon, for the Purchase of a Vessel for the Use of the Garrison of Fort Augustus To R. B. Henderson, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Firing,

Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons in North Britain, from 1st January to 30th June 1793 ——

of Scotland for 499 8 7

929 — 9

300 ——

1,322 6 9

826 18 2 414 11 —

830 17 10

18,573 11 2

5,123 3 1

To

28° Januarii.

39

34 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1792.

July 25th.

November 21st.

December 26th.

1793.

January 2d.

16th.

23d.

February 1st. 6th.

13th. 20th. March 6 th. April 10th.

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops

in Guernsey, from 25th December 1791, to the 24th of June 1792 - - - - 224 9 5

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D° for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 16th June to 14th September 1792 - 143 15 10

To the Representatives of Joshua Darwin, deceased, for providing D° for the Forces in Tynemouth Barracks, &c. from 25th June to 31st August 1792 - 11 9 9

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing D° for the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 25th December 1791 to

24th June 1792 -.....158' — 3

To Colonel Trigge, Lieutenant Governor of Portsmouth, &c. for providing Utensils, &c. and furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. from 25th June to 24th December 1792 - - - - 154 183

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for Coals for the Use of the Sick of the 17th Regiment of Foot in the Hospital at Windsor, from 2d October 1789 to 1st June 1790 ----- - 22 16

To G. Leith, junior, for providing Coals, &c. for the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 25th June 1792 to 24th December following - - - - 106 3 4

To James Monypenny, Esquire, Master of the Barracks at Knightsbridge, for providing additional Companies, Recruits, &c. in the said Barracks with Coals and Candles, between 24th June and the 25th December 1792 - - - 319 14 8

To Colonel H. E. Fox, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, for the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures for Six Months, to 24th December 1792 ----- 872 — 1

To TV. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles,

&c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth,

St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th June to the

24th December 1792 ----- 134 310

To D#, for providing and repairing Utensils, &c. for the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th of December 1791 to 24th December 1792 - - 125 3 1

To E. Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, &c. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 25th June to the 24th December 1792 - - - - 526 — 10

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D° for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from the 15th September to 14th December 1792 - - - - 180 182

To William Patriarche, for D° supplied for the Forces in Jersey, from 25th June to 24th December 1792 - - - - 224 11 4

To James Boucher, Esquire, for providing D" for the Forces in Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 1st September 1792 to 24th December following - -- -- 41 66

To Francis North, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Coals, Candles, &c. from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792 - - 305 9 2

To Lieutenant Governor Singleton, for providing D° for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1792 - - - - 104 5 2

To Governor P. (E. Irving, for providing Coals and Candles, &c. for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792 10 — 2

To Lord Amherst, for supplying D# for the Troops in Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December

1792 - - -.....121103

To TV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock - -.....400 — —

To John Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished for the Forces in the Tower, for Six Months to Lady Day 1793 - 757 11 2

Army Extra-ordinaries.

To

40

Dates of Warrants.

1793-

April 26th.

May 1st.

15th.

July 9th.

10th. August 7th.

14th.

28 th.

September 25th. October 2d.

November 8th.

August 7 th.

February 13th.

May 15th. July 10th. August 21st. September 20th.

October 23d.

28° Januarii.

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from the 15th December 1792 to 15th March 1793 -To James Monypenny, Esquire, Master of the Bar-

racks at Knightsbridge, for providing divers Utensils for the said Barracks in the Year 1792 -To William Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 426^ Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar -

To D°, for the Extra Charge of Freight on 9704 Chaldrons of D°, sent to D® -To Lieutenant Governor B, for providing divers

Utensils for the Use of the Forces in Barracks, in Guernsey, in the Years 1787, 1788, 1789, and

179° - :. - ....

To D°, for providing D°, in the Years 1792 and

1793 -

To W. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 -

To D®, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock To J. Boucher, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles, &c. for the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 ——

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing D® for the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from D® to D®

To E. Kent, Esquire, for providing D® for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from D® to D° -To Colonel H. For, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, for the Amount of his general Account of Expenditure for Six Months, to 24th June 1793 -

To Lieutenant Governor Trigge, for providing Utensils, Coals, &c. for the Forces at Hilsea and Portsmouth Barracks, &c. from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 -

To William Patriarche, for Coals and Candles sup-

plied to the Forces in Jersey, from D® to D®

To J.Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries furnished by

him for the Forces in the Tower, for Six Months to Michaelmas 1793 -

To D®, for Utensils furnished for D® from Michaelmas 1792 to Michaelmas 1793 -

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in Guernsey, from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 -

To the Representatives of the Earl of Darlington, for furnishing D® for the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791 ——

To Lieutenant General Scott, for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards doing Duty at Windsor Castle, for One Year, to 24th December 1792 To J. Monypenny, for D®, for additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the Barracks at Knightsbridge, from 25th December 1792 to 24th June 1793 ——

188 4 —

205 2 —

661 1 6

291 4 6

57 9 11

69 8 5

411 11 11 300 ——

51 2 2

184 1 9

715 2 8

L337 5 6

719 — . 11 622 8 10

434 7 1

81 17 4

634 5 7

77 5 —

24 2 —

327 16 6

To James Johnson, on Account, for building new Stables for the 1st Regiment of Life Guards To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To P. Le Mesurier, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Alderney, for the Expences attending the fitting up of Barracks, &c, in the said Island To Messrs. J. and S. Trotter, for Barrack Bedding, &c. for the Forces ——

2,000 ——

1.500 -

1.500 —

2.500 -

400 ——

6,190 11 7

A. 1794.

12,356 10 4

To

34 Geo. III.

Bates of Deputy Secretary at War's Letters.

28° Janu.

41

ArmyExtra-

ordinaries.

1793*

January 1st

2 2d.

February 2d.

9th-

13th.

26th.

March 18th. 27th.

April 4th. 18th.

23d.

27th. May 7th.

23d.

June 10th.

29th. July 1st.

3d-

5th.

22d.

23d. August 2d.

5th.

23d.

Vol. 49.

To Mr. Dickson, to answer a Bill, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, towards the Expences of erecting Barracks at Manchester -To D®, to answer D#, drawn by an Officer of D°, for D# Service at Birmingham - -

To Messrs. Cox and C#, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D° Service at Sheffield - -

To D°, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D°, for D° Service at Nottingham -

To Messrs. Ross and Collyer, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 1st Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D° Service at Norwich -

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at D®

To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D® Service at Birmingham -To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Manchester -

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Birmingham - -

To Messrs. Ross and Collyer, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D® Service at Norwich -To Messrs. Cox and C®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Sheffield -To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D" Service at Birmingham -To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Coventry - -

To Messrs. Cox and C®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Nottingham -To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Sheffield -To Mr. Brummell, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Montgomery Militia, for D" Service at Birmingham - -

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at D® ——

To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D® Service at Birmingham -To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Coventry - -

To Mr. Armstrong, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 54th Regiment of Foot, for D® Service at Norwich ——

To Messrs. Cox and C®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Manchester -

To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D® Service at Birmingham - -

To Messrs. Cox ana C®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Nottingham -

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D®, for D® Service at Sheffield -To D®, to answer D®, drawn by Colonel De Lancey, Deputy Adjutant General, for D® Service at Hounslow ——

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service

at D®....

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Birmingham ——

M

2.000 — —

70 ——

500 ——

800 — —

1.000 -

1.000 -

500 ——

2.000 -

100 ——

2.000 -

500 ——

200 ——

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

1.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

126 16 9

800 ——

1.000 -

1,000 ——

1.000 -

80 ——

28° yatwarii.

A. 1794

42

Dates of Deputy Secretary at War's Letters.

m3-August 31st.

September 24th.

October 2d.

5th.

6to.

November 20th.

May 3d.

June 7th. August 21st. September 27th.

October 16th.

November 4th.

6th.

16th.

To Messrs. Ross and Collyet, to answer a, BHl drawn by an Officer of the 1st Regiment of Dragoon Guards, towards the Expence of erecting Barracks at Norwich -To Messrs. Cos and C®, to answer D*, drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D# Service at Birmingham -

To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D® Service at Coventry -To Messrs. Cox and C®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment Of Dragoons, for D* Service at Manchester -

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D* Service at Birmingham ——

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Manchester ——

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service at Birmingham ——

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by Colonel De Lancey, Deputy Adjutant General, for D® Service at Hounslow ——

To Colonel Oliver De Lancey, Superintendent General of Barracks, to pay Bills of several Barrack Masters, for the Purchase of Stores in their respective Districts ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D®, for Expences of Barracks now erecting at Hounslow ——

To D®, for Barrack Stores and Forage for Troops in temporary Barracks in Hampshire and Sussex,

&c....

To D®, to pay Bills of several Barrack Masters, for the Purchase of Stores in their respective Districts To D®, for Carpenter's Work done to the Barracks erecting at Hounslow -

To D®, for Bricklayer's Work done to D®

To D®, for the Purchase of Land for erecting Barracks at York - -

2,9>3 4 9 500 ——

1.000 ——

1.000 ——

500 ——

1.000 ——

1.000 ——

232 10 —

1.000 -

2.000 ——

2.000 ——

3,150 ——

2,656 17 7

5.000 -

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

2,179 5 11

Dates of Warrants.

January 2d. To Colonel Simcoe, for providing Knapsacks for the

Corps of Queen's Rangers - - - 11711 — -

October 23d. To Sir R. M. Keith, K. B. for providing Knapsacks for the Augmentation to the 10th Regiment of

Foot.....82 18 —

To Major General Ainslie, for D® for the 13th D® - 82 18 _

To Lieutenant General Grant, for D® for the 11th

D" - 82 18 —

To Major General Hotham, for D® for the 14th D® 82 18 _-

To Major General Bruce, for D® for the 16th D® - 82 18 _

To Sir J.Sebright, for D® for the 18th D® - - 82 18 _

To Lieutenant General Massey, for D® for the

27th D® - 55 8 __

To the Earl of Ross, for D* for the 32d D® - - 82 18 _

To Major General Adeane, for D® for the 45th D® - 82 18 —

To Major General Williamson, for D® for the 47th

D*.....82 18 —

To Lieutenant General Scott, for D® for the 58th D® - -' 55 8 —

To Lieutenant General Mathew, for D® to the

62d D®.....82 18 —

30th. To Lord Cathcart, for D® to 29th D® - - - 82 18 _

To the Earl of Balcarres, for D® to the 63d D® - 55 8 _

To Lieutenant General Gabbit, for D® to the 66th D® - -.....82 18 —

65i499 6 7

To

34 Geo. IIL

28° Januariu

43

Dates of Warrants.

1793-

November 8th.

13th.

20th.

March 20th.

May 29th. August 28th. September 18th.

25th.

November 27th.

Secretary at War's Letter.

October 2d.

Dates of Warrants.

October 2d.

1792. March 27th.

July 25th.

November 21st. December 31st.

>793-

January 2d.

Vo L. 49.

To Lord George Henry Lennox, for providing Knap*

sacks for the Augmentation tb the 25th Regiment of Foot -

To Lord Adam Gordon, for D° to the 1st Battalion of 1st D®

To D#, for D® to the 2d Battalion of D# Regiment -Tb Sir J.Vaughan, for D° to the 46th Regiment of Foot To Lieutenant General Jone for D# tb the 2d D# -To Lieutenant General Stopfo for D# to the 5th D# To Lieutenant General Lesh for D* to the 9th D® To Lieutenant General Clarke, for D® to the 30th D® To General Walsh, for D® to the 56th D®

To Sir T. S. Wilson, for D® to the 50th D®

To General Lambton, for D® to the 68th D* -

To Lieutenant General Tonyn, for D® to the 48th D® To Sir David Lindsay, for D® to the 59th D®

To Major General Hamilton, for D® to the 15th D® To General Grceme, for D® to the 19th D® -.

To Sir H. Monro, for D® to the 426 D*

To General Maitland, for D® tb the 49th D® -To Lieutenant General Campbell, for D®tb the 57th D* To Lieutenant General Prescott, for D® to the 28th D® - - - . -

To Sir J. Dotting, for D® to the 37th P*

To Lord Amherst, for D* to the 1st Battalion of the

60th D®....

To D®, for D® to the 2d Battalion of p® Regiment -To D®, for D® to the 3d Battalion of P®

To D°> for D® to the 4th Battalion of D*

82 18 —

82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 55 8 " 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 —

82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 —

To James Window, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector

B* mental Infirmaries, on Account of Contingent isbursements for Hospitals, &c.

To D®, on Account, for D® Service -

To D®, on Account, for D® Service -

To D®, on Account, for D® Service -

Tb D®, on Account, for D* Service -

To D®, on Account, for D® Servicd -

General of Re-

1.000 — —

1.000 ——

1.000 ——

1.000 ——

2.000 — —

2.000 ——

To Messrs. Cox and C®, on Account of Allowance to the Captains of the Foot Guards on Duty at St. James's, in lieu of a Table^ from the 2d March to 24th June 1793 ----- - 1,150 ——

To the Duke of Gloucester, for the Contingent Expenses of the Field Officers and Captains of the ist Regiment of Foot Guards, from P® to D® - 1,075 16 —

To the Duke of York, for D® of the 2d Regiment

of D®, from D® to D* ----- 700 4 —

To the Puke of Argyle, for D® of the 3d Regiment

of D®, from D® to D® - - - - 700 4 —

To sundry Agents, tb make good the Loss by Exchange on sundry Bills, drawn by the Right honourable H. T. Clements, for Subsistence of several Corps, on their Embarkation from Ireland To the Representatives of the late General for Grass

Money for the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in the Year 1783 -To D®, for the Marches, See. of D® Regiment, from the 25th of June

1782 to 24th June 1783....

To P®, for D®, from 25th June to 24th December 1783 -

To Mrs. Fisher and Mrs. Thresher, for Half a Year's Rent, to Michaelmas 1792, for the temporary Barracks at Knightsbridge -To William Peacock, Esquire, as a Compensation for raising Fdur Volunteer Companies for the Anglesea Militia, in the Year 1780 -

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expenses of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th of December 1792 To the Rev® William Wilmot, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1792 ——

Army Extra-ordinaries.

3»213 3

8,oou — —

3,626 4 —

77 5 6

186 11 —

126 2 6 68 8 6

140 18 —

300 ——

265 5 —

42 2 — To

44

Date* of Warrant*.

1793-

January 2d.

28° Januarii.

A. 1794.

16th.

23d.

February 20th.

27th.

March 20th. April 26th

May 1st.

15th.

July 3d.

August 7th.

21st

October 23d.

November 15th.

22d«

To Colonel Jama Moncrief, Deputy Quarter Master General, for his Contingent Disbursements, from 25th June to 24th December 1792 To Lieutenant General Morrisonfor his D# as Quarter Master General, from D' to D° - - *.

To Colonel De Lancey, for his D* as Deputy Adjutant General, from D° to D° - -

To D® for his Travelling and other Expenses on the Public Service, between 18th of May and 20th June 1792 -

To Sir William Augustus Pitt, for the Marches, &c. of the 10th

Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 -To William Brown, Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey, for One Year's Rent of a House, to 24th December 1792 -

To Major General Townsend, Superintendent of the Recruiting Service, for his Contingent Expenses, from 25th June to 24th December 1792 ——

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for Repairs of the Hospital at Windsor, during the Time the 17th Regiment of Foot was stationed there ——

To Thomas Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, Recruit House, &c. in the Year 1791 To Colonel Moncrief, for his Contingent Expenses as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 13th January to 6th March 1793 -To the Earl of Suffolk, for the Marches, &c. of the 97th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 -To D®, for D#, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 To D®, for D®, from 25th June 1782, to the 24th June 1783 -To Mrs. Fisher and Mrs. Thresher, for Half a Year's Rent, to Lady Day 1793, for the temporary Barracks at Knightsbridge To G. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines purchased for the Use of the Army ——

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for the.Contingent Expenses of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1792 to the 24th of June 1793 ——

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for his Contingent Expenses as Quarter Master General, from D* to D® -To Z. Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1793> a progressive List of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army ——

To Colonel A. Bailie, for inspecting Recruits -To Major General Townsend, for his Contingent Expenses as Su-perintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th Deember 1792 to 24th June 1793 -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for the Rent of certain Apartments customarily possessed by the Majors of the Foot Guards, converted into a Military Store, from Michaelmas 1792 to Midsummer 1793 -To the Representatives of Major General Me Nab, late Colonel of the 41 st Regiment of Foot, for sundry Claims on Account of the said Regiment ——

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing, &c. , Acts of Parliament, &c. for the Use of the Army ——

To Lieutenant General Hall, for providing Quarters, &c. for the Officers of the 3d Regiment of Foot in the Tower -To Messrs. J. and S. Trotters, to complete Payment of a Warrant for f. 12,218. 16. 6. for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces -

To F. S. Secretan, for Bedding furnished for the Invalids in the Island of Alderney -

To Messrs. Perry and Sons, for the Expenses of the Embarkation of Troops from their Dock, and for Charges on the Receipt, Delivery, and Management of Hay sent for the Cavaliy on the Continent ——

Towards which may be applied a Sum received from Claude Scott, Esquire, of -

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

78 3 —

174 4 —

78 3 —

106 15 —

193 2 8

00 16 —

155 7 6

29 6 6

0 N O 14 4

86 6 —

146 1 7

204 4 10

382 15 —

140 18 —

2,021 2 6

265 5 —

214 4 —

103 3

!27 3

152 8 —

78 3 f

321 10 —

490 6 8

241 9 —

3.79' 1 9

259 7 —

697 4 10

908,805 14 4

100,000 — —

808,805 14 4

34 Geo. III.

28° yanu.

45

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in the West Indies, at Gibraltar, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. Difference.

Major General Bruce's Regiment of Foot.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers,

and Private Men ----- - 1,052 14,567 2 6

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private

Men - -- -- - - 2,923 8 4

Agency - -- -- - - 252 3 1

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and

Serjeants ----- -- — 823 5 —

18,565 18 11

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - - - — 8,510 — 3

10,055 18 8

Sir John Vaughan's - - the same - - - . 1,052 . 10,055 18 8

Earl of Eglintoune's - - the same - - - - 1,052 - ~ 10,055 18 8

Lieutenant General Morris's - the same - 1,052 - - 10,055 18 8

Major General Powell's - - the same - 1,052 — ~ 10,055 18 8

Total Difference to be made good 5,260 £ 50,279 13 4

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo 1.. 49.

N

ESTIMATE

Difference between British and Irish Establishments#

Troot >sin the Bast Indies.

46

28° JMu.

A. 1794

< i j i i . j ..i . <.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments

in East India, for the Year 1794, being 365 Days.

of Foot, for Service

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive.

Pay....

Clothing -

Agency....

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master.

Lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot.

Pay....

Clothing ——

Agency - -

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon ——

Total for this Regiment

General Trapaud's Lieutenant General Gordon's Lieutenant General Murray's Sir William Medows's -Lieutenant General O'Hara's Sir Robert Abercromby's Major General Musgrave's Major General Marsh's -

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same

Total

Numbers.

513 13,082 4 6

- — 2,768 10 7 J

252 12 84

— — 472 16 —

1,132 _ 15,933 9 —

— — 3,059 18 104

271 12 54

- - 843 5 —

- - 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 — 20,108 5 4

1,132 10,188 20,108 5 4

- 10,700 £

1

Charge for 365 Days.

16,531 310

180,974 8 —

197,505 11 10

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Additional recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of £. 8,323. 17. 10 j.; which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

ESTIMATE

34 Geo. Ill

28° Januarii.

47

£STIMATfe of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East , Troops in the and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th East Indies. December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons. 8

Pay of Additiortals ----- - - 368 4 —

Clothing ----- --- - - 44 14 4

Agency ----- --- In all, for the Additional - Lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot, One Company. Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned *"* 385* 416 6 io£

Officers ----- -- 24 - 695 4 10!

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers - - 128 8 10I

Agency - -- -- - - 16 13 7

Allowance to the Captain - 38 5 —

In all, for One Company - - - 878 12 4

General Trapaud's - - - the same - 24 — 878 12 4

Lieutenant General Gordon's - the same - - - 24 — 878 12 4

Lieutenant General Murray's - the same -Sir William Medows's - - the same - 24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

Lieutenant General O'Hara's - the same - 24 — 878 12 4

Sir Robert Abercromby's - - the same - 24 — 878 12 4

Major General Musgrave's - the same -Major General Marsh's - - the same - 24 — 878 12 4

24 216 878 12 4 7,907 11 —

Total - - 224 £ 8,323 *7

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo Yonge.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for Recruiting. His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain; and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1794.

For the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account ——

For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain -Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, upon Account -

64,500 ——

80.000 ——

40.000 -

35.000 ——

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Total

219,500 ——

Geo. Yonge.

Vo l. 49.

ESTIMATE

48

28° Janu.

Supernumerary Officers.

A. 1794.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Horse

Grenadier

Guards.

2 Majors -

3 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains \ 6 Sub Lieutenants

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains 2 Surgeons -

VJ2 Riding Masters

each £.456. 5.

— 355- 17-

— 337- »2.

— 228. 2.

— 121. 13.

— 146. —

— 45- 12.

Agent -

Deputy Provost Marshal -

Foot. - - 1 Major and Captain -

T ... f 1 Captain -Invalids. - , Li(futenant.

Agency -

41st Reg* of Foot, or I Invalids.

1 Lieutenant Colonel, as Colonel and Captain -4 Captains ----- each £.171. 7.

8 Lieutenants - 79. 19.

6 Ensigns - - - — 62. 16.

1 Adjutant ——

1 Quarter Master ——

1 Surgeon ——

1 Mate ——

Agency -

Allowances to

1*5 Captains each £. 80. \Surgeon

400. — 82. 2.

Companies ef Invalids.

[ I Captain -< 3 Lieutenants [ 2 Ensigns -

£ 79* *9-

62. 16.

Agency -

Allowance to One Captain -

Officers of Independent Companies, upon Account -

Total

Charge for 365 Days.

- 912 10 —

6. 1,067 12 6

- 155 2 6

6. 675 5 —

6. ‘,368 15 —

173 7 6

4. 243 6 8

— 292

6. 9l 5 —

4,979 4 2

80

- 25

5,084 4 2

- - 259 6 3

172 17 6

80 13 6

253 11 —

- 669 259 17 9

- 411 5 —

1. 685 8 4

4- 639 14 8

7t 376 19 7f

68 10 10

- 79 *9 4

68 10 10

59 *9 5i

2,390 8 H

- 21 4 H

6.

482 2 6

2,893 14 10

171 7 1

4- 239 18 —

7t 125 13

536 18 3i

- 4 15 31

80

621 13 7

- - " 30,000

- - £ 39,118 16 7

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

34 Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

49

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; Paymaster to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary ^General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the General. Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1794.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c.

Fees at the Exchequer ——

Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. ——

Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto -

Judge Advocate General ——

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army *

Total

War Office, Geo.

28th January 1794.

£ s. d.

19*485

20,000

12,000

5,163 12 6

2,289 5 9

- 5,853

£ 64,790 18 3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land HalfPay.

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1794.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive ——

Allowance to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum, each - £ 50 — —

Ditto to Ten Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at Seven Pence per Diem each - - 106 92

Total - £

£ s. 146,843 10 10

156 9 2

147,000 ——

War Office, Geo. Yonge.

28th January 1794.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service HalfPay.

of the States General, for the Year 1794*

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive ——

j[j. s. d.

3,000 ——

War Office,

28th January 1794. Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 4<J.

O

50

28° Januarii

A. 1794.

Half Pay.

Widows

Pensions.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American

Forces, for the Year 1794.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive ——

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum ——

Total - - £.

£ e,

55,092 10 ~ 4,907 10 —

60,000 ——

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1794.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands* Rate of Pension. Charge.

1. s. d. £. s. d.

43 Widows of Colonels ----- 50 2,150

21 — Lieutenant Colonels - 40 840

21 - . — Majors - 30 630 — —

156 — Captains ----- 26 4,056

164 - — Lieutenants ----- 20 — 3,280

,37* — Ensigns, &c. ----- 16 2,192

1 Physician's Widow ----- 30

543 i3,»78

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Pay Masters

of the Pensions above stated ----- --- 658 l8 —

Salary of the Deputy Pay Master, per Annum ----- 100

758 18 —

Total - »3,936 18 —

From which deduct the following Sums, already provided; viz.

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons - 2,852 8 9

On Ditto for the Marine Corps - 1,152 10 —

4,004 18 9

Remains to be provided - £. 9,93i 19 3

In the 137 Widows above-mentioned are included the Widows of Comets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's W idow.

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge,

34 Geo. III.

28° yanu

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain; of several Corps of Fencible Men in North Britain; and of a. Corps of Fencible Men in the of Man; from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Bedford - -

Berks - -

Bucks - -

Cambridge -

Chester -

Cornwall -

Cumberland - -

Derby -

Devon -

Dorset - .

Durham - -

Essex - .

Gloucester - - m -

Hereford - m ' m

Herts - -

Huntingdon - - * -

Kent -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln -

Middlesex - - - _

Monmouth and Brecon -

Norfolk - -

Northampton - -

Northumberland - m

Nottingham - -

Oxford - -

Hutland -

Salop - -

Stafford -

Somerset - -

Southampton -

Suffolk - -

Surrey -

Sussex -

Warwick - -

Westmorland -

Wilts - - .

Worcester - - m -

York, West Riding - -

North Riding -

East Ridin s - -

Anglesea -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen Carnarvon - -

Denbigh -

Flint - -

Glamorgan - - .

Merioneth - -

Montgomery -

Pembroke - -

Radnor ' r Carried forward

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. TOTAL.

s. d. s* d.

1 474 . 7,313 17 1

- 1 666 10,609 7 2

- 1 666 10,609 7 2

- 1 573 9,25b 15 i°

- 1 666 10,609 7 2

1 759 11,867 18 5

- 1 380 5,924 7 11

1 666 10,609 7 2

3 i,9°5 30,369 10 1

1 759 - 11,867 18 5

1 474 7,3i3 17 1

- 2 1,145 18,472 2 7

- 2 i,i45 18,451 2 5

- 1 573 9,250 15 10

- 1 666 10,609 7 2

- 1 381 5,953 17 —

m 2 1,140 17,908 4 2 .

1 935 13,662 10 1

- 1 661 10,202 9 2

2 i,43o 22,884 3 6

3 i,897 29,786 2 6

" 1 474 7,474 n 2

2 1,146 18,501 11 8

" 1 759 1.1,867 18 5

- 1 - 666 10,609 7 2

" 1 573 9,250 15 10

1 665 io,579 18 1

1 145 2,340 5 5

1 759 11,867 18 5

" 1 666 10,609 7 2

1 989 14,810 17 8

- 3 1,148 18,479 1 8

2 i,i45 18,472 2 7

1 945 14,385 1 —

- 1 945 14,385 1 —

- 1 759 11,867 18 5

1 282 4,233. 9 8

- 1 935 13,662 10 1

1 666 10,609 7 2

" 2 L474 22,799 2 —

1 847 12,719 11 9

1 474 7,434 17 4

- 1 96 1,516 13 4

1 145 2,34Q 5 5

- 1 238 3,774 16 11

1 96 1,516 13 4

1 331 5,091 13 3

1 145 '2,340 5 5

1 430 6,888 — 5

- 1 96 1,516 13 4

- 1 287 4,665 16 7 1

- 1 . 189 2,784 7 1

- 1 145 2,340 5 5

10 1

1

Vol. 49.

Militia.

Militia Contingencies.

Militia

Clothing.

52 28 ? JanuaA. 1794.

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. TOTAL.

Brought forward - — 36,621 £. s. d. 575,262 12 1

North Britain: Sir James Grant's Regiment of Fencible Men - -Colonel Wemyss's Ditto -Colonel Montgomerie's Ditto -Earl of Breadalbane's Ditto -Marquis of Lorn's Ditto -Duke of Gordon's Ditto -Earl of Hopetoune's Ditto - -Major Balfour's Corps - - 697 697 697^ L394 697 697 697 2 66 12.647 4 9 12.647 4. 9 12.647 4 9 25,052 9 — 12.647 4 9 12.647 4 9 12.647 4 9 5,i4i 9 4 '

5,842 106,077 6 10

Isle of Man: Duke of Athol's Corps of Fencible Men - - 340 6,182 6,080 15 1 112,158 1 11

Total - - 42,803 £ 687,420 14 —

vr ar wince, />_ T7

:8th January 1794. Gt?'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Men, in the Year 1794.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Men, upon Account ----- ----- - For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to Ditto, upon Account -For the Allowance of Poundage to Ditto, upon Account - £. s. d. 25.000 115,000 20.000 — —

Total - - 160,000

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the

Year 1794.

Numbers.

i>543 Serjeants 1,053 Drummers -32,383 Rank and File

Rates.

- £514 7

305 210 5

Charge.

I. 8,840 2 1 3,180 18 9 81,632 2 11

L 93,653 9

War Office,

28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

D

eg;

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

OC

FT

<s

O

SO

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, and of Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from the respective

Periods under-mentioned to the 24th December 1793, inclusive.

CORPS.

C

CD

a

x

2

1

CO

w

cq

a>

si

,«o

*5

<D

E

o

s

cn

CO

CL

u.

O

C

OQ

3

CD

D

c-»

t»

r-t-

c*

Fourth Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from the 16th October 1793 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 70 Days -

Fifth Ditto, from 19th September 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 97 Days -Sixth Ditto, the same -

Sir James Steuart's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 18th September 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 98 Days.

Major General Powell's Regiment of Foot, from 26th February 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 302 Days ——

Lieutenant General Massey's, from 21st April 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 248 Days ——

Lieutenant General Prescott's, the same -

Major General Scott's, from 13th July 1793 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 165 Days Earl of Balcarres's, the same -

Sir Robert Boyd's, from 19th September 1793-10 the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 97 Days Major General Smith's, the same -

General Walsh's, the same ——

Major General Leland's, the same -

Earl of Suffolk's, the same ——

Sir George Osborn's, from 13th November 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 42 Days Four Battalions, formed of Flank Companies, for the same Period ——

Carried forward

Number. Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T O

£ s. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ d.

351 - - 2,660 8 3 330 11 10 49 12 4 82 — 10 3,122 13 3

351 3,686 11 5 458 2 2 68 15 1 H3 13 9 4.327 2 5

351 - - 3,686 11 5 458 2 2 68 15 1 H3 13 9 4,327 2 5

351 - - 3,724 11 7 462 16 7 69 9 3 114 17 2 4,371 14 7

j,4U4

689 - - 8,705 13 1 1,628 6 1 171 4 9 605 13 1 11,110 17 —

689 7,149 — 3 1,337 3 1 140 12 4 497 7 2 9,124 2 10

689 - - 7,149 — 3 1,337 3 1 140 12 4 497 7 3 9,124 2 10

689 m _ 4,756 8 — 889 12 8 93 11 2 330 18 1 6,070 9 11

689 - 4,756 8 — 889 12 8 93 11 2 330 18 1 6,070 9 11

689 2,796 3 9 522 19 11 55 — — 194 10 7 3,568 14 3

689 - - 2,796 .3 9 522 19 11 55 — 7 — 194 10 7 3,568 14 3

689 - - 2,796 3 9 522 19 Ll 55 — — iQ4 10 7 3,568 14 3

689 - - 2,796 3 9 522 19 11 55 — — 194 10 7 3,568 14 3

689 " - 2,796 3 9 522 19 11 55 ' — 194 10 7 3,568 14 3

839 - 1,382 4 5 275 2 7 25 *5 5 84 4 7 1,767 7 —

2,312 > " - 3,747 18 6 746 17 2 68 12 11 252 311 4,815 12 6

1U, U41

- 1L445

£ s. d.

16,148 12 8

65,926 13 3

ca

O

w

o

to

a

2:

82,075 5 n

5

s ? |i

©-5

Ot

© a

a S

o

cg

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o§

FT

CORPS.

(/>

*X3

i-'

<D

IP

<5

Brought forward -

'Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, from 25th May 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days -Ditto to Ditto, from 7th August 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 140 Days -Ditto of a Surgeon's Mate to Ditto, from 25th April 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 243 Days ——

Ditto of Ditto to Thirteen Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for the same Period -Augmentation to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 24th September 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 92 Days ——

Ditto to Four Regiments more -

Augmentation to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, from 25th June 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days -Ditto to Ditto, from 7th August 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 140 Days -

Ditto to Major Grose's Corps, from 25th June 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days -

Charge of Major Balfour's Corps of Fencible Men, from 12th August 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 135 Days -

Numbers.

11,445

13

234

936

Additional General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, upon Account ——

Slop Clothing, Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements for the several Corps and Augmentations above mentioned For the Purchase of Horses for the Augmentations to the Light Dragoons -

Total

672

1,875

68

266

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

£ s.

i,i93

2,547

334

15,519

521 3 10

L573 4 6,292 16

526 it 2

1,460 10 7

75.759 19 6

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men,

£, S* d.

280 4 1

1^120 l6 4

108 l8 11

267 — 7

13,205 9 7

Agency.

£ S. d.

4 13 2

J4 9 9

57 19 ~

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants

£ s. d.

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

128 8 — 105 ——

42 14 — 525 17 —

1,867 17 to 7,471 n 4

10 9 .2

25 19 ‘I

i,379 2 10

23 15 —

148 1 8

4,167 7 2

8,076 8 —

11,665 10 —

669 14 3

i,9°i 12 9

82,075

s. d.

5 11

10,141

19,741 18 —

2,571

20.000

21,137

30.000

185,667

War Office,

28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

Or

Si

8 2 |

Si

7*

16 5 *

h —

15 6

34 Geo. III.

28° Januarii,

55

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North,

for the Year 1794.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1794 - - - .

4,500 ——

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1794.

Chelsea In-Pensioners.

Pay per Annum of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Clothing for Ditto - -

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers ....

Board Wages and Table for Ditto - -....

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary ....

Tradesmen -

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries

£ d.

1*266 2 4

992 *9 5 3,796 9 — 483 5 —

1,800 ——

2,500 — —

4,100 ——

8,950 ——

4,000 ——

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1794

27,888 15 9 3,033 14 —

In all to be made good

c

24,855 1 9

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Levy Money, and of Horse Furniture and Accoutrements, for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1794.

Levy

Money.

Levy Money for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces in the

Year 1794, upon Account.....-

Charge of Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for Ditto, upon Account -

d.

120,000 ——

90,000 ——

Total

c

210,000 —

War Office, 28th January 1794.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordnance

Estimate

presented.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of for the Year 1794 — Land Service, the House. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Vol. 49.

56

28° Januariii

A. 1794

Ordnance

Service.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not

provided for by Parliament; viz'

On Account of Debt, to 31st December 1783.

Paid Debts incurred to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period....

On Account of 1792.

Grenada:

Paid on Account of Current Service and Contingencies ——

On Account of 1793*

Flanders:

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores Paid on Account of the Purchase of Horses for the Train of Artillery, Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies -

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers, consisting of 200 Men, from 1st April to 31st December 1793; also for Tools for the said Companies - -

£ d.

13S.917 16 9

27,484 18 1

3,915 17 10

Expedition under the Command of Sir Charles

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores For temporary Barracks for the Troops ----- Paid on Account of Civil Officers and Contingencies

I- s. d. 89,274 19 7

41,000 ——

1,064 3 8

Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira:

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores For the Purchase of 300 Horses ——

For Contingencies ----- - *

£. s. d. 43,442 10 —

7,500 -

737 16 —

Toulon:

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores sent from Gibraltar ' -

West Indies:

Paid for Contingencies on Account of the Expeditions from the Leeward Islands, and from Jamaica -Pay of One Company of Royal Military Artificers, consisting of 100 Men, from 1 ith September to 31st December 1793; also for Tools for the said Company ——

£. s. d. 6,064 3 9

1,005 2 2

Newfoundland

For Tools and Stores sent

For Stores sent

Halifax:

Upper Canada:

Pay of One Company of Royal Military Artificers, consisting of 100 Men, from 11th September to 31st December 1793; also for Tools for the said Company -

£s- d. 576 19 5

925 4 3

167,318 12 8

13L339 3 3

51,680 6 —

8,663 10 —

7,069 5 11

233 14

66 7 8

1,005 2 2 Bermuda

34 Geo. III.

28° yanuaril

57

Bermuda:

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores sent - -

Gibraltar:

For Barrack Bedding sent ....

Jersey: s. d.

For a supply of Stores sent - 2,580 10 11

Paid on Account of Extraordinary Expences for Defence of the Island - - 1,250 ——

Guernsey:

For a Supply of Powder and Stores sent ----- 5,394 14 7

Paid on Account of Extraordinary Expences for Defence of the Island - -- - 2,000 ——

Alderney: For a Supply of Ammunition and Stores sent

£. s. d.

4,742 — 3

1,276 4 9

3,830 10 11

7,394 *4 2,962 16 5

For Powder and Stores sent

Isle of Man:

259 18 6

For Barrack Bedding sent to the established Barracks at -

"Plymouth -

Portsmouth -

Dover ——

Sheemess -

Chatham -

Gravesend and Purfleet -

Woolwich - -

The Savoy, Knightsbridge, and the Tower

Hull....

Isle of Man -

Guernsey -

Jersey ——

1,028 13 2 617 4 — 311 4 2

92 3 ~ 595 17 11 8 13 11 357 15 2 1,891 9 8

222 9 2 33 19 — 993 10 — 2,004 12 —

Defence of the Coasts: For Iron Ordnance and Stores sent -

8,157 11 2

5,233 3 2

Regiment of Artillery, Engineers, and Military Artificers:

Pay of an Augmentation of 10 Sergeants, 20 Bombardiers, 10 Drummers, 100 Gunners, 1 Surgeon's Mate, 10 Sergeant Conductors, and 100 Drivers, to each of the Four marching Battalions of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Levy Money for the same, and the Difference of Pay between Four Lieutenant Colonels and Four Majors; and also an Augmentation of One Colonel Commandant, One Second Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel, and One Major, to the Invalid Battalion of the said Regiment, between 11th September and 31st December 1793 - - -12,121 l 4

420 ——

687 17 4

7,39* 19 9

34,592 14 4 2,513 14 —

20 5 — 6,247 16 6

Pay of an Augmentation of 30 Gentlemen Cadets to the Company belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 11th September to 31st December 1793 inclusive ——

Pay of a Company of Invalid Artillery for Service of the Island of Bermuda, from 9th July to 31st December 1793, both Days included -

Pay of an Augmentation of 433 Men and 618 Horses to the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, between 11th September and 31st December

1793 ....

For the Purchase of Horses, Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements, Gun Carriages, Ammunition, and Baggage Waggons, Forge Carts, and Harness for the Brigade of Royal rlorse Artillery -Pay of Five Companies of Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, between 20th August and 31st December 1793 Pay of an Augmentation of One Lieutenant Colonel to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 5th to 31st December 1793 -

Ammunition and Stores for the Field Train of Artillery in England -

63,995 8 3

Vol. 49.

Q

AuMC,

Ordnance

Service.

Ordrfcnta

Serrice*

58

28° yaniiarii.

A. 1794

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition for the Army:

Arms to the Life Guards, Horse and Dragoon Guards, to sundry Re* giments of Drdgoons, to the Three Regiments of Foot G unrtfs, and to sundry Regiments of Foot; also to the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal Military Artificers.

Deduct — 'already granted on this Account in the Estimates for the Year 1793 ——

jC* s. d.

- 107,941 17 n

Tents to the Horse and Dragoon Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot £. 8,413 3 —

Deduct — already granted on this Account in 1793 3,318 15 —

Ammunition to sundry Regiments for Service

Forge Carts for Service to sundry Regiments of Cavalry -

45,000 ——

62,941 17 11

5,094 8 —

2,797 4 6 545 7 —

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition for Militia:

Arms delivered to sundry Regiments of Militia - 41,496 8

Tents supplied to sundry Regiments of Militia - 8,383 3

Ammunition delivered to sundry Regiments of Militia, for Exercise and Service - -- --.....5,546 19

2

3

Woolwich:

For additional Storehouses and Stables ——

Extraordinary Expences of Labourers and Artificers at the Royal Laboratory ——

16,355 10 5 3,030 3 8

C

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, so far as Bills have appeared, to 5th December 1793, beyond the Allowance for Sea Service, on the Votes for 45,000 Seamen for 1793....

Unprovided - £.

I- *

71,378 17 5

55,426 10 6

19,385 14 1

612,921 15 4

30,350 3 6

643,271 18 10

34 Geo. III.

28° yanua.

59

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1794.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordnance

Service.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower -

And at the following Places;

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D*, and for proving Guns -Superintendent of Military Machines at D° -Hampton Court, and St. James's, Windsor, and Greenwich Woolwich ——

Purfleet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle ——

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey ——

Dover ——

Portsmouth - -

Priddy's Hard - -

Plymouth ——

Keyham Point ——

{Pendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, Berwick, Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort - -

Guernsey ——

Jersey - -

Isle of Man - -

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ——

s.

15,509 18 —

2,076 5 ~ 1,377 12 6 310 5 —

226 ——

570 ——

605 2 6

2 55 ——

663 17 6 144 15 —

380 ——

583 17 6 523 17 6

120 ——

823 17 6

303 17 6 653 17 6

170 — —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

430 ——

448 2 6

- 448 2 6

- 100 ——

520 17 — £. 27,245 5 —

- - - I-

£. *

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

North Britain

Gibraltar ——

Jamaica ——

St. Christopher ——

Antigua - - - r - -

Dominica - -

St. Vincent - - " -

Barbadoes - -

Grenada ——

Tobago r -

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec - - -' ——

Halifax ——

Annapolis ——

New Brunswick - -

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

v _

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons and Places under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several Barracks, Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Sotres for the Common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower.

Vol. 49.

13,622 12 6

554 10 ~ 1,381 7 6 273 15 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ~

219 ——

861 15 — 680 10 —

91 5 —

629 12 6 693 10 —

3,416 17 6

18.000 — —

15.000 ——

4,379 4 7

6.000 ——

2.000 ——

Pay

60

A. 1794

28° Jantl.

Ordnance

Service.

Pay of the Corjis of Royal Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 5,742 Men, Officers included - - * £. 155,547 1510 '

Pay of an Augmentation of Captains, & First Lieutenants, and 200 Drivers, to the Marching

Battalions of the Royal Regiment of Artillery 5,110 — *> £. s. d.

----- ----- ----- --160,657 15 10

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, consisting of 673 Men, Officers

included, and 900 Horses ..... - 51,293 12 8

Pay of First Gunners still remaining on the War Establishment - - 705 13 4

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons - - ‘ -

Pay of Superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer for Fees on the Sum of £. 1 >345,oo8. 2. 6. being the Amount of this Estimate ——

Ordinary - - £.

£. s.

12,282 5 —

212,657 1 id

2,327 15 —

2,066 5 —

20,720 17 9

2,216 10 —

324,162 14 2

EXTRAORDINARIES. 1794.

Newfoundland:

For Repairs of the Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, £. 3. d.

Current Service, and Contingencies ----- -- 2,000 ——

For Fuel for the Troops at St. John's, Placentia, St Pierre, and Miquelon 2,000----

For a Supply of Stores - -- 1,000 ——

Nova Scotia:

For building a Powder Magazine ----- - 4,000 ——

For Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 3,000 ——

Quebec:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

Upper Canada:

Pay of a Company of ROyal Military Artificers ----- 1,924 1 8

For Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 2,000----

Bermuda:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 1,000-

For a Supply of Stores ----- ---- 1,000----

Bahama Islands:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - 1,500----

For a Supply of Stores 1.....1,500----

Jamaica:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - . 2,000_

For a Supply of Stores ----- ---- 2,000-

Antigua:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

3. d.

5,000 ——

7,000 — — *

5,000 ——

3,924 1 S

2,000 — —

3,000 — —

4,000 — - —

4,000 . — —

St. Christopher: For Current Service, and Contingencies

4,000 — — Dominica:

54 Geo. Ill

28°Januariu

61

Dominica: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Barbadoes; For Current Service, and Contingencies -

St. VincEnt: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Grenada: For Current Service and Contingencies -

Tobago:

For Current "Service, and Contingencies -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers for the Service in the Islands in general -

St. Domingo:

Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers attending a Train of Artillery; also on Account of Contingencies ——

Gibraltar:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works ..

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Ma

gazines ----- -....

Contingencies in the Engineer's Department - -

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments -

Jersey:

For Repairs and Contingencies ----- -- 4,000 ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 962 — to

Guernsey:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs

at other Places in the Island ----- -- 4,000 -

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 962 — 10

Scotland:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

North-East District:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Landguard Fort:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CiNftUE Pouts:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Chatham:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockhamwood, and Ilowness, Current Service

and Contingencies - - - 9,075 18 4

For Repairs of the Lines - 1,000 ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - . - - - 1,924 1 8

Sheekness:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Gravesend and Tilbury:

For Repairs of the Works ——

£. s. d.

4,492 10 10 2,280 — 16,800 — —

2,600 ——

2,000 ——

1,827 9 2

For Repairs of the Buildings

Feveusham:

£ * d.

4,000 ——

4,000 ——

4.000 -

4.000 ——

4,000 ——

1,924 1 8

5,000

30,000 — j1 —

4.962 — 10

4.962 — 10

8,695 ——

2.000 -

2.000 -

4.000 -

12,000 ——

3,000 ——

3,000 ——

4,000 ——

Vol. 49.

R

Portsmouth:

Ordnance

Service.

62

Ordnance

Service*

28° Janu

Portsmouth:

For Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division ——

In further Part of the Charge for necessary Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town -In full of the Charge for completing the Works round the Common ----- -....

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

s. (I. 3,681 18 4

1.500 -

4,039 7 —

3.500 ——

1,924 1 8

Gosport:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines -In further part of the Charge for necessary Repairs of the Lines at Gosport, Weevil, and Priddy's Hard ——

For erecting a Powder Magazine, making a Cistern, and laying Platforms at Fort Monckton ——

In further Part of the Charge to continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all parts behind the said Wall -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

1,298 ——

350 ——

4,085 ——

1,000 ——

1,924 1 8

Plymouth:

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Castles, and at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies To complete the Repairs of the Lines round the Dock -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

2,941 11 4

3,134 7 — 1,924 1 8

Woolwich:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks, and Officers Quarters - 964 3 9

For erecting Barracks for Officers and Men of the Royal Horse ArtiHery,

and additional Storehouses and Stables - - - - 22,877 1 3

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 1,924 1 8

Royal Laboratory:

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers -

Isle of Man:

For Repairs, and Current Service - -

For Repairs of Buildings

Waltham Abbey;

Defence of the Coasts:

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and

putting them in a State of Defence ----- - 5,000 ——

For providing temporary Barracks for the Troops on the Coasts - 10,000 ——

Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers:

For Contingencies of Artillery -....

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery Levy Money for an Augmentation of 200 Drivers to the marching Battalions of the Royal Regiment of Artillery -Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey.....- -

Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery in Great Britain ----- Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain -

Pay of Five Companies of Royal Irish Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, consisting of 500 Men, Officers included On Account, for the Purchase of Horses, and for the Parks of Artillery in England ——

6.000 -

2.000 -

1,050 ——

6,291 7 8

1,943 19 2 1,768 14 —

12,136 5 —

50,000 ——

A. 1794.

£. s. d. 14,645 7 —

8,657 1 8

8.000 -

25,765 6 8

6.000 -

1.000 -

4.000 -

15,000 ——

81,190 5 10 Flanders:

Sowerhy Bridge and Castle Field (or the Rochdale) Canal Petition reported.

34 Geo. III. 28° Januarii.

63

Flanders: £.

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, with a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in Flanders; also on Account of Contingencies - 20,000 ——

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers * 3,848 3 4

£. . dk

23,848 3 4

Expedition under the Command of the Earl of MoiRa:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, attending a Train of Artillery { also on Account of Contingencies -

18,000 ——

Expedition under the Command of Sir Charles Grey:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, attending a Train of Artillery; also on Account of Contingencies

Salt Petre:

For the Purchase of 200 Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company *

Exttaordinaries -Ordinary - *

Ordinary and Extraordinaries -

20,000 ——

8,000 ——

— Jk

377,573 9 6 324,162 14 2

701,736 3 8

Unprovided

Debt to 31st December 17 1792 — Land Service f Land Service 793^$ea Service *

Office of Ordnance, 28 th January 1794.

G. Berkeley, J. Aldridg

The? Baillie

576 19 5

925 4 3

611,419 11 8

30,350 3 6

643,271 18 10

I-

i,345,oo8

2 6

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Land Owners, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Colonel Egerton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and to communicate with the Calder and Hebble Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, within the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, Deyne-head, Littleborough, and Rochdale, to Manchester, and to communicate with the Vo l. 49.

Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, at or deaf a Place called Castle Field, within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Navigable Branches from such intended Canal, in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of to or near a certain Highway called School-land, in the said Parish, and another to or near a Place called Hol-linwood, in the Parish of Prestwick cum Oldham, in the said County Palatine.

That the making and maintaining such Canal and Branches will be the Means of opening a Communication for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Coals, Stone, and Slate, between the East Sea at Hull, and the West Sea at Liverpool, whereby the Trade and Manufactures of many intermediate Towns and Places will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expence; and that the said Canal, by its Junction with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, will open an inland Navigable Communication with the City of London, the Towns of Lancaster and Kendal, the several Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Leicester, as well as with the Port of Bristol, and the Towns upon the River Severn, and will be of great Public Utility.

Ordnance

Service-.

'Committee on American Trade Acts.

Sported.

Sill ordered.

64

28° Januani. . 1794.

Mr. William Croslei/being examined, confirmed the Whole of the above Evidence.

Mr. James Holland, Mr. Thomas Fildes, and Mr. Isaac Jackson, being examined, confirmed so much of the Evidence of Mr. Rennie, as relates to the Advantages to be derived from the said Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Bridge

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal: And that Colonel Egerton and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from " being required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for " a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentythird Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies " and Plantations in America, with respect to certain " Articles therein mentioned and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " Territories belonging to the United States of America, " so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce " carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants " of the Countries belonging to the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the

Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Exchequer out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of lillls ordered. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-three."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-three."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Expences incurred for the Employment Expences of of Counsel relative to the Affairs of India by the Board of Controul, from the Date of the Appointment of the of Controul said Board down to the present Period. ordered.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of of the Salary annexed to the Office of Counsel to the colmseUo India Board of Controul, lately created, and now en- tj,e Board joyed by John Anstruther, Esquire. of Controul,

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Accounts Amount of the Pension granted to James Hayes, Esquire, to

late one of the Justices of the Grand Sessions, for the stir.SHayes. Counties in Wales.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, «the Pay to Com-Amount of the Pay granted to the several Commis- misaaries ap-saries for the Forces appointed in 1793, at Home and m

Abroad; with an Account of the Half Pay to which they will severally become entitled in Consequence thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Salary to Account of the Salary granted to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Gilbert Baronet, upon his Appointment as Commissioner at Toulon, together with all Perquisites and Emoluments attending the said Appointment. u

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Lord Yar-Account of the Expences incurred by the Mission of mouth's Mis-the Earl of Yarmouth, as Minister Plenipotentiary to the "°" to King of Prussia. rrus8,a'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Salary to Account of the Salary enjoyed by the Honourable Mr-William Eliot, as Charge des Affaires at the Court of

Berlin, with the Date to which the same has been continued.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Salary to Account of the Salary granted to Lord on Lord

his Mission to the Court of Berlin, together with all Malmesbury. Perquisites and Emoluments attending the said Mission, with the Date of the Commencement of such Salary.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Application Account of the Application and Expenditure of the of Su*Jls Per‘ Sums of £5,000 and £. 11,000, which, by an Act of Spmded for the last Session of Parliament, were permitted to be the Board of expended for the Service of the Board of Controul for Controul. East India Affairs.

Expences of

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sowerby Bridge and Castle Field (or the Rochdale) Canal Bill, presented.

Foundling Hospital Streets Paving, &c. Petition.

Warwick and Braunston Canal Petition.

34 Geo. Ill*

29° Januarii.

65

Mercurii, 29° die Jdnuarii;

Anno 34* Georgii III. U Regis, 1794; Praters.

MR. Blackburne presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Navigation, at or

near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of certain Pieces of Ground within the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, situate near the said Hospital, containing Fifty-six Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners have entered into Agreements with divers Persons for laying out and building several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places upon the said Ground, and several Houses have been already erected thereon, and the Petitioners propose to let the Remainder of the said Ground for the like Purpose, or the greatest Part thereof: And representing to the House, that, if proper Provision was made for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering, the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, which have been, and may be, set out and made upon the said Qround, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, the same would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons residing the rein, and resorting thereto, and, by inducing other Persons to take Building Leases, would greatly improve the value of the said Charity Estate: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering, the several Streets, and other Public Passages, and Places, which have been, and may be, set out and made over or upon the said Ground, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Warwick and Birmingham, and of the County of Warwick, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Levels, Surveys, and Estimates, lately taken and made, it appears, that a Canal, navigable for Boats, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be made from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, at or near

Warwick, to the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of Northampton; and that the making such Vol. 49.

Canal will open a very near Communication by Water between the Town of Birmingham and the Oxford Canal and Grand Junction Canal at Braunston afore-saidt and be the Means of increasing the Trade and Commerce of the said County of Warwick in general, and of the said Towns of Warwick and Birmingham in particular; and will likewise be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, at of near Warwick, to the Oxford Canal at Braunston aforesaid, under'such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon F'riday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac- Bill to extend cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining the Manche*-a Navigabie Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury c'a-Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place naito sLden called Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, by Roch- and Red dale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near to Mos8> pre-Sladen; and also another Navigable Canal from the *ented' said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Black rod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Benjoin's Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Ben join: And the Nat. Bill, same was received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Heintz Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Elias Heintz was committed; Bill, reported. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to ad-Housethis Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. Friday0

Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee to Bank of Soot-whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of land Petition, the Bank of Scotland was referred; That the Com- reported, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, > made in the Year 1605, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Bank in " Scotland," was read; whereby a Joint Stock, amount-

ing to the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established for carrying on and managing a Public Bank; and certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock; ana by the said Act it was declared, That all and every the Persons subscribing

S and

4

American Trade Bill, presented.

66 29° Januarii. 1794.

and paying to the said Joint Stock in Manner there- and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, in directed, should be One Body Politic and Cor- the same, porate, by the Name of The Governor and Company

of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they should The House being informed, That Mr. , from Accounts of

have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; g^he<iuer Seal; and certain Rules were thereby prescribed for and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to se1nt^c|Pre' die better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said their Orders,

Bank. — Then, An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bilb,

Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twenty- made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session fourth, and Thirty-second Years of His present Ma- of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain jesty's Reign, for enabling the said Governor and " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Company further to increase their said Capital Stock, " Service of the Year One thousand S^ven hundred were also read: And, " and Ninety-three :* And also,

John Spottiswoode, Esquire, being examined, said, An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills,

That the Bank of Scotland being of great National Ad- made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session vantage, a further Increase of its Capital Stock would of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further still tend greatly to the Advancement of Comnderce, " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for Agriculture, and Manufactures, and be otherwise highly " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred beneficial to the Public. " and Ninety-three."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to And then he withdrew, enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said The said Accounts are as followeth, viz.

Company: And that Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Pringle,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three."

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the

Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 29th Day of January 1794*

John R. Marlow.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bilb, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the

Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 29th Day of January 1794.

John R Marlow.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, accerding to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the

13

Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Estimate of Majesty's Command, Foreign

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1794.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

.34 Geo. - III.

£9° Januarii

67

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1794. Foreign

Troops.

Numbers. Charge.

Hanoverians: r £. s. d. L- d.

Pay - - -Recruiting, Artillery, and Contingent Charges 18,000 388,172 150,702 r«Q 0»i _

Troops‘belonging to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel: Pay - - -Subsidy - - - 12,000 223,099 81,310 535jo74 — — on A OAA

Troops belonging to the Landgrave of _ _ . Hesse Darmstadt: 3°4>3°9

Pay - - - - ----- - Subsidy - - - -Levy Money - - 3,000 55,774 20,302 25,997 1 *-V /\ MB /\

Troops belonging to the Margrave of Baden: 102,073

Pay - -Subsidy - -- -- -Levy Money - 754 14,018 5,105 4,944 24,067

Total - - - 33,754 C 969,323

War Office,

29th January 1794. Geo. Yonge.

Estimates, &c. presented.

Upper

Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

St. John's Island.

Cape Breton.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper from the

31st of December 1793 to the 31st of December 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in from the tst of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1794 to the 24th of June 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Sa John, in America, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1794 to the 24th of June 1795: And also,

Estimate Of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries Newfound-of the Governor and Civil Officers of the Island of Iand> Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1794 to the 1st of April 1795: Also, of a Patent under the Great Seal creating a Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction:

And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to 411 s' the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Bermuda.

" the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th June " 1794 to the 24th June 1795 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominioa.

" the Island of Dominica, from the 1 st of January 1794 " to the 1st of January 179,5: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- New South blishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of Wales. October 1793 to the 10th of October 1794: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates, 1794." Totals of the And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers Estimates, were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 49.

tiB

29° Januarii. A. 1794.

Upper

Canada*

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of rfrom

the 31st of December 1793 to the 31st of December 1794.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General - -

Solicitor General

Two Judges of the Common Pleas* at 500 per Annum each Clerk of the Crown and Pleas *<----

Two Sheriffs, at £ 100 per Annum each -Secretary and Register -

Clerk of the Council -....

Surveyor of Lands (no Salary)

Receiver General of the Revenues -Five Executive Councillors, £. 100 each -Naval Officer -

Agent ——

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit for the Year 1794 -

£ s. d.

2.000 — —

1,100 ----- <

300 — —

100 ——

1.000 ——

loo ——

200 ——

300 —

100 — —

200 ——

500 ——

100 ——

200 — — 250 ——

Total

6,

450 ——

Nova Scotia. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Justice -

Attorney General - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer - - - -....

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer -

Agent ——

Allowance to a Bishop ——

D° to Ministers ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate -

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Breynton, D* ——

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian Congregation Halifax, until otherwise provided for- - -

Allowance to the late Mrs. Howe, continued to her aged and distressed Daughter, Mrs. Deborah Cottnam ——

Allowance to the Superintendent of the Fishery ——

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit -

at

Total - -

£ >. d.

1,000 ——

850 ——

,50 ——

250 ——

100 — —

,50 ——

50 ——

200 —

700 ——

965 ——

75 ——

100 ——

150 ——

75 —

100 ——

200 ——

200 —

5,315 ——

34 Geo. III.

29° Januarii,

69

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in *

from 24th June 1794 to the 24th June 1795.

New

Brunswick.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Three Assistant Judges, at £. 306 each Attorney General - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer ----- -;

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Agent ——

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

To Allowance, on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies -

Total

£. s.

1,000 ——

500 ——

yoo ——

,50 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

150 ——

700 ——

500 ——

L

4,400 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America,

from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795.

St. John's' Island.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor.

Chief Justice - - - -_ -

Attorney General - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal ——

Minister - - - - -_-

Surveyor General -

Agent - -

Allowance for Contingencies ——

D* - on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

D* - to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for

D* - to the late Clerk of the Council, until otherwise provided for - , -

Total

£. 3. d.

500

300

- 150

100

100

70

100

130

- 100

- 90

- 60

£ 1,900

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, Cape Breton

from the 24th June 1794 to the 24th June 1795.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Agent ——

Allowance, upon Account, for unforeseen Contingencies -

£. s. d.

500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

too — —

100 ——

100 ——

150 ——

200 ——

Total

C 1,

800 ——

VOL. 49.

T

ro

29° Jariuariu

A. 1794

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands,

Bermudas.

Dominica.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers of the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1794 to the 1st of April 1795: Also, of a Patent under the Great Seal, creating a Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction.

Salary of the Governor

Governor's Secretary - -

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer -Agent - - - - .

To repay a like Sum advanced to defray the Expences of passing, under the Great Seal, a Patent, creating a Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction ——

On Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit -

/. sd.

500 ——

182 10 —

200 ——

100 ——

100 ——

111 11 6

100 ——

N. B. — An Allowance of £ 50 to the Missionary at St. John's

Total

£ 1,294 1 6

- 50 — —

£ 1,344 1 6

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st January 1795.

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Two Assistant Judges, at £. 200 per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - -

Provost Marshal ——

Attorney General ——

Naval Officer -

Minister -

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera ——

Three Missionaries to the other Islands, at £ 70 per Annum, each Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -Allowance to Mrs. Wigg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband Edmund Rush Wigg, the late Attorney General ——

Salary of the Agent ——

Allowance on Account of unforeseen Contingencies ——

£ d-

800 — —

500

400

150

150

150

150

70

70

210

150

700

ioo ——

,50 ——

500 ——

Total

4,250 ——

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th June 1794 to the 24th June 1795.

£500 ——

Fees on Receipt - - - - 80 ——

Total £ 580 — —

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1 st of January 1794 to the 1 st of January 17 95.

£ 600.

To cease when a Salary has been provided by the Legislature of the Island.

34 Geo. III. 29°

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of

October 1793 to the 10th of October 1794.

Salary to the Governor ....

Lieutenant Governor ....

Deputy Judge Advocate -

Commissary ——

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor - - - . - - - .

for Stationary ——

Chaplain ——

Surgeon ——

Three Mates, at £91. 5$/each - ....

Assistant D* ——

Surveyor of Lands ——

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island ——

Assistant Chaplain ——

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

D° at Norfolk Island -

Assistant Storekeeper -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Twelve Superintendents of Convicts, their Salaries increased from £.40 to £. 50 per Annum each, at the particular Recommendation of Governor Phillip ——

Allowance, at £. 500 per Annum, to Governor Philip, in consideration of his meritorious Services, to commence from the Date of his Successor's Commission, now passing the Great Seal, say 1st of February 1794 -

Upon Account for Fees and Audit ——

Agent ——

N. B. — One Additional Surgeon's Mate, upon the particular Representation of Governor Philip, of the Necessity of the Appointment ——

Total -

C d-

1,000 ——

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 — 91 5 —

91 5 —

20 ——

182 10 — 182 10 — 273 15 —

50 -

182 10 —

250 ——

146 ——

91 5 —

51 5 —

50 ——

9l 5 —

600 ——

345 13 2

200 ——

150 ——

4,74 3 2

9» 5 —

4,795 8 2

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES, 1794.

Upper Canada -

Nova Scotia ——

New Brunswick - -

Island of Saint John ——

Cape Breton ——

Newfoundland - - - .-

Bahamas ——

Bermudas ——

Dominica ——

f New South Wales ——

I-

£. s. d.

Allowance to a Missionary at St John's - - - - 50-

f Allowance to an Additional Surgeon's Mate in New South Wales - - -91 5 —

£. s. d.

6,450 ——

5,315 ——

4,400 ——

1,900 ——

1,800 ----- *

1,294 1 6

4,250 ——

580 ——

600 ——

4,704 3 2

3L293 4 8

141 5 —

Total

-1*

3L434 9 8

Vol. 49.

Ordered,

New South Wales.

Summary.

Steyning

Writ

Committee of Supply.

Benjoin

sworn.

St. Alban and South Mims Road Petition reported.

72 29° — 31° Jdnwriu A. 1794.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Curtis, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hen-dred, in the County of Berks.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 31° die Junuarii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1794.

Prayers,

1

QGEORGE BENJOIN took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Pluma' reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reigti of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the Road through the several Parishes of Michael, Saint Albany Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iti his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wa6 read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; by which the said Trustees w'ere enabled to divert and change the said Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban, to avoid certain steep Hills and sharp Turnings, which render the said Road dangerous for Carriages and Passengers; and to make other Improvements: And,

Mr. Thomas Cumber, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have had several

Meetings in order to put the said Act in execution, and for the purpose of making the said intended new Road into the Town of Saint Alban; and that it appears, from several Surveys which have been made, that the same cannot be executed in a proper Manner without taking down certain Buildings or Tenements, as described in the Petition, and which are held in Trust for the Church and Poor of the Parishes of Saint Alban and Saint Peter. — The Witness further said, That Application has been made to the acting Trustees of the said Charity, offering to purchase the said Buildings and Premises at a fair Valuation, but that One out of Six of the said acting Trustees absolutely refuses to sell or convey the said Tenements and Premises for the Purposes aforesaid; whereby the Trustees of the said Road are rendered unable to carry the intended Improvement into Effect, being restrained, by the said ^ct, from taking down Buildings, without the Consent of the Owners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint

Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to change the Course of the said Road, at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban:

And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, and Mr. Calvert, Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birchillaixi Wyrley and Essi/igton Canal Navigation, was presented Huddleston* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Canal, at

or near the Tow n of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also several Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, and the said Canal and Collateral Cuts are nearly completed according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Petitioners have caused Levels and Surveys to be taken, whereby it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from the said Wyrley and Canal at c r near Birchill, in the Parish of Walsall, to join the Coventry Canal at or near in the same County, and also a Navigable Cut from or out of the intended Canal at or near Little Bloxwich, in the Parish of Walsall, into certain Lands called The Lord's Hayes, in the Liberty of Wyrley, belonging to the Marquis of Stafford; and that the making the said Canal and Cut, together with proper Reservoirs, Railw ays, and other Works and Roads, to communicate therewith, will open Navigable Communications with several valuable and extensive Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Limestone, upon and near the Line of the said Canal and Cut, and will be of very great Benefit to the Owners thereof, and also to the several Persons residing or having Estates in that Part of the Country, and of Public Utility; and the Petitioners are willing to undertake the making such Navigable Canal and Cut as aforesaid, in case they shall be authorized so to do by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to make and maintain such Navigable Canal and Cut as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Goicer, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

J

;34< Geo. III. 31 yanu73

New Sarum A Petition of the Victuallers and Innkeepers of the and^nnk" City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was pre-n» PetitlonT* sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said City, from its Central Situation in the Western Counties of England, is subject to the serious Burthen of great Numbers of the Army, both Horse and Foot, which must inevitably pass through it in their usual Routes, besides the heavy Load of One or more Regiments, and especially of Horse, which are therein almost constantly quartered, and the same has been found, on Account of such Situation, to be in a more particular Manner oppressive to the Petitioners than to the Victuallers and Innkeepers of most other Cities and principal Towns in the-.Kingdom, inso much that it is impossible for them to carry on their Business* and to maintain themselves and Families, without rsome effectual Relief; and that Barracks for the Accommodation of the Army, where Troops have heretofore been usually quartered on the Victuallers and Innkeepers of many Cities and Towns, have been built, or are now building, to their great Relief: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and take such Measures for the Relief of the Petitioners, either by causing to be built and erected for the Use of such of His Majesty's Forces as may be resident in, or pass through, the said City, Such convenient Barracks as may be sufficient for those Purposes, or by such other Measures as to the House may seem most expedient for redressing the very heavy Grievance and Oppression which at present the Petitioners particularly labour under.

Ordered, That fthe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Waiter In- A, Bill for inclosing, and:otherwise inqaroving, certain

closure Bill Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township committed. of War ter, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wilberforce, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition for The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the widening the City of London attended at the Door; they were called Passages at in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, tnTslow^ A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and h;ii Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the principal Avenue of Communication between the Cities of London and Westminster, by Temple Bar, and the other Avenue, between the City of London and the New Buildings towards the North and West, by Snow Hill, are much too narrow for the increased Trade and Population of the Metropolis, and very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the widening and improving the said Passages, and making proper Communications therewith, would be a very great Advantage and Accommodation to the Public in general, and afford additional Security to the Lives and Property of His Majesty's Subjects: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving the said Passages, and making proper Communications therewith, and for defraying the Expence thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hetntz Nat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Elias Heintz, was Bill passed, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Heintz.

Vol. 49l.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Account of give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been Addresses, issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houses, an Accounts Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the ordered. Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10$. per Centum per Annum for Six Months, of the Principal ay"

Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due interest, &c. on the loth Day of October 1793, on the several Orders on Orders (or made out, pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty- ^j^can eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's „„S' Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered Florida in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Sufleren. Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyaky to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, &c.

&c. which will become due on the 5th of April 1794; together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1794, after the same Rate of £.3. ioj. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with ^.6. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money issued Account of the Monies which have been issued in for the Prose* Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on Hastin'* the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, r‘ 88 ** and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an For sending Account of the Expence of sending Provisions, and Provisions, sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, &c-to New and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Ex- South Wale*‘ pences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an For main tain-Account of the Monies which have been issued to ing Convicts James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintain- at Langstons ing and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Ports- moutlT&c mouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Formaintain-Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Es- ing Convicts quire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and JjPthe employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which ames* have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an To the late Account of the Monies which have been issued to the late Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State nue and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Re- officers, venues, belonging to the Crown, and their Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

A Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for re- American gulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Ma- Trade Bill jesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories comm, tted* belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on

U between

Accounts

presented.

Salary to Mr. Eliot.

Salary to Lord

Malmesbury.

Pension to Mr. Hayes.

Pay to Commissaries appointed in *793-

Sa!aiy to Sir

Gilbert

Elliot.

74

between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, of the 28th of " January 1794, for an Account of the Salary enjoyed by the Honourable Williatn Eliot, as ChargS " des Affaires at the Court of Berlin, with the Date " to which the same has been continued And also. An Account of the Salary granted to Lord Malmesbury, on his Mission to the Court of Berlin, together with all Perquisites and Emoluments attending the said Mission, with the Date of the Commencement of such Salary: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Pension " granted to James Hayes, Esquire, late one of the Justices of the Grand Sessions for the Counties in " Wales:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Pay granted " to the several Commissaries for the Forces appointed " in 1793, at Home and Abroad; with an Account of " the Half Pay to which they will severally become " entitled in Consequence thereofAnd also,

An Account of the Salary granted to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, upon his Appointment as Commissioner at Toulon, together with all Perquisites and Emoluments attending the said Appointment: And also,

A. 1794.

An Account of thfe Expences incurred by the Mission of the Earl of Yarmouth, as Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Men lost and disabled in His Majesty's Land Service, including Marines serving on Shore, and Foreign Troops in British Pay, by Death, Captivity, Wounds, Sickness, or Desertion, serving on the Continent of Europe, from the 1st of February 1793 to the Date of the last Returns, inclusive; distinguishing each Corps and Service!

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1794: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1794.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth j viz.

31° Janu

Expences of Lord Yarmouth's Mission to Prussia.

Account of Men lost and disabled in the Land Service, ordered.

Estimates of Ordinary and Extra of Navy presented.

34 Geo. III.

31° Januarii.

75

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navt, for the Year 1794.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &e. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions, and other Allowances

34.068

11,091

' "I

9 3)

4. ' ' Chatham 4,200 5 — '

5. Deptford - 3,585 18 —

6. Woolwich 0 1 1 l l 1 16 —

7- $ I Cfl Portsmouth - - - 6,126 10 —

8. Sheemess - - . 2,434 8 6

9- - < Plymouth 4,946 7 8„

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Porta ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,1

Buildings, &c. - - -j

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ....

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ....

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1794 - £.

61,892 17 1 4 5,>59 11 4

25.351 5 2

5,298 6 i i 44,714 18 6 20,269 13 4 28,690 ——

158,600 ——

114,000 ——

1,231 17 6 42,954 8 4

9,858 13 1

558,021 11 3

Navy

Estimates.

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1794, amounts to Five hundred and Fifty-eight thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three-pence.

Henry Martin. J. Henslow. mi*Rule. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. TV. Palmer. Sam‘Wallis.

A. S. Hamond. S. Marshall.

Vol. 49.

c,

25

3

NAVY OFFICE, 28th January 1794.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other

Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to-be done upon' the-Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1794.

O

Place where.

Deptfobd

WooLwich -

D

(Q

r-4-

N'

CD

CL

cr

Chatham

CD

o

0§

ft

Guns,

98

74

50

20

98

74

50

36

32

110

98

32

98

74

64

Ships Names.

Neptune -

Mars

Grampus

Narcissus

Ocean Centaur -Isis

Leocadia

Ambuscade

Ville de Paris Temeraire Stag Unicom Prince George Defiance -Venerable Polyphemus Scipio -

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Building -

Building ... Middling Repair -Between Middling and") Great Repair - -j

Building Building Large Repair Large Repair Middling Repair

Building Building Building Building Middling Repair Middling Repair Small Repair Small Repair Small Repair

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand February 1794

In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand April 1794 In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand August 1 79a In Hand -In Hand In Hand April 1794 -

when may be Charge of their Total.

1 Completed. V ✓ ‘ Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£ 6 L

- Uncertain - - 12,500 m m 12,500

- December 1794 m 17,400 6,730 24,130

- Uncertain - - 7,800 1,500 9,300

- December 1794 - 6,700 O O

Uncertain - 8,400 m 8,400

- Uncertain - - 9,500 . 9)500

- May 1794 - - 7,500 2,220 9,720

- Uncertain - m 9,700 3,300 13,000

m March 1794 m 3,000 2,100 5,100

Uncertain - 5,000 m m 5.000

- Uncertain - 6,000 _ - 6,000

- December 1794 8,800 3,100 11,900

- December 1794 8,800 3,100 11,900

m Uncertain - 12,600 900 13,500

- July 1794 - 15,000 2,390 17,390

- April 1794 9,400 2,490 11,890

- April 1794 5,600 880 6,480

June 1794 6,800 1,830 8,630

05

c

I.

-I

o

►r*

o

Sheerness

Portsmouth

Plymouth

X

50 Antelope

— Jupiter

28 Maidstone -

98 Prince of Wales

Dreadnought

50 Tiger -

74 Triumph

— Elizabeth

Sloop Brisk -

— Ariel -

— Calypso

Fireship Alecto

110 Hibernia

80 Foudroyant -

98 Formidable -

74 Bombay Castle

— Carnatic

32 Amazon

g

eg'

r — fr

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 2, too 2,100

- f Between Middling and *1 \ Great Repair - - J In Hand - - May 1794 - - 6,700 — 6,700

- f Between Middling and 1 (. Great Repair - - j May 1794 Uncertain - - 5,100 3>°?° 8,100

Building - - In Hand - - March 1794 - - 6,000 6,000

- Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 5,000 — 5,000

- Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 1,000 — 1,000

- Great Repair - In Hand - - August 1794 - 20,700 910 21,610

- fBetween Small and Mid-' \ dling Repair [Between Small and Mid- i 1 August 1794 -June 1794 Uncertain - -August 1794 - 7,000 2,080 3>oooo 10,000

" 1 dling Repair \ 1,020 3,100

- Middling Repair - September 1794 December 1794 2,500 1,200 3,700

- f Between Middling and \ Great Repair - } In Hand - - April 1794 - - 3,000 — 3,000

Great Repair - August 1794 - November 1794 4,000 930 4,930

Building In Hand - - Uncertain - - 5,000 5,000

- Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 6,200 — 6,200

- Middling Repair - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 12,800 — 12,800

- Middling Repair - In Hand - - April 1794 - - 11,100 140 11,240

- Middling Repair - In Hand - - U ncertain - - 12,800 2,500 15,300

- Large Repair - - May 1794 - August 1794 7»300 2,190 9,490

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards - 280,880 45,430 326,310

CO

O

w

o

CO

Si

a

:s

a

. *0

Place where. - Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repair.

River Thames 38 Artois Built -

Apollo - - Building - -

— Diana - - Building - -

— Diamond - - Building " -

— Jason - - Building - -

— Seahorse - - - Building - -

32 Greyhound - - Repairing - - -

Sloop Cormorant - - Built - - *

— Favorite - - - Building - -

— . Hornet - - - Building - -

— Pylades - - - Building - -

— Ranger - - Building -

Northfleet — Lark - - Building - -

Gravesend — Lynx - - Building -

Frindsbury — Hazard - . Building _

— Peterell - - - Building - -

Harwich Alcmene - m - Building - -

Chapel - Sloop Ratler - - Building m -

Bursledon 32 Galatea - - - Building - i

Bucklershard — Cerberus - - - Building - - - |

North a m 32 Lively m - Building - " ' 1 >

YARDS:

00

Time when may be Charge of their Tot at.

Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£ 2,080 c c 2,080

In Hand - - March 1794 - - 7,370 4,5*0 11,890

In Hand - - March 1794 - - 6,700 6,700

In Hand - - March 1794 - - 6,500 3,620 10,120

In Hand - - April 1794 - - 8,800 3,620 12,420

In Hand - - June 1794 - - 9,90° 3,620 13,520

In Hand - - Next Month - 4,040 - 4,040

- - - 1,600 2,150 3,750

In Hand - - Next Month - 1,620 ' 2,150 3,770

In Hand - - This Month - - 2,570 2,150 4,720

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,5 JO 2,010 4,520

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,430 2,010 4,440

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,210 2,210 4,420

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,190 2,210 4,400

In Hand m Next Month _ 3,000 2,270 5,270

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,970 2,0 lb 4,980

In Hand - - April 1794 - - 8,900 3,100 12,000

In Hand - - Next Month - 3,660 J,39° 5,050

In Hand - - April 1794 - - 4,000 2,610 6,6lO

In Hand - - April 1794 - - 8,000 2,610 10,6l0

In Hand - - April 1794 - w 7,000 2,610 9,610

Total - - 98,050 46,870 144,920

Grand Total for the Ships - - 378,930 92,300 471,230

Navy Estimates.

c

t*1

iO

Deptford

Woolwich -

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth

On WORKS of the YARDS.

Towards building a new Rigging House, Sail Loft, 8cc. on the South Side of the Storehouse ——

To complete the Mast Houses, Slip, and Wharf Wall to the said Slip, with Eleven Walls for forming the Mast Locks on the North Side of the Mast Pond - -..... ——

To complete the new Mould Loft ——

Towards building Part of the New Rigging House to- the Second Floor ——

Towards building Two New Houses over the South Mast Pond ——

L

4,000

12,500

260

5,100

2,000

To complete the New Smith's Shop ——

To building a New Block Shop and Pound for the Foreman afloat ——

To building and fltting a Pump House to the New South Dock ——

To completing the New South Dock - - - .-

To completing the Dam for carrying on the Repairs of the Double Dock -

Towards carrying on the Repairs of the Wharf and Piers of the Double Dock -

Towards building a small Dock, or Graving Place, at the North Part of the Yard - -

To carrying on 360 Feet running of Stone Wharf to the Inner Mast Pond - - - _ -

Towards carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the North Side of the New Mast Pond, in order to secure the Foundation of the South Storehouse and Drains - *- ——

Towards carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the South Side of the Boat-house Channel - -

To taking away the Dam and Ground at the Stern of the New South Dock ——

730

1,180

2,750

16,100

4,400

3.000

2.000

5.000

2.100

2.100

1.000

- To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill -

To digging away the Rock which the Old House Carpenter's Shop, &c. stood on Towards building the West Cross New Storehouse -Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head

700

1,100

4,700

2,900

I?

' t?

c.

<0

34 Geo. III.

D

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

B 3.

P P 2

Pf

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank-houses that stand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses - -

To digging away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Bricklayer's and Mason's Sheds -

To building the Bricklayer's and Mason's Sheds, and Party Wall ——

To completing the East Cross New Storehouse - -

To building a New Working Shed between the South and Double Docks, on the Ground where the Old Pitch House stood -

To building Three Saw Pits, in a Range with those at the East End of the New Storehouses - -

Total

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward -

Grand Total

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards -Towards the Improvements in the Yards

R A C T. £

Hulls - 280,880

Rigging and Stores - 45,430 J

Hulls - 98,0.50

Rigging and Stores - 46,870 j

Grand Total

c

326,310

144,920

76,080

I- 547,310

Viz1.

The Sum of Five hundred Forty-seven thousand Three hundred and Ten Pounds.

Henry Martin. Geo. Rogers.

A. S. Hamond.

J. Henslmo. S. Marsh.

Will" Rule. . W. Palmer.

Geo. Marsh. Sam1 Wallis.

C

310

150

870

200

460

470

76,080

471,230

547,3io

o

00

o

S*

a

s

Si

ft

3.

<0

Committee of Supply.

Treaty with Sardinia; &n< Accounts of Exchequer Bills; referred.

Accounts of Salaries to Mr. Eliot,

Ac. &c. to be printed.

Report

Supply.

34 Geo. III. 31° Januarii. — 1° 81

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-11 posed, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, signed at London the 25th of April 1793, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 17th Day of June in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of January 1743, of the Translation of His Majesty's Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms the -rV September 1743, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of November 1704, of the Translation of the Treaty with the Duke of Savoy, of die 4th of August 1704, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, signed at London, the 25th of April 1793, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Ci thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers and Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Charles Long, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which, upon Wednesday last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in Vol. 49.

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen. That Eighty-five thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, including Twelve thousand One hundred and Fifteen Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum for That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per SeamtD-Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighty-five thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Committee ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Ways and House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1,0111

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Chaplain this House be given to the Reverend Thomas Hay, thawed* Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster;and that he be desired to print

the same.

Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, pursuant to Accounts of their Orders, Expences of

An Account of all Expences incurred for the Employment of Counsel relative to the Affairs of India by controul;and the Board of Controul, from the Date of the Appoint- of Application ment of the said Board down to the present Period: of Sums ex* And also'

An Account of the Application and Expenditure of '

Three-fourths of the Sum of £ 11,000, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was permitted to be expended for the Service of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, from Lady Day 1793 (when the Payment of the same commenced) to Christmas Day 1793: And also,

An Account of the Application and Expenditure of Three-fourths of the Sum of £.5,000, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was permitted to be expended for the Service of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, from Lady Day 1793 (when the Payment of the same commenced) to Christmas Day 1793.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati 1° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MB. Montgomery presented to the House, accord- Bank ofScoting to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and land Bill, pre-Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase 8ented‘ the Capital Stock of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Y A Petition

82 1° Februarii. A. 1794.

Petition re- A Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, spotting the Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Elation for Parker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard

i-ariki? Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and which, on the 3d Day of March 1791, was by them reported to the House, that the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is declared to be in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving their Title to spch Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such Apprenticeship within the said City, and in no others; and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 17th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Maze's Nat A Petition of James Maze was presented to the Petition. House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Malmesbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased.*

State of Afri- The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe-

can Forts, cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

presented. presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, the 27th February 1793: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, and Vernon's Fort, Pram Pram: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort, 15th February 1793: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, the 9th March 1793: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Appolonia Fort, 1 oth February 1793: And also,

N* 6, State of the British Colony on the Island of Bulama, the 10th January 1793: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Tantumquerry Fort:

And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, 7th March 1793: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken 18th February 1793: And also,

N° 10. State and Condition of Williams,

Whydah, the 15th March 1793: And also,

N° 11. State and Condition of Succondee Settlement, the 22d February 1793.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To make good That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Engagement* be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty ^ms

to make good His Engagements with the King of 0 u Sardinia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For paying off That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Exchequer Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer biU3*

Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*

That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Names of any Officers, Natives of any Foreign Country, who are now employed under the Earl of Moira, and receiving the Pay of Great Britain. ployed under

It passed in the Negative. Lord^Moira.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Answer to Address.

Petition from certain Electors of Westminster respecting the Right of Election.

34 Geo. III. 3° Febma. 83

bunas, 5° die Februarii;

Anno 34® Georgii IIItil Regis, 1794. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee, lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th day of July 1789, report to this House, " That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that " the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend upon " the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements, in Writing, " of the Right of Election for which they respectively " contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a Statement, as " follows: — " The Petitioner, Lord Hood, states the *< Right of Election, for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes " of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, " Saint George Hanover Square, and the Liberty of " Saint Martin Le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, " and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le " Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of " the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called The " Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle " Ward, and Precinct of the Savoythat the Electors " Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows — " The Electors Petitioners state, That the Right of " Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is " in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland " Lot, within the united Parishes of Saint Margaret " and Saint John, in the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George " Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le " Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in so much " of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not " within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the " Dutchy of Lancaster, called, The Temple Bar Ward, " The RoyalWard, The Middle Ward, and Precinct of " the Savoy;" that the Sitting Member, Lord John " Townshend, delivered in a Statement, as follows — " The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint " John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James " Westminster, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement

" Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Mary le Savoy, " Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann Soho, and the " District of Saint Martin le Grand;" — That, upon the " Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, the said " Select Committee have determined, " That the " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes " of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, " Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of " Saint Martin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, " and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin " in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary " le Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards " of the Liberty of the Dutchy of ." — That,

" upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting " Member, the Committee have determined, " That " the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City " and Liberty of Westminster;" and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and'true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 20th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulations of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House being informed, that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of 1,630,615. 1 s. 4 d. in One Year, from February 5th 1793 to January 31st 1794, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of 412,655.3 s. 7 to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st February and 1st May 1794: And also,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of Bills made payable by the Treasury, and paid at the Bank of England, from 1st January to 31st December 1793.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Vol. 49.

An

Account of Reduction of National Debt; and of Bills paid at the Bank; presented.

Ad ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £1,630,615. 1. 4. in One Year, from February 5th 1793 to January 31st 1794, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th of Geo. ill.

for the Reduction of the National Debt.

D".

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C".

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Acts direct; viz.

Capital Stock.

1,312,955 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann* -468,700 Reduc'd Ann4 Consol4 - »

209,550 Old South Sea Ann*

152,200 New South Sea Ann*

31,000 £3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 -

£ s. d. 985,652 13 9 352,898 18 3 155,675 15 — 113,116 6 10 23,271 7 6

£ 2,174,405 The Interest on which is £ 65,232. 3 per \ 1 — *- Annum.

',630,615

4

4 By Cash received at sundry Times, viz.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues ——

D* being an Additional Issue - -

on 3,525,000 Consol4 3 per Cent Ann* due 5th Jan'r 1793 -

1.335.000 New South Sea Ann* - - - D°

420.000 £3 per Cent. Ann*, 1751 - - D°

3.110.000 Reduc'd Ann* Consol4, due 5 April 1793

1.755.000 Old South Sea Ann* - - D*

4.025.000 Consol4 3 per Cent Ann', due 5 July 1793

1.432.000 New South Sea Ann* - - - D*

434.000 £3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - - D* - -

3.350.000 Reduc'd Ann* Consol4, due 10 Oct* 1793

1.850.000 Old South Sea Ann* - - - D#

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann' on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years, before the 5th Jan,r 1793

D# —

For Six Months Int.

D° —

D* —

D° —

D° —

D* —

D° —

D° —

D* —

D* —

being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between the 5th Janr,r 1786 and 5th Janrr 1793; viz.

Anno. £ s. d.

1745 1,109 10

1746 - 3,058 10

1757 3,376 10

1778 - 121 13

1779 -..... 468 —

D* — being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years which expired the

5th Feb,f 1792; viz.

For 99 Years - - - 48,515 2 4

For 96 Years ... 6,365 12 —

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777 - -

£ s‘ 1,000,000 — 200,000 —

52,875 -20,025 — 6,300 — 46,650 -26,325 -60,375 -

21,480 — 6,510 ~ 50,250 -27,750 -

24,060 4 -

d. CO -

8,134 3 —

54,880 14 4 25,000 — —

1,630,615 1 4

Bank of England, 3d February 1794.

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st of February

and the 1st of May 1794.

1794.

Jan, jr 10. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue ----- D* — being the Amount «f Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired,

For 99 Years - - - - 12,128 15 7*1

For 96 Years - - - - 1,591 8 — J

For 6 M*' Int. on 4,860,000 Consol4 3 per Cent. Ann'due 5th Janrr 1794 D* — 1,495,000 New South Sea Ann* - - - D°

D* — 449,000 £3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - - D*

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Ith* of a Year, at the Rate of £ 1. per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £ 6,250,000 Consol4 3 per Cent. Ann* Subscription 1793 ——

250,000 ——

13,720 3 7

72,900 ——

22,425 ——

6,735 ——

46,875 ——

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

412,655

3

7

3° Februarii. A. 1794.

34 Geo. Ill

3° Februarii.

85

Accounts

presented.

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Sums wanting for Payment of Interest, &c. on Orders for Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers.

An ACCOUNT of Bills of Exchange ‘accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, th* Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable and paid at the Bank of England, from the ist Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1793.

' Bills drawn from the West Indies,- &c.

Bills drawn by Brook Watson, Esquin the Continent - -

Bills drawn by Claude Scott, Esquir Account of Government

Bills drawn on D8 for Ditto Repaid on Account of the above Bills

Due to the Bank -

£ 3. d.

- 134,900 10 2

on 423,385 6 10

on 315,348 — 4

246,041 9 3

1,119,675 12 7

694,456 5 6

£ 425,219 7 1

Bank of England, _

3d February 1794.

Newland, Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. io$. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1793, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy; &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1794, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th day of October 1794, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10 s.per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum

then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone an^ Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the late Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and their Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 49. Z To

Money issued for the Prosecution of Mr. Hastings.

For sending Provisions, . &c. to Nevr South Wales.

For maintaining Convicts at Langstone and Portsmouth, &c.

To Mr. Campbell for D* on the Thames.

To the late Board of Land Revenue and their Officers.

86

3° Februa

A. 1794.

Money issued on Addresses.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied to the Payment of Pensions to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America ——

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Wilson, Esquire, for Materials for rebuilding the Pier and Lighthouse at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Mann -

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons -

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons - -

To John Ley, Esquire, in Consideration of his long and meritorious Services as Clerk Assistant to the House of Commons ——

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons ——

To Sir John Call, Baronet, Treasurer to the Board of Agriculture -

To George Brown, Esquire, for Expences attending the Surveys of intended Military Roads through Invernessshire - - - - ?

To Colonel Anthony Farrington, and others, being the Sums subscribed by them for Annuities on Lives by Act Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty's Reign, and which became forfeited by the Subscribers omitting to deliver into the Exchequer, before the loth October 1790, Certificates of the Names of the Nominees ——

To John Groves, Junior, towards making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament, &c. more commodious ——

£ s. d. 24,000 ——

7,4*8 10 4

*,095 *3 —

1,200 ——

550 -

3.52* 7 3

3,000 ——

632 8 —

2,800 ——

*,342 ——

To Joseph Nollekens, Esquire, Statuary, towards completing a Monument in Westminster Abbey to the Memory of Captains Blair, Baine, and Lord Robert Manners ——

*,059 *5 —

46,619

*3

7

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1794-

James Fisher.

o

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

<5

o

t-1

i?-

«o

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 s..per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1793, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the 28th and 30th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of Bast Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1794, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the l oth Day of October 1794, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10 s.per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged

of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

American Claims:

The Amount of the Suras that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 1 oth October 1793, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1794, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, which will become due on the I oth October 1794 - -

m

East Florida Claims:

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment.of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. ioj. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on 5th April 1794, together with £.6. 5 s.per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, which will become due on the 1 oth October 1.794 -

American Claims:

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th April 1794, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order....

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October, 1794 ——

East Florida Claims:

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 105. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on the 5th April 1794, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October 1794 ——

Exchequer, the 3d February 1794.

22.943 15

22.943 15

1.406 5

1.406 5

James Fisher.

Principal to be paid off. Interest. Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d. L d.

88,340 12 6 9.275 i5 3 4 97,616 7 941

88,340 12 6 7,729 16 1 96,070 8 7 J

8,031 5 — 843 5 7 r 8,874 10 741

8,031 5 — 702 14 8J 8,733 19 HJ

4,015 3 1 4 3,613 12 94

246 1 101

221 .9 8*

26,958 18 i-n 26,557. 7 9tJ

1,652 6 10 1,627 14 8

3

Totals.

£ 3. d.

193,686 16 44

17,608 10 34

53»5i6 5 11

3r28o 1 64.

268,091 14 24-

8

o

K

r

1

r-

3

cn

ts 5

g*§ *1 1

n r*

Prosecution of Mr. Hastings.

New South Wales.

88 3° Februar. A. 1794.

To the Honourable the Knights) Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Messrs Eyre and Strahan, for printing Copies of Minutes of the Evidence taken at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire - -

To Henry Cowper, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Lords, in reward

for his extraordinary Attendance and Labour during the Three last Sessions £. s. d. of Parliament, in Consequence of the said Trial ..... i ,000 ——

To Charles Cowper, Esquire, Assistant to D* for the like Service - 1,000 ——

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof - - - ir>2 5 —

To Albany Wallis and Richard Troward, Esquires, Solicitors, appointed for carrying on the said Trial, to defray Expences attending the same....

To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England, for the Expences of Door Keepers and others employed at Westminster Hall, during the said Trial

£ s d.

2,311 10 — >

<2,162 5 4,275 8 8

2,000 ——

'0,749 3 8

Exchequer, the 3d day of February 1794.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament

To William Chinnery, Esquire, to pay sundry Bills drawn upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for sundry Articles purchased for the Use of the Colony at New South Wales ——

To him more, for the Expence of preparing Contracts and Bonds for the Transportation of Offenders to the above Colony ....

To James Neave and Rawson Aislabie, Esquires, to reimburse them the Charges attending the purchasing of Provisions for the said Colony ——

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase of Clothing, &c.

£ S. d.

4,816 7 8

626 12 6

2,520 18 3

11,856 10 5

19,82° 8 10

Exchequer, the 3d day of February 1794.

James Fisher.

To

34 Geo. III.

3° Februarii

89

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of main- Convict*, taining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament

The Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Thirteen thousand Five hundred Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1794.

James Usher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining. Ditto, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on. the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Eleven thousand Three Hundred Ninety-three Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of February 1794.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the late Commissioners appointed to enquire into Commig-

the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and their sioners of

Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament. Land Revenue.

The Monies which have been issued to Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, Sir John Call, Baronet, and John Fordyce, Esquire, late Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and their Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Two thousand and Forty-three Pounds.

Exchequer the 3d Day of February 1794.

James.

Vol. 49.

A a

Ordered,

Accounts presented:

Money issued for rendering the House of Peers more commodious-

On Account of the French Refugees.

For Works done at the Fleet Prison.

For Works at Somerset Place, &c.

To pay Sums assessed for Land Tax, &c.

For Discharge of Debts contracted by Mr. Tully.

For reporting upon Losses on evacuating the Mosquito Shore.

Account: Civil List

90

3° FebruariL 1794.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Money issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to an Address of the House of Lords, of the 29th of December 1792, for rendering the House of Peers more commodious, by warming and ventilating the same: And also,

An Account of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of the suffering Refugee Clergy and Laity of France: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Works at the Fleet -Prison: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on account of Works at Somerset Place, and for Fixtures at the Signet and Privy Seal Offices, and the Offices of the Dtitchies' of Lancaster and Cornwall: And also,

An Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Joseph White, Esquire, to pay the Sums assessed on the Salaries of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Year 1790; and to John Esquire,

to pay Arrears to suudiy Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to 30th July 1793: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Chimery, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Discharge of Debts contracted by Mr. late Agent and Consul General at Tripoli: And also,

An Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to John Marsh and John Spranger, Esquires, as a Compensation for their Trouble in enquiring into and reporting upon the Cases of Persons who sustained

Losses on evacuating the Mosquito Shore in Consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain, in the year 1786: And also,

An Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the On Account Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, ^Survey®» to Patrick Rooney Nugent, Esquire, acting Surveyor General of Lands at Cape Breton, on Account of Surveys and other Services: And also,

An Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the Tothe Bishop Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, M^Davfeon. to the Bishop of Quebec, for Expences in proceeding Mr! Reeves ' to his See; to Alexander Davison, Esquire, to re-im- &c.&c. burse Expences in purchasing Stationary- for the Surveyor General's and Printing Offices in Upper Canada; to John Reeves, Esquire, for Expences in the Administration of Justice at Newfoundland; to William Chin-nery, Esquire, to discharge Sums due to the late Attorney General of Nova Scotia, for Grants of Lands to the Loyalists; to the Representatives of Philip Yo/ige,

Esquire, for Salary due to him as late Surveyor of Lands in Georgia: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Pollock, For enquiring Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as th® the Balance due to him on Account of the Commis- ° °

sioners appointed for enquiring into the Laws, &c. of the Isle of Jersey: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Chinnery, For Removal Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of j£^r‘Star" His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Removal to Milford Haven of Samuel Star buck, Junior, who carried on the Whale Fishery at Nova Scotia: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, ForAllow- Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of Sufferer*!* American Civil Officers and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government: And also,

An Account of the Money issued, from His Majesty's For Foreign Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Foreign Secret Secret®er-Service, between the 5th Day of January 1793 and the vice‘

5th Day of January 1794.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Service undermentioned, pursuant to an Address of the House of Lords, of the 29th Day of December 1792.

1794* toth January. To enable him to discharge the Bills of the 'several Persons employed in carrying into

Execution a Plan and Proposal, laid before the Committee of the House of Peers,

appointed to consider of what would be the most effectual Means of

tendering that House more commodious, by warming and ventilating

the same - -- - 434 17 10

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 30 14 —

£465 11 101

Whitehall Treasury Cambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

34 Geo. IIL 3

91

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Aptwat-

Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned.

*793-

1793-

1794-

d.

4th January. To James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, towards enabling him to discharge the Expences of sundry Repairs carrying on at Winchester Palace, in order to render the same fit for the Reception of the suffering Clergy of France £. 300 ----- ---'

3d May. To James Marquis of Salisbury, for the like Service 1,000; -

31st January. To James Marquis of Salisbury, to enable him to

discharge the Expences of sundry Works done at . His Majesty's Palace of Winchester, in order to render the same fit for the Reception of the suffering Clergy of France - - £. 793 12 5 §

To pay the Fees and Charges attending

the Receipt thereof - - 49 4 —

----- ----- ----- - 842 16

1793. 2 2d November.

To Alexander Davison, to reimburse him the Charges attending the Purchase of Bedding sent to Winchester for the Use of the French Clergy - £. 352 18 1

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - - 26 10 —

1793. 20th December.

1794. 17th January.

1794. 31st January.

Tc John Wilmot, Esquire, Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperel, Baronet, and Philip Metcalf, Esquire, to be applied

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Clergy of France - - - £. 7,830 ——

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Laity of France - 560 ----- ---£. s. d.

' ----- ----- --8,390 ----- -j

To John Wilmot, Esquire, Honourable Robert Banks

Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperel, Baronet, and Philip Metcalf, Esquire, for the like Services - 8,390---

To John Wilmot, Esquire, Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperel, Baronet, and Philip Metcalf, Esquire, for the like Services 8,390 — — -

2,142 16 5t

379 8 1

25,170 ——

27,692 4 6$

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Repairing

Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services-under-mentioned. Fleet Prison.

1793* 7th June. Towards satisfying the Expences incurred, and to be incurred in erecting Walls at

the Fleet Prison, for the better Security thereof - 3,000 ——

1 794* 31st January. To be paid by him to William Clipstone, for the Value of Repairs

made by him to his House, contiguous to the Fleet Prison, and in Consideration of his giving quiet Possession of the same -.....350 — —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof.....- 26 8 —

----- ----- ----- ---- 376 8 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

3,376

s —

George Rose.

Vol. 49.

An'

92

3° Februarii.

A. 1794.

Works at Somerset

House.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil list Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned.

*793-

*794*

6th December.

31st January.

In Part of £. 5,5°o» to complete Two Houses which are only half carried up, and intended for the Residences of Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and which would receive material Damage if they are suffered to remain longer in that unfinished State; and also to complete, this Summer, the Street by which a free Approach may be made to the Houses occupied by the Comptroller of His Majesty's Navy, and the other Officers of that Board, at Somerset Place - - - 1 3,000 — —

In full of £. 5,500 for the above Service ----- 2,500 -

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

To enable him to satisfy present Demands on Account of the Fixtures provided for the Privy Seal and Signet Office £. 400-

To reimburse the like Sum, paid by him to the Tradesmen and Workmen, for Fixtures provided for the Auditor's Office, the Offices of the Dutehies of Lancaster and Cornwall, and all the Exchequer Offices - - - - -3,164 2 3

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof ----- --- 191 4 6

L

5,500 ——

3,755 6 9 9,255 6 9

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

3d February 1794. George Rose.

Assessments of Public Officers to Land Tax.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at] the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes under-mentioned, that is to say;

1793. 4th October.

To Joseph White, Esquire, to enable him to pay the like Sum assessed upon the Salaries of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1790 - £. 500 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt £. s. d.

thereof - -34 2 —

534 2 —

1793. 20th September. To John Wiggles worth, Esquire, to pay Arrears due to sundry

Persons, from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to the 30th Day of July 1793 - - - - 1,210 4 4

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - -70 9 —

1,280 13 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

1,814 15 4

George Rose.

34 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

93

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Service under-mentioned.

Mr. Tully'g Debts.

1793* 3°th March. To William Chinnery, Esquire, to enable him to pay a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, by Sir Robert Boyd, Governor of Gibraltar, being so much advanced by him to Simon Lucas, Esquire, His Majesty's Agent and Consul General at Tripoli, for the Purpose of discharging Debts contracted by Mr. Tully, late Consul there, with Persons who are actually Subjects of the

Bashaw ----- ----- 2,000---

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - 111 1 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

£ 2,111 1 —

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Evacuation His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned. quiuTshore'

1793. 26th April.

To John Marsh, Esquire, as a Compensation for his Trouble in enquiring into and reporting upon the Cases of Persons who sustained Losses on evacuating the Mosquito Shore, in Consequence1 of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King

of Spain, in the Year 1786 - - -v 500 ——

To John Spranger, Esquire, as a Compensation £. s.

for the like services - - - 500 ——

1,000 ——

84 15 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

£. 1,084 15 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Patrick Rooney Nugent,' Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned.

Sum

Cape!

vat i reton.

*793* 3^ May. To Patrick Rooney Nugent, Esquire, late Acting Surveyor General of Lands

Cape Breton, being the Balance due to him upon Account of Surveys, and

1793. 2d August.

enable him to repay £. 100 advanced to him of the Treasury - -

To Half Fees on Grants of Lands - -

To Charges, Damages, and Interest on the allowed Part of his Protested Bills - -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt of the above.Sums -

by Order of the

£378 9 3i .8 8 —

135 8 3

35 4 -

at to

Commissioners

To him more, on Account of the Surcharge made in a Report of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts - - - - 22 10 —

For his Claim for Provisions - - - - 52111 of

For his Trouble and Expences in copying his Report on Governor Du Barre's Accounts - - 30 — - —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof.....6 18 6

£ s. d. 557 9

112 — 4

£. 669 9 11

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

Vo 1. 49.

B b

An

94

3° Februarii.

A. 1794.

Services at Quebec.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned.

1793-

16th August. To the Bishop of Quebec, towards discharging the Expences incidental to his

procedingwith his Family to his See - - £. 500 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.....- 34 2 —

534 2 —

1793* 22d November. To Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse him the Charges attending the purchasing sundry Articles of Stationary, shipped for the Use of the Surveyor General's and Printing Offices in Upper Canada - - - - 187 19 6

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 10 16 3

>793- 20th September. To John Reeves, Esquire, Judge of the Court of Vice Admiralty

in Newfoundland, to be paid to the Sheriff there, on Account of the Expenditures made at different Times respecting the

Administration of Justice - - - - £. 300 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - -- -- 23 16 6

1793* &h September. To William Chinnery, Esquire, to enable him to discharge an Account of Fees due to Richard Gibbons, Esquire, late Attorney General of Nova Scotia, for Grants of Lands made to Loyalists - - - - £. 296 14 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - - 25 12 —

*793- 25th October. To the Representatives of Philip Yonge, Esquire, to discharge 250

Days Salary, from the 24th June 1781 to and for the 1st March 1782, on £. 150 a Year, due to him as late Surveyor of Lands in the Province of Georgia - - - - £ 103 — 3

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - 22 10 —

198 15 9

323 16 6

322 6 —

Total

- -

125 10

1,504 10

3

6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

Uud of

Jersey.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Service under-mentioned.

1793- 23d August* To William Pollock, - Esquire, to reimburse the like Sum, being the Balance due

him on Account of the Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, examine and report upon the State of the Law, &c. of the Island

of Jersey - £. 503 7 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - 34 5 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794,

£ 537 12 6

George Rote.

An

2 3

34 Geo. Ill

3° Februarii.

95

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Removal of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Purposes following: buck**"

1793- 8th November. To enable him to pay the like Sum to Samuel Starbuck, Junior, who carried on the

Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and who is arrived at Milford Haven, in order to

settle in this Kingdom, for Losses sustained by him in Consequence of the Sale

of his Property by such Removal, and for his Passage - - £ 228 13 9

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 20 4 3

£ 248 18 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 3d February 1794.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of

Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His American Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service: Sufferers.

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - - £ 19,500 ——

Times when issued:

r ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- v

5 July 1793.....£6,500 ——

4 October ----- -- 6,500 ——

27 December ----- -- 6,500 ——

C 19,500 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

3d February 1794* George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of the Money issued, from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Foreign Secret Ser* Secret Service, between the 5th Day of January 1793 and the 5th day of January 1794. vice.

To His Majesty's Secretaries of State, Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and Eighty-five Pounds

Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

3d February 1794. George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Disposition of Command.

Vote An Accompt, shewing the Disposition of £ 661,188. presented. 18 10of £ 1,500,000 granted, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Vox. 49.

Majesty to raise the Sum of £ 1,500,000 for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, &c. the remaining Sum of £ 838,811. U. 2d. being applied, by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for Army Services.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

96

3° Februarii.

A. IT94

Account of An ACCOMPT, shewing the Disposition of £. 66i,i88. 18#. lod. Part of One Million Five hundred Disposition of thousand Pounds, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the

«fCredit°te Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, &c. the

presented. remaining Sum of £.838,811. 1#. 2d. being applied, by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for

Army Services; viz.

To the Right honourable Robert Hobart, to be applied to any Uses to which His Majesty s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland is applicable - -

To Thomas Bainbridge, Esquire, to be applied to the like Uses -

d.

100.000 -

100.000 — —

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Bills of Exchange drawn by and on Claud Scott, Esquire, for the Purchase of Grain and Flour

461,188 18 10

661,188 18 10

Presented the 3d Day of February 1794, by

George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill for preventing French Property being applied to the Use of the French Government, ordered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ean*‘ to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord Arden, and Mr. John Smyth, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £.838,811. n. 2d. Part of the Sum of £. 1,500,000 granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1793, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

S >

Marine Mutiny Bill ordered*

Account of Distribution of other Part of Vote of Credit presented.

34 Geo. III. 3° Februarii.

97

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £ 838,811. 1 s. 2 Part of the Sum of £1,500,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1793, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Army Extra* ordinaries.

Dates of Warrants.

1793-May 28 th.

July 3d, 29th.

August 28th.

October 11th. November 22d.

December 24th.

To the Landgrave of Hesse Casset, for. Levy Money for the First

Division of Hessian Troops -To D°, for D° for the 2d Division of D# - -To D°, for Three Months Subsidy for Hessian Troops - -

To D°, for Pay and Forage of Hessian Troops in the Service of Great Britain -To D°, for Three Months Subsidy for D®

To D°, for Levy Money for 4,026. Additional Hessian Troops To D®, for Three Months Subsidy -To Cash paid by Mr. Willia, Deputy Paymaster

on the Continent, to Keusa and , on Account of the Troops of Hesse Cassel - -

31,868

47,985

7

8

6

9

13,535 3 1

40,000

13,535

36,931

6,767

2

11

6

6

22,000 ——

June 15th.

August 16th. October 28th.

To D° paid by D®, to Englebacjc and Fran, on Account of the Troops of Hesse Darmstadt - -

To Count de Front, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia,

for Three Months Subsidy - 50,000 ——

To D°, for Three Months further D® - 50,000 ——

To D®, for Three Months further D® - - 50,000 ——

June 28th. To Baron de Alvensleben, for Recruiting Services of the Hanoverian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from 22d February to 22d June 1793 -August 17th. To D®, being an Allowance on Account of the Hanoverian Artillery, from 22d February to 22d August 1793 - - '- - - 16,555 7 11

To D®, for the Allowance for the Charges of the Hospital for the Hanoverian Troops, from D°to D®

To D®, for Recruiting Services for the Hanoverian Troops, from 23d June to 22d August 1793 To D°, being an Allowance for Artillery, from 23d August to 22d October 1793 .

To D®, for the Charges of the Hospital, from D®

to D® - - " - - - - 2,088 1 4

To D°, for Recruiting Services, from D® to D® - 1,503 10 2

October 28th.

3,187 — ~*

16,555 7

6,264 4

U593 10

5.5i8 9

2,088 1

1,593 10

July 26th.

To Messrs. Donkin and de Horne, for Two thousand Sacks of Kiln dried whole Meal Flour for the Use of the Forces on the Continent -

December 19th. To E. Thornton, Merchant, upon Account, to enable him to carry on the Service of furnishing Fresh Meat for the Military Hospitals in the West Indies, on the Expedition under Sir C. Grey

May 30th. To Colonel De Lancey, for the Purchase of Hay and Oats for the Use

June 21st. July 15th. August 14 th.

17th. October 11 th.

November 21st.

22d.

March 20th.

of the Troops serving on the Continent -To D®, for D° Service

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -To D°, for D° Service - . -

To Claude Scott, Esquire, for Oats purchased for the Army on the Continent -To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D° Service - -

6.000

5.000

4.000

2.000 2,632

16,840

1,716

1,011

18 11

8

8

1

8

7

9

Vol. 49.

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Lord Auckland, for Disbursements on Account of the Army serving on the Continent -

Cc

£ d.

212,622 16 5 5,000 — —

150,000 — - —

36,800 3 3

4,391 13 4

2,500 ——

39,200 17 11

10,000 — — ( continued.)

98

Dates of Warrants.

*793-

June 8th.

July 1st. 15th. August 16th. September 20th. October 5th.

July 3d.

September 6th. November 14th.

February 22d.

March 13th.

April 10th.

July 10th.

24th.

September 4th.

18th.

25 th. October 2d.

9th.

November 6th.

3° FebruariL

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Brook Esquire, Superintend-

ant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, for Public

Services ----- -- 15,000 ——

Service - 35,667 12 6

Service - - - 38,100 ——

Service - 39,335 ——

Service - 16,685 ——

Service - - - 32,550 ——

To D° drawn by D°, for D# To D® drawn by D°, for D® To D# drawn by D®, for D® To D® drawn by D®, for D® To D® drawn by D®, for D®

To IV. Adams and Ja* Hodge, upon Account for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw to the Forces encamped

in the Summer 1793 ----- 10,000 ——

To D®, for D® Service - - - 21,000 ——

To D°, for D® Service - - - 8,000 ——

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot Horses for the 1st Battalions of the said Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service -To D®, for Baggage Horses for D®

To D®, for 100 Days Forage Money for D® -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service -To D®, for Baggage Horses for D° -To D®, for 100 Days Forage for D® -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Cavalry, for Bat Horses for Detachments of each of their Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service To D®, for Baggage Horses for D® -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, being ordered to be in readiness to take the Field ——

To the Colonels and Commandants of the several Corps of Militia, for D®, being ordered to be in readiness for D° -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, to complete Baggage and Forage for their respective Regiments ——

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to complete D® for the 1st Battalions of the said Regiments -To D®, for Bat Horses for their respective Corps To D®, for Baggage and Forage for D® - -

To the several (General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, in Great Britain, for 200 Days Forage, for the Campaign 1793 -

To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, having been ordered to be in readiness to take the Field

To the Colonels of sundry D®, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service ——

To Major General David for 200 Days

Forage Money ——

To several Staff Officers in the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, for 200 Days D® - -

To Lieutenant General Rainsf for 200 Days D° To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service To Lieutenant Colonel J. Le for 200 Days Forage

Money, as Major of Brigade in Guernsey -

Guards, for Bat

310 ——

487 10 — 710 ——

630 ——

536 5 —

667 10 —

1,030 ——

460 ——

8,872 10 —

25,660 ——

697 *0 —

240 ——

40 ——

167 10 —

5,092 ——

1,267 10 —

840 ——

133 ----- --.

171 ——

180 10 —

1,050 — — 19 ——

July loth. To Colonel H. Walpole, for providing Camp Necessaries for the West Norfolk Militia for the Year 1793 ... 208 — 2

To the Earl of Easton, for D® for the West Suffolk D®, for D® Year ----- -- 208 13 4

A. 1794.

I- S. d.

177,337 12 6

39,000 ——

49,261 15 —

34 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

99

Dates of Warrants.

1793.

July 10th. To Col. Goate, for providing Camp Necessaries for the East Suffolk Militia, for the Year 1793 To the Earl of Cork» for D® for the Somerset D®, for D° Year -

To Col. R. Myddleton, for D° for the Denbigh D®, for D# Year ——

To the Duke of Mancfor D* for the Huntingdon; D°, for D° Year - -

24th. To Col. Bayly, for D® for the West Middlesex D®,

for D° Year....

To Sir R. JVorsley, for D° for the South Hampshire D°, for D® Year -To Captain John Popham, for D® for the Isle of Wight D®, for D° Year -To Col. G. Pochin, for D® for the Leicester D®, for D® Year ——

To the Earl of Yarmouth, for D® for the Warwick D®, for D® Year -

To the Earl of Hardwick for D® for the Cambridge D®, for D® Year -To Captain TV.Evans, for D® for the Anglesea D®, for D® Year - -

To Major R. Hughes, for D® for the Flintshire D* for D® Year ——

10th: To Col. F. Rodd, for D®-for the Cornwall D®, for D® Year - -

To the Earl of Darlington, for D® for the Durham D®, for D® Year -

To Earl Poulett, for D' for the East Devon D®, for D® Year ——

To Col. Hans Sloane, for D® for the North Hampshire D®, for D® Year ——

To Sir J. TVodehouse, for D® for the East Norfolk D", for D® Year - -

24th. To Col. J. Hodges, for D® for the Surrey D®, for D® Year ——

To Col. H. Maister, for D® for the East Riding YorkD®, for D® Year -10th. To Lord George H. for D® for Derbyshire

D®, for D® Year - -

24th. To Lieut Col. Hartly, for D® for the North Gloucester D®, for D* Year -To Lord Bateman, for D® for the Herefordshire D®, for D® Year - -

To Colonel Johnes, for D® for the Carmarthen D®, for D® Year - -

To Colonel Stanley, for D® for the Lancashire D®, for

D" Year.....-

To the Earl of Radnor, for D® for the Berkshire D® for D® Year ——

To Lord Rivers, for D® for the Dorsetshire D®, for

D" Year -....

To Col. Rolle, for D* for the Sooth DeVon D®, for D® Year ——

To Sir W. Smyth, for 'D-® for the West Essex D®, for D® Year ... . - -

To Earl Fortescue, for D® for the North Devon D®, for D® Year -

To Earl Berkeley, for D® for the South Gloucester D®, for D® Year - -

To Lord Milford, for D® for the Pembrokeshire D®, for D® Year ——

To Captain TVynne, fot D®for thb Merionethshire D®,.

for D1® Year ——

To Col. Caldecot, for D® fof the North Lincoln D®, for D® Year -v -

To Col. Sibthorp, for D® for the South Lincoln D®, for D® Year -To Col. Sarvbridge, -for D®for the East Kent D®, for D® Year -

To the Earl of Lonsdale, for D® for the Cumberland D®, for D® Year -

Vol. 49.

C s. d.

204 — 4

340 18 4

123 2 2

140 14 2

225 12 4

182 18 2

39 1 1

OO CO 14 4

268 15 4

00 0 cv 18 4

44 16 2

63 12 2

268 15 4

172 2 2

256 9 4

210 12 10

207 11 2

316 4 2

163 1 —

238 8 4

184 13 2

00 0 13 2

93 13 2

316 14 4

238 8 4

to <T> 00 15 4

214 3 4

10 0 00 18 4

214 3 4

233 10 4

74 18 2

44 12 2

256 9 4

256 9 4

147 4 2

142 13 2

(continued)

100

Dates of Warrants.

1793.]uly 24th.

August 7th.

14th.

September 11th.

18th.

November 8th. August 14th. 7th.

July 24th. 10th.

24th. August 71b.

September 11 th.

18th. October 23d. November 8 th.

3° Febniarii. A. 1794.

To Lord Clive, for providing Camp Necessaries for the Shropshire Militia, for the Year 1793 -

To the Earl of Carnarvon, for D° for the Wilts D4,

for D° Year ——

To Col. Haroey, for D° for the 2d West Riding York D4, for D4 Year -To Col. Charlton, for D4 for the Worcester D°, for

D4 Year....

To Captain Edwards, for D° for the Carnarvon D4,

for D* Year -....

To the Marquis of Salisbury, for D4 for the Hertfordshire D°, for D° Year -To the Earl of Fauconberg, for D4 for the North Riding York D4, for D4 Year -To Col. Reed, for D4 for the Northumberland D4, for D° Year ——

To the Earl of Powis, for D° for the Montgomery D°, for D4 Year ——

To the Duke of Dorset, for D4 for the West Kent D4, for D4 Year -To Col. Lowther, for D4 for the Westmoreland D4, for I)4 Year ——

To Lord Compton, for D4 for the Northampton D4, for D° Year ——

To Lord C. Spencer, for D4 for the Oxfordshire D°, for D° Year ——

To the Duke of Beaufort, for D4 for the Monmouth and Brecon D4, for D° Year - -

To Major Burton, for D4 for the Rutland D4, for

D4 Year....

To the Marquis of Buckingham, for D4 for the Buckinghamshire D°, for D4 Year -To Col. Tufnell, for D° for the East Middlesex D4, for D4 Year ——

To Col. Gould, for D° for the Nottinghamshire D4, for D° Year ——

To Col. Cawthorne, for D4 for the Westminster D4, for D4 Year ——

To Col. Bullock, for D4 for the East Essex D4, for D° Year -

To Lord Mounlsluart, for D4 for the Glamorgan D°, for D° Year ——

To the Duke of Norfolk, for D* for the 1st West Riding York D°, for D° Year -To the Earl of Upper Ossory, for D° for the Bedford D°, for D4 Year ——

To Lieut. G. Jones, for D4 for the 2d Regiment of Foot, for D4 Year ——

To Major Gen1 Hot ham, for D4 for the 14th Regiment of D°, for D° Year - -

To Lord Cathcart, for D4 for the 29th D4, for D4 Year ——

To Lieut. Gen1 Clarke, for D° for the 30th D°, for D° Year -.- - -

To Lieut. Gen1 Frederick, for D4 for the 54th D4,. . for P° Year ——

To Lieut. Gen* Hall, for D4 for the 3d D4, for D4 Year ——

To Sir D. Lindsay, Bar*, for D4 for the 59th D°, for D° Year -

To Sir H. Munro, K. B. for D° for the 4ad D4, for D° Year ——

To Lieut. Gen1 Campbell, for D4 for the 57th D4, for D° Year ——

To Gen1 Grceme, for D4 for the 19th D4, for D* Year - -

To Messrs. J.and C. 2 rotter, for Camp Necessaries for the Use of the Forces - -

To Sir H Clinton, for providing D4 for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for the Year 1793 To Lord Howard, for D4 for the 4th D°, for D4 Year

£> s- J

268 15 4 318 15 »0 263 1 4 229 14 2 44 17 2

240 1 5

292 18 4 238 9 4 111 16 2 263 1 4

105 10 2

268 15 4 238 13 2 169 18 2

63 12 2 238 14 4 225 3 5 208 — 2 225 10 4 208 18 4 160 13 2

263 6 4 172 2 2 249 *7 4 257 1 4 249 *7 4. 249 »7 4 249 »7 4 249 W 4 249 *7 4

4

249 17 4 249 17 4 245 5 8 13,511 3 11 628 18 4 615 16 10

34 Geo. III. 3° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants*

101

>793-November 8th.

February 26th.

April 10th.

February 20th. June 26th.

March 4th. 8th.

May 17th.

22.

June 21st.

26th. July 9th.

August 21st. September 25th. October 23d.

To Lord Southampton, for providing Camp Neces-

saries for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, /or the Year 1793 -

To Marquis Townsend, for D° for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D° Year -To Sir W. Pitt, for D° for the 10th Regiment of Dragoons, for D° Year -

615 16 10 623 3 4 615 16 10

To Messrs. Flueh/er, Maitland, and Company, for Payment of sundry

Woollen Goods in their Possession, which were intended for the French Armies, and now to be disposed of for the

use of the Forces - - - 12,000 ——

To D*, in full Payment for D° - 18,476 10 3

To Messrs. Trotters, for providing Knapsacks for the

Militia ----- -- - 8,767 8 —

To D°, for D* Service - - - 2,138 — 6

31,367 9 4

30,476 10 3

10,905 8 6

To Major General Lake, commanding the Brigade of Guards going on Foreign Service, towards providing himself with an Equipage To Major Gunn, Commissary for mustering Hanoverian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, towards providing himself with D*

To Brook Watson, Esquire, Superintendent and Director of Forage, Provisions, &c. of the Army on the Continent, on Account, towards the Contingencies of the said Office ——

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for Charges and Maintenance of a Corps of French Emigrants, under the Command of Monsieur De ChatrS -To the Duke of York, to provide himself with an Equipage, as General and Commander in Chief of the Forces on the Continent -To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for Charges and Maintenance of a Corps of French Emigrants, under the Command of Monsieur De To Messrs. Trotters, for providing Blankets for the Use of the Forces To C. Mason, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts to the Army on the

Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office - -

To A. Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase of Three thousand Stand of Arms, for the Use of Government -To D#, for Expences incurred on Account of the Ship Amphion, purchased for the Reception of Convalescents at Chatham To L. Morse, Esquire, Secretary to General Lord Amherst, for his Expences, from January to 24th June 1793 -

To Messrs. Trotters, in Part of a Warrant for £. 12,218. t6s. 6d. for Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces - -

500 ——

104 li —

3,000 ——

1,200 — —

1,000 ——

1,200 ——

n,345 15 —

500 ——

4,935 16 1 7,252 — 6 480 17 4 8,427 14 9

838,811

War Office,

3d February 1794-

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 49.

D d

Ordered,

9

Milborne Port Writ.

Committee of Supply.

Estimates, &c. referred.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Extraordina -ries of the Army.

Difference between British and Irish Establishments.

Troops in East India.

Additional to D°.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

Full Pay to Superntfme-raiy Officers.

1109 3° Februakii A. 1794{.

Ordered, That tjhe said Account do lie upon the from 25th December 1793 to 24th Deoenaber: 17941 Table, to be perused by the Members of the both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said House. Committee. . *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Allowance tto the Paymaster Geiiferal of Ills Majesty's the Clerk of the Crdwn, to make out a new Writ for the Land Forces; to the Seer'etary at War; to the Com-electing of a Burgesfc to serve in this present Parliament missary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of General; to the Comptrollers of die Accompts of the Somerset, in the room of RichaMJohnson, Esquire, who, Army; and of the Amdtint of Exchequer Fees to be since his Election fir the said Borough, hath accepted1 paid1 by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1794, be the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three referred to1 the said Committee.

Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonen- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Half Pay. ham, in the County of Buckingham. Pay and Allowances to the Tedueed Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1794,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House be referred, to the said Committee, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Pay to the induced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in jdity,'lie now read. the Service of the States General, for the Year 1794, be

And the said Order being read accordingly; referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, In- Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Ma-chiding those in Guernsey, and Jersey, iri Flanders, on jesty's American Forces, for the Year 1794> be referred an Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira, to the said Committee.

and on Board the FBset, from 25th December 1793 to Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pen- Widows Pen-24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days, sjons to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned a*0118-be referred to the said Committee. Officers, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Committee.

Majesty's Forces in {he-Plantations, including those in Ordered. That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New Embodied Militia in South Britain, of several Corps of Militia and South Wales', from 2*jth December V793 to 24th Decern- Fencible Men in North Britain, and of a Corps of Fen- Fenc, bles-ber 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to cible Men in the Isle of Man, from 25th December 1793 the said Committee. to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General be referred to the said Committee, and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving Order ed, That the Estimate of the Charge of Con- Contingen-with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, tingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, "Jf»&c-for in Flanders, aid under -the Command of the Earl of and of Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, and Corps *

Moira, for the'Year 1794, be referred to the said Com- of Fencible Men, in the Year 1794, be referred to the mittee. said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath- Cloathing for Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1794, be ing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the the Militia, referred to the said Committee. Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Corps Corps tran»-

of the-Army incurred, and paid by the Right honour- transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, ^iris^Es able the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and of Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from tablishment* from the 25th of December 1792 to the 24th of De- the respective Periods therein-mentioned to the 24th cember 1793, both inclusive, and not provided for by December 1793, inclusive, be referred to the said Corn-Parliament, be> referred to the said Committee. mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Scotch Roads Difference between the British and Irish Establishments Works and Repairs of the Military Roads ana Bridges and Bridges, of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in the West Indies, in North Britain, for the Year 1794, be referred to the at Gibraltar, and ori Board the Fleet, from 25th De- said Committee.

cember 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In- Chelsea In-being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- Pensioners of Hospital, and of the Expences, of Pensioners,

mittee. the said Hospital, for the Year 1794, be referred to the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the said Committee.

Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Ordered,. That the Estimate of the Charge of Levy Levy Money, Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1794, Money, and of Horse Furniture and Accoutrements, &c- for Aug-being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's mittee. Land Forces, in the Year 1794, be referred to the said

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Addi- Committee, tionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons, serving Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance, in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies, be- Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1794 — Land Service, longing to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, be referred to the said Committee.

from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said- Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Troops. Committee. Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Re- Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between Convention cruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, signed ^ith Hesse and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the at Maykammer the 23d of August 1793, and Transla-Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Bri- tion, be referred to the said Committee.

tain; and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Treaty with the Infantry, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said Majesty and the Margrave of Baden, signed at Carlsruhe Baden. Committee. the 21st of September 1793, and Translation, be referred

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full to the said Committee.

Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between Treaty with including the Officers of Independent Companies, His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, Hesse Darm-

4 signed 8tadt-

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Upper

Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

St John's Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

34 Geo. III.

3° — 4° Fe

103

signed at Langel Candel the 5th of October 1793, and Translation* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchant Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st of December 1793 to the 31st of December 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1794 to the 24th of June 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1794 to the 24th of June 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers of the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1794 to the 1st of April 1795; also, of a Patent under the Great Seal, creating a Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 179410 the 1st of January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, " from the 24th June 1794 to the 24th June 1795," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the " 1st of January 1794 to the 1st of January 1795," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ioth of October 1793 to the 10th of October 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Vol. 49.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to die Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 4° die Februarii;

Anno 340 Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill for making and main- Day appoint-taining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navi- ed for 2® gation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Pa- of

rish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Bridge,'&c York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Canal BilL Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant February.

Day appointed for 2" Reading of Bill to extend the Manchester, Bolton Canal, &c«

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, ana Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Hinde's Midi, in the Parish of Bury, by Rochdale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near to Sladen; and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was pre- J^V€rT*)1 . seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, p£vl* by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of ution.

His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, the Petitioners were united into a Company, and authorized to make or complete a Cut or Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near Leeds Bridge, in the Town of-Leeds, through the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets, in the stjid Act mentioned, to or near a Place, called The North Lady's Walk, in the Town or Port of Liverpool aforesaid, and from thence to communicate with the River Mersey; and, to the End that the Petitioners might be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were thereby impowered to raise among themselves a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 200,000 in the Whole, unless the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Case the Petitioners were enabled to raise among themselves aiw further Sum, not exceeding £. 60,000; and that the Petitioners, in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal, ana in purchasing and improving

Feliskirk and Sutton Inclosure Petition.

104 4° Febrmrii. A. 1794.

proving the Navigation of the River alias

Asland, in the said County of Lancaster, which, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal, the said Company of Proprietors have expended the Sum of 300,000, and upwards; and that the Petitioners, by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were impowered to vary a certain Part of the said Canal, and, in order to complete and finish such Canal, to borrow, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of £. 200,000; and that, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, other Parts of the said Canal are completed, or are now in execution; and that the Petitioners, after a careful Examination of that Part of the Line which remains yet unfinished, are well satisfied that making a Deviation therein, and carrying the same from Wanless Banks, in the Township or Hamlet of Barrowford, otherwise Barrowford Booth, through or into the several Townships or Hamlets of Barrowford, otherwise Barrowford Booth, Great den, Little Marsden, Reedleu-H Burnley, hergham Eaves, Hapton,

Church, Accrington, Oswaldtwistle, Rishton, otherwise Rushton, Little Harewood, Blackburn, Livesey, nell, Houghton, Wheelton, Heapy, Whittle in the Chorley Heath, otherwise Higher Charnock, ton, Anderton, Horwich, Blackrod, West Houghton, Aspull, Ince, and Wigan, which are in the several Parishes of Whatley, Blackburn, Leyland,

Standish, Dean, Bolton and Wigan, in the said County of Lancaster, will be of much greater Advantage to the Public and the Petitioners than the present Parliamentary Line of the said Canal, and such Deviation is practicable; and that, in order to make the said intended Deviation, and to complete the said Cut or Canal, it will be necessary for the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said incorporated Navigations; and that the said Act for making the said River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable, and the said Act of the tenth Year of His present Majesty, have been found defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Company, to deviate and complete the said Canal, to borrow a competent Sum for such Purpose, and also to amend the said last mentioned Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, ,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, having Estates within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under cliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, certain Commons or Moors upon which the Petitioners and others are intitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons or Moors are, in their present open State, incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, their Estates within the said Townships might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Moors, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Huddersfield whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Canal Peti-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, tion rePorted-Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents, in the Towns of Huddersfield and Marsden, and the several Towns within Saddleworth, all in the County of York, and Manchester, and Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County of

Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood of the same Towns, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Benjamin Outram, being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from and to communicate with the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham will be of great Public Utility, and will open a useful, short, and easy Communication between the Towns of Huddersfield and Manchester, and between those Places- and the very extensive Manufactories of Woollen Cloth carried on within Saddleworth. — Then,

Mr. John Crowder, Mr. Thomas Atkinson, and Mr.

John Ratcliffe, being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

And Mr. Outram being further examined, said,

That he has surveyed the Line of the said intended Canal, and that the same is practicable to be made according to the Plan annexed to the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at or ' near the Tow'n of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the W'oolcombers for the County of Somerset-Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for Petition, combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping that the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Chappie Al-are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Jert®n» &c-others, respectively intitled to Rights. of Common on certain Moors or Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being in the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are within the said Parishes certain Moors or Commons and Waste Lands, called Binham Moor,

Drove

34 Geo. III. 4° Februarii. 105

Drove Way Toot, and Lane, Common, and Allerton Moor, containing together by Estimation 283 Acres or thereabouts; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Coxe and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bsnjoin's A Bill for naturalizing George was read

Nat. Bill, a Second Time.

commit . Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir Charles Banbury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bdton Indo- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ««»re Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in which the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, lie intermixed, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, and also to the Impropriators and Vicar of Belton aforesaid, in Lieu of the Tythes arising within the same Parish, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and such other Proprietors and Persons interested, and to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regidations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Heathcote and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Birchill and The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to Huddlesford whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Canal Peti- Wyrley and Essington Canal Navigation was refer-

fcon repo recj. 'pjlat Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said intended Canal, was read: And,

Vo L. 49-

Mr. Thomas Devey Wightwtck being examined, said, That the said Canal and Collateral Cuts are nearly completed, according to the Directions of the said Act — That the said Company of Proprietors have caused Levels and Surveys to be taken, whereby it appears, that a Navigable Canal may be made mom the said Wyrley Canal, at or near Birchill, in the Parish of Walsall, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Huddlesford, in the same County; and also a Navigable Cut from or out of the intended Canal, at or near Little Bloxwich, in the Parish of Walsall aforesaid, into

certain Lands called The Lord's Hayes, in the Liberty of Wyrley, belonging to the Marquis of Stafford — And the Witness further said, That the making the said Canal or Cut, together with proper Reservoirs, Railways, and other Works, and Roads to communicate therewith, will, open Navigable Communications with several valuable and extensive Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Limestone, upon and near the Line of the said Canal and Cut, and will be of very great Benefit to the Owners thereof, and also to the several Persons residing or having Estates in that Part of the Country, and be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Wyrley and Essington Canal, at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith: And that the Earl Gower and the Marquis of Titchfield do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Dukinfield the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are L?acts, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Mer- p^p^rest* chants, Manufacturers, 'and Residents in the Towns Canal Peti-of Manchester and Ashton under Lyne, in the County tion reported, of Lancaster, and Stockport, in the county of,

and the Neighbourhood of the same Towns, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Bower Jodrell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and to communicate with, the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, . to Loads Knowl, in the County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal, to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, will be of great Public Utility, will open a useful, short, and easy Communication from the Tow ns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Stockport, and the adjacent Country, to the very extensive Lime Rocks at or near Loads Hill, in the said County of Derby, and will also open a Communication with many large and extensive Mines of Coals, Flags, Stone, and other Minerals.

Mr. Samuel Gratrix, Mr. John Lees, and Mr. Thomas

Brown, confirmed the above Evidence: And,

Mr. Benjamin Outram, an Engineer, being examined, said, That he hath surveyed the Line of the intended Navigation, and is of Opinion, that it is practicable to make the Canal as above described, but he conceives that it will be most adviseable to terminate the same about Two Miles below Chapel Milton, and from thence to continue the Communication by Railways or Stone Roads to Loads Knowl.

E e Ordered,

106 At Februarii. A. 1794.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lytie and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to

Mutiny Bill, Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's presentod' Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Abingdon A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Abing-Paving, &c. don, in the County of Berks, whose Names are there-etltion' unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Footways in the several Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, are very ill paved, and the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, are not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and are, moreover, subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are also, in some Places, very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting to and passing through the same, if the said Footways were properly paved, and the said several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, well and sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and regulated, and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, removed and prevented in future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tha Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Loveden, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the presented. Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Additions to An Account of all Additions which have been made

the Annual to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the In-Pub^Debt* terest or Annuities for, or on Account of, any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said uDuties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importa-a lion of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the

" Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and " for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining " in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed Produce of for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occa- Duties for sioned by Loans, made in pursuance of an Act of Par- ^har^^fcer-liament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His tain Loans, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities ;" and of one other Act, of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way " of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of " Survivorship, in Classes;" for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of January 1794; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament, of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session, Part of which Duties were to cease at the Times in the said Acts mentioned, which were, by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty, made perpetual, and appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities created by the said last mentioned Act, and of the One hundredth Part of the Loan granted thereby, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. towards the Reduction of the National Debt: And also,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Produce of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents respectively, Customs, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1794; Excise>&c* distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Custojna. the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January 1794:

And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excise, the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January 1794 And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Stamp*, the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January 1794:

And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Incidents, the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, die Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January 1794.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

34 Geo. III.

4° Februarii,

10T

An Act CO MPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities for, or on Account of, any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and " for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitring the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the " National Debt"

By virtue of an Act 29® Geo11 III, H the Sum of £. 187,000 was raised I by Annuities after the Rate of £. 7. q s. 9 d. per Centum per Annum, for the Term of 18 Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th day of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund: s. d.

The Annual Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the same, is ----- ----- -- - 14,159 2 10

By virtue of another Act of the same Session, the Sum of £. 1,002,500, was directed to be raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Person or Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities granted were payable, amounted to the Sum of £. 1,002,099) Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 Years and One Quarter, from the 10th Day of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty (and several subsequent Acts) payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England; viz

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for One Year, from the 10th Day of October

1792 to the 10th Day of October 1793 - -

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in pursuance of the Act 30® Geou IIItU; vis.

For the Quarter ended the 5th Day of July £. s. d.

1793 .....12,292 3 81

For the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1794.....12,335 7 5

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England for the Annuities to continue 69 Years and One Quarter, for One Year, due the 10th Day of October 1793 The Charge incurred by George Attwood, Esquire, Inspector of the Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expences attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts ——

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the said Acts for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1793 -

To the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries furnished the Office for paying these Annuities, One Year to D® -

£ s. d.

24,639 7 2

600 ——

880 ——

1,358 5 1

£ S. d.

42,862 1 —

24,627 11 11

18,234 9 10 i

27,477 12 3

45,712 2 1 i

Vol.49.

By

4° Februarii.

A. 1794

By virtue of an Act 33* Geo. III*" the Sum of £. 4,500,000 was borrowed, the £. s. Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £ 72 paid in, to £. 100 Capital Stock, amounting to £. 6,250,000, which was directed to be added to and made one Joint Stock with the 3 per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and several subsequent Acts, and to commence from 5th January 1793, One Year due 5th January 1794..... 187,500 ——

And, pursuant to a Clause in an Act 32° Geo. III. Cap. 55. directing the One hundredth Part of any Loan made upon the Terms therein mentioned, there hath been set apart at the Exchequer for 3 Quarters, subsequent to the Time the above Act 33* Geo. III. received the Royal Assent, to the 5th of January 1794, to be applied by the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt.

By certain Acts of Parliament passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, sundry Duties were granted, which, from the 5th Day of April 1792 (after deducting £. 32,150 out of the Produce in each Quarter of the Stamp Duties on Bills ana Receipts) were appropriated to pay off £. 1,830,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act of the same Session, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1790, for which Purpose there has been applied to pay Principal, and Interest to the 5th of January 1794 - -

46,875 ——

294,246 4 11 I

£ s. d.

>,231,173 ——

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 4th Day of February 1794.

George Rose.

34 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

109

An Act CO MPT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by Loans made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities; " and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of " Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes," for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of January 1794; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session; Part of which Duties were to cease at the Times in the said Acts mentioned; which were by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty made perpetual, and appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities created by the said last mentioned Act, and of the One hundredth Part of the Loan granted thereby, pursuant to an Act 32 III. cap. 55, towards the Reduction of the National Debt.

Produce of Duties for defraying the Charges of certain Loans.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of January 1794 ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from the said 5th Day of July 1789, for the same Time ....

The Produce of the additional Duty on Newspapers, granted from the 1st Day of August 1789, for the same Time -

The produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, D°

The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, D® -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, D° -

£ s. 40,150 3 2

10,678 2 6

6,973 7 — 219 17 6

£ d. 17,502 3

18,105 8 5 35,607.12 3

The Produce of the Duties on Legacies, or Shares of Personal

Estate, D® -.....8,211 ——

The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills - - - 45,690 10 —

111,923 — 2

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by the Acts of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, from the said 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of January 1794; viz.

The Duty on British Spirits....

The Duty on Foreign Spirits -....

D® - on Sugar ——

D® - on Certificates issued with respect to killing Game

D® - on Bills and Receipts, after deducting 125,047 carried to the Consolidated Fund -

The Tax of £ 10 per Cent, on assessed Taxes - -

Arrears of the Duty on Malt, repealed from 5th April 1793

£ s. d. 103,855 ——

134,783 ——

254,888 14 9J 12,994 8 11

34,048 2 5

88,658 13 6 £

2,000 ——

631,227 19

7 i

778,758 12 1

Mcmdum.

The above Duties on British Spirits, and the 10 per Cent, on assessed Taxes, were, by an Act 33 Geo. III. made perpetual, and charged, together with the Stamp Duties and Game Duties, for Payment of the Annuities granted by the said Act, and amount to

£ 239.556. 4- 10 I.

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 4th Day of February 1794.

George Rose.

Vol. 49.

Ff

An

no

4° FebmariL

A. 1T94.

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and1 Incidents, for one Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 5th Day £. s. d.

of January 1794, as per Accompt (A.) - 3.947,372 4 -

Ditto of the Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £. 565,342, the

Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B.) - 7,409,404 14 4 J

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (C.) 1,348,939 16 1

Ditto of Incidents, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto,

as per Accompt (D.) - -- - 2,323,139 19

£ 15,028,856 13 6 J

Mem*".

In the Sum of £. 2,323,139. 19s- 0 id.stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £.438,374. os. 6id. being the Amount of Imprests, and other Monies paid in there within the above Period, which being deducted from the above Total of £.15,028,856. 13& 6 Id. will leave the Produce of the Taxes Jt. 14,590,482. 12$. 11 id. of which the Sum of £.631,227. 1 gs.fid. arises from the Taxes imposed in the Year 1791.

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 4th Day of February 1794.

George Rose.

(A.) An

34 Geo. III.

4° FehruariL

U1

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland;distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th January 1794.

SPECIES of GOODS.

Ashes, Pearl and Pot Barilla

Brimstone -Bristles, Undressed Bugle, Great

Carpets, Turkey -China Ware Copper Unwro'

Cork -Corn, Oats ----- -Wheat

Almonds, Bitter Borax, Refined Cortex Peru -Gum Copal -Juniper Berries Lead, Black -\ Manna Oil, Perfumed Opium

Quicksilver -Rhubarb

Saccarum Satumi -„ Succus Liquoritiae -

So

H

Q

Dye Stuffs, Smalts Elephants Tqeth -

Feathers for Beds -Fruit, Lemons, and Oranges — Nuts, Small

Glass Plates

''Almonds, Jordan -

— not Jordan Anniseeds Cinnamon

Cloves -Cocoa -Coffee -Currants

Figs.

Ginger

Mace -

Nutmegs

Pepper

Pimento

Prunes -

Raisins, Denia

— Lexia

— Lipari

— Smyrna

— Solis Rice -Sago -Sugar, Brown

k.Tea.

CD

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Management.

£. s. d.

L370 15 9

25,628 7 3 6,547 1 3

6,888 4 1

961 1 11

1,349 19 11,520 8 1,833 10 3,605 — 6,836 13 16,000 11

6

3

3

1

10

1

871 16 — 1,615 10 — 3,772 18 10 1,996 7 4 1,350 5 5

901 12 10

730 4 5 808 3 2 2,273 10 —

4,645 9 6

1,308 16 8 2,064 17 4 3,817 4 9

7)708 14 10 2,776 17 11

9,086 5 — 9,720 11 1

1,185 8 3

5,655 6 10

2,030 2,357 940 574

i,722

1,000 30,693 47,28i 4,55o 1,388 806 1,921

30,703

2,622 1,546 10,128 8,517 3,578 8,281

10,577

13,611 1,514 1,473.139 128,485

— 2 13 1

2 10 18 9

3 5 1 4

— 4 1 10

12 3 1 11

7 1

11 1

8 3

7 —

12 5

4 4

9 5 1011

18 4 6 9

8 11

19 10

13 10

1 —

SPECIES of GOODS.

Hats, Chip - -

Hemp, Rough -

Hides, Losh -

— Ox or Cow

Incle, Wro* -Iron, Bar - — Cast -

Kelp -

Cambricks -Canvas, Hessens — Spruce Damask Tabling, Sil"" Drilling -

Germany, Narrow, ab. 31 £ 'Broad, ab. 22£ Inches - - - 3U

prj Narrow -v [Towell* and Napk* -

Manufactured Articles of India Mats, Russia

Oil, Ordinary.

— Sallad - -

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa, 2U -Pictures -

a /

® ( c '

03 o

03 O < JT O

Callicoes

Muslins

Nankeens

Prohibited

CO

G

13 ' cn

Seeds, Clover

[Bengal, Raw -JJ I China, Raw £5 j Italian and Turkey, Raw

— Thrown

Bear, Black -Beaver

Calf, Undressed

— Tanned Deer, in Hair Kid, Undressed Otter -Raccoon Wolf -

Snuff -

Soap -Spirits, Brandy

— Geneva

— Rum

Stones, Blocks of Marble

Tar -Thread, Sisters Tobacco ... Turpentine -

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Management*

£ s. d.

L337 11 5

98,954 14 6

4,402 9 2

2,562 — 1

3,188 18 .8

156,984 19 3

2,127 11 1

1,016 1 10

1,164 19 9

21,067 11 6

7,073 17 3

1,592 10 6

3,597 15 8

52,531 10 9

22,523 3 11

1,761 7 9

19,107 m / 5

5,795 9 1

1,297 13 3

4,928 ,8 —

3,465 13 5

10,654 2 4

2,608 4 1

1,106 8 4

1,28) 2 4

79,850 11 6

93,200 3 6

2,165 9 7

12,834 14 2

5,374 18 7

85,862 16 6

19,784 — 6

16,928 18 8

87,339 14 11

639 7 6

1,066 14 6

2,259 7 i

2,849 12 11

3,816 6 —

2,410 11 3

667 15 6

363 13 8

1,158 17 6

916 2 6

i,579 — 10

39,321 8 3

26,942 9 3

Q O O O O 18 —

1,179 11 9

5,782 14 —

1,344 4 9

*13,367 9 3

6,758 1 4

V01. 49»

(<continued)

Produce of Customs*

Produce of Customs.

112 4° Februarii. . 1794.

SPECIES of GOODS. Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Management.

Wax, Bees - -- - £ *. d. 6,826 13 2

Canary ----- ----- 720 6 4

French ----- ----- 11,201 17 4

CD C Madeira - -- 16,274 6 —

p — t V Portugal - 265,051 17 10

V. I Rhenish - -- 60,348 18 6

Spanish ——

''Balks - - - 2,698 19 7

Battens ----- - ---- 10,348 6 8

Boards, Failing - -- -- - 1,385 3 5

— Scale ----- ---- 1,151 12 5

— Wainscot - -- -- - 1,334 15 4

Deals - -- - 127,092 8 —

— Ends - -- 3,527 12 6

§ Lathwood - -- 3,466 12 4

Masts - -- - 2,557 6 11

Plank, Oak - -- 5,377 1 5

Staves - -- - 12,663 3 11

Timber, Fir - -- 1 70,312 7 Q

— Oak ----- ---- i,47i 8 3

Users - -- - 1,321 15 9

k Wainscot Logs - -- -- - 3,401 2 11

' Allum - - - - 517 16 11

O O Coals - -- - 97,395 12 2

O 'O - <d Lead - -- - 19,527 4 11

0 £ < Tin 3,6.53 13 2

a. "0 X Indigo - -- - 4,999 13 2

*35 Beaver Skins ----- ---- 1,940 7 2

3 C/3 . Other Subsidy Articles ----- -- 8,282 6 5

Coals carried Coastways - -- -- - 559,58o 1 2

Duties on Windows, by 24th Geo. III. ----- - 220,634 10 2

Wine sent Coastways to London - - - 3,729 12 1

Foreig n Corn brought Coastways ----- - 1,122 16 1

Produce of condemned Tobacco ----- -- 2,106 6 3

Produce of Old Stores, Rent of Prize Goods, &c. 46 710 7,927 8 —

Remitted from the Plantations ——

Rec4 of John Needham, Rec' of Fines and Forfeitures - - - 1,615 12 0

Rec4 of George Williams, Esq1, for Wine sold by the Excise 179 13 1

Taken from J. Bonus, who was executed for forging Acquittances of Custom House Debent* ----- --- -7 555 4 2

Sundry small Articles - -- -- - 138,681 15 if

Total £ 4,834,756 19 4

DISCHARGED:

By Bounties paid ——

By over Entries re-paid ——

Paid to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, towards supporting His Majesty's Civil Government there -Charges of Management in collecting the Customs Paid into the Exchequer ——

£ s. d. 422,693 16 2

32,363 2 6

43,150 ——

389,177 16 8i

3,947,372 4 — I

Inspector General's Office, 29th January 1794.

4,834,756 19 4f

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, &c.

Note. — In the above Payments into the Exchequer, amounting to £3,947,371. 4 — the

Sum of £ 254,888. 14$. 9f d.is included; which 'Sum is applicable to the special Purposes directed by the Act of the 31st Geo. III.

(B.) EXCISE.

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

cS

?T

O

<o

(B.)

EXCISE. ----- ---- An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every

separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th January 1794.

DUTIES.

Auctions v-

Beer.

Bricks and Tiles Candles -Coaches built for Sale Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Glass.

Hides, Skins, Vellum and Parch ment -

Hops -

Malt, perpetual -Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper -

Printed Goods -Soap -

{Foreign' I Starch -

Sweets -

Tea -

Tobacco and Snuff Verjuice is with Cyder and Perry Vinegar is with Metheglin or Mead Wine -

Wire....

o

ctq‘

Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate, or Tea -Makers and Sellers of Wax and Sperm. Candles, are with Candles Makers of, and Dealers in Excise Commodities Retailers of Spirituous Liqt Ditto of Wine Sellers of Gold and Silver PI Manuf" of and Dealers Tobacco and Snuff, are with Tobacco, Ac. - -

British

Duties commd 28 Dec. 1790 and 5 Jan. 1791

Foreign

Malt 5 Apr. 179*)

Total of Duties, except Malt Annual -Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder Perry -

Total of England

First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total Net Produce

from 5 Jan. 1793 from 5 Apr. 1793 from 5 July 1793 from 10 Oct. 1793 of the

to 5 Apr. 1793. to 5 July 1793. to 10 Oct. 1793. to 5 Jan. 1794. Four Quarters.

£. t. d. £. «. d. £. s. d. £.i. d. £. s. d.

18,189 18,667 — — 15.708 17.440 70,004

CO CO CO 00 1 1 735,38o 439,404 367,368 2,005,490

12,097 2,984 50,878 57,oi6 122,975

83.05a 64,218 28,074 38,652 213,996 —

226 349 851 581 3,007 —

11,032 7,651 9, H4 9,049 36,846 —

1,700 3,77° — — 8,443 4,843 18,756 —

43.655 38,784 44,476 38,664 165,579 —

74,358 54,566 59,976 51,428 240,328 —

141,492 4,318 - 145,810 —

1,482 24,116 405,026 104,907 535,531 —

2,748 4,698 9,050 — — 2,260 18,756 —

20,391 14,816 16,921 20,025 72,153 —

64.344 41,828 40.349 45*045 191,566 —

89,735 - — 78,797 85,226 100,080 — 353,838 —

234,859 220,263 50,445 lOb‘,689 612,256 —

173,1 >3 143,784 181,988 187,067 685,952 —

22,695 . 18,335 21,172 20,986 83,188 —

2,49° 4,658 2,745 — ' — 1,123 n,oi6 —

57,128 153,178 3 ni 102,590 18 lj i«4,747 13 3i 477,64414 4*

80,299 66,489 — 74,758 75>582 297,128 —

70,152 15,609 54,217 82,909 222,887 —

753 902 692 529 3,876 —

2,693 2,635 5,368 3,243 — 13,939 —

6,774 3,333 6,08l 27,380 — 43,568 —

1 5,153 660 2,580 150,723 — 159,116 —

2,873 170 772 29,568 - 33,383 —

> 1,718 1,774 *,651 1,965 8,178 —

,36,631 41,263 C),024 16,937 103,855 —

32,334 28,133 37,730 36,586 134,783 —

- I,6l6,082 I 1,933.302 3 nj| 1,770,62718 in 1,763,392 12 3 7,083,404 14 4i

8,170 121,438 299,278 — 118,456 547,342

1,624,252 2,054,740 3 nji 2,069,90518 in 1,881,848 12 3; 7,630,746 14 4$

Excise Office, London, \ 9 Jan. 1794. J

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of the Excise paid into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Excise in England, in One Year, between the 5 January 1793 and 5 January 1794, on the Part of Scotland.

DUTIES.

Auctions -Beer and Ale Bricks and Tiles Candles Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Glass

Hides and Skins Malt, perpetual -Paper

Printed Goods -Soap

c . f British

SP,nU -[Foreign Starch

Tobacco and Snuff Wine

f General Licences; Spirituous [Tea -Malt, commenced 5 Jan British Spirits 1791 Foreign Spirits 1791

Liquors 1791

Total of Duties, except Malt, Anni -Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry

Total of Scotland - £.

First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total Net Produce

from 5 Jan. 1793 from 5 Apr. 1793 from 5 July 1793 from 10 Oct. 1793 of the

to 5 Apr. 1793. to 5 July 1793. to 10 Oct. 1793. to 5 Jan. 1794. Four Quarters.

£. s. d. £. S. d. £. * d. £. I. d. £. *. d.

1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 4,000

6,000 6,000 — 3,000 5,000 20,000

2,000 ... - 2,000 4,000

3,000 - 3,000

1,000 1,000

2,000 6,000 — — 2,000 - 10,000

- 6,000 6,000

6,000 6,000 5,000 12,000 29,000

2,000 1,000 — — - 1,000 2,000 6,000

20,000 21,000 18,000 7,000 66,000

12,000 9,oooo 5,000 5,000 — — 31,000

io, opo 12,000 8,000 14,000 44,000 — —

6,000 6,000 4,000 ... 16,000

1,000 2,000 1,000 ... 4,000

7,000 — — 10,000 10,000 9,000 36,000

6,000 10,000 3,000 5,000 24,000

1,000 2,000 - 1,000 4,000

1,000 2,000 1,000 1,000 5,000

1,000 1,000

2,000 1,000 - 3,000

- - 6,000 2,000 1,000 9,oooo

84,000 108,000 68,000 66,000 326,000

6,000 2,000 4,000 6,000 18,000

90,000 110,000 72,000 72,000 344,000

{England Scotland -

Total of Perpetual Duties -

f England

Annual Duties - - i _ ,

[ Scotland

Total of Annual Malt, &c.

Total of England and Scotland

Jas Webby Accomp1 Gen1.

D. Sutherland, Dep^ Comptr.

£. £ t. d.

7,083,404 14 4i

3«6,000 —

- 7,409,404 14 4$

547,343

18,000

565,34a

- £. 7,974,746 14 4i

CO

my

S.£

e

8

34 Geo. III. 4° Februarii.

114

4° Februarh.

A. 1794.

Stamps.

(C.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. i,oooo, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January instant

Consolidated Duties - - £ 728,762 14 10

Insurance - 125,051 5 3

Burials - - - - 3,779 9 6

Hats ..... 12,727 15 t

Plate - 25,920 17 8

Post Horse Duty, &c. - - - 191,488 5 2

Medicines - - - 12,199 — 2

Game - 29,209 8 —

Attornies - 24,889 11 7

Pawnbrokers - 4, H4 16 4

Gloves - 6,071 16 1

Perfumery - m m - 4,347 4 10

Judges Duty in Scotland - - - 1,387 18 4

Bills of Exchange - - - 115,146 15 1

Receipts - 1 - 43,948 7 4

Add1 Game, 1791 - m m - 12,994 8 11

Apprentice Duty m m - 6,900 1 11

£ ',348,939 16 1

Stamp Office, y Janr 23d 1794.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

(D) An

o

VO

D

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

cS

FT

o

5

(D.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending 5th January instant.

£ St d.

Consolidated Letter Money - - 156,000 — r —

D® - Salt - - 387,435 17 7 i

Seizures - - - 14,066 18 6

Letter Money, 1760 - - 250,000 — —

Alienation Duty - - - 2,040 18 8

6d. Deduction on Pensions, 1721 - - 46,342 — —

l*. - D* - on Salaries, 1758 - - 33,470 4 1 i

Houses and Windows, 1766 - - 335,084 >9 6 I

Houses, 1779 - - 134,727 18 10 i

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 - - 3,363 12 6

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 - 12,100 13 3

- - D® 1784 - 13,116 — —

Male Servants - 88,544 6 2

Female D® - - 7,217 11 6 I

Horses - - 109,338 8 4 4

Four-wheeled Carriages 149,950 4 2 4

Two-wheeled - D® - 30,657 17 8*

Waggons - - - 3,299 4 44

Carts - " - 3,301 — 6*

First Fruits of the Clergy - - 3,958 1 n i

Tenths - D® - - - 9,915 8 94

£. 10 per Cent. - - 88,658 13 64

1,882,590

The Produce of Duties under £. 1,000, O T

within the above Period, amounts to - 2,175 18 2

& 1,884,765 18 54

Money paid by Render Mason, Esquire, Executor of Render Mason, Esquire, on Account of his Contract in East Florida ——

D# - by Richard Pritchard, in Part of a Bond for £. 100.

D° - by Messrs. Ja' and John Meyrick, on Account of Henry Bromley, Esquire, for raising his late Independent Company ——

D® - by James Parsons, on Account of Thomas Allen, Esquire, late Receiver for Somerset, on Land and Windows ——

D® - by Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, on Account of David Skene, Inspector of Public Roads in Scotland ——

D® - by Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Philip Cade, Esquire, and Joyce Lloyd, Widow, Executors of the Reverend Philip Lloyd, deceased, agreeably to a Clause in the Will of Catherine Lloyd, deceased ——

D® - by George Aust, Esquire, on Account of the Fencibles in the Isle of Man D* - by William Brummell, on Account of Captain Hixt's Independent Company -D® - by Alex' Adair, on Account of the Sussex Militia, to the 13th March 1783 D® - by Claude Scott, upon Account of Wheat and Corn sold for the Use of Government D® - by Lord Auckland, in Balance of a Sum received by him for Military Service -D® - by Francis Ruddle, Executor of Thomas Brooksbank, Esquire, late Agent for the East Middlesex Militia ——

D® - by William Chamberlayne, on Account of the Representatives of Hanbury Tomlinson Nesbitt, Esquire, and Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, on a Contract for Money remitted to America for the Use of the Army -

D® - by General Leslie, as Commander of the Forces in Virginia, from November 1781 to November 1782 ——

D® - by Edward Beeston Long, and David Barclay, Esquires, upon Account of the Representatives of Hanbury Tomlinson Nesbitt, Esquire, as before D® - by Lieutenant General Christie, Deputy Quarter Master General in North America, in Balance of his Account from 1757 to 1766 - -

D® - by Edward Roberts, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, for the Residue of Exchequer Fees, for the Year 1790, applicable to the Consolidated Fund -D® - by the East India Company, in Part of an Annual Sum of £. 500,000, by Act of Parliament 33d Geo. III. . ....

D® - by Charles Long, Esquire, for Interest on £. 187,000 for Annuities

D® - by George Rose, Esquire, Surveyor, &c. of Green Wax, for Post Fines from

21st July 1775 to 21st July 1788....

D® - by James Ballard, Esquire, on Account of the Worcester Militia -

Imprest Money repaid by Lord Brownlow, Executor of Messrs. Cust and Jones, remitted to them at Gibraltar ——

Exchequer, the 21st Day of January 1794.

Ex'. Newcastle.

s.

d.

5,000 ——

1 11 —

104 6 500 — 961 16

34

829 8 6

95o ——

103 ——

2,288 17 10

150,000 ——

1,030 ——

1,744 10 —

3.670 19 11

143 8 —

3.671 ——

632 16 —

1,368 3 4

250,000 ——

8,053 13 10

3,592

141

4

1

24

2

3,587 5 2

438,374 — 64

1,884,765 18 54

£ 2,323,139 19 s T

34* Geo. III. 4°

Account of Produce of Taxes, ordered.

Account of Exchequer Hills made forth in pursuance of Act of last Session, ordered.

116 4° Februa. . 1794.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the " Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. "

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an " Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes, for " One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1794. "

made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on Account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England"

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe-

Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Navy Debt,

forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address presented, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His to His Majesty,

" Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hun- An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it " dred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes stood on the 31st December 1793.

" therein mentioned; and for providing that the Go- And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

" vemor and Company of the Bank of England shall The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

" not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act,

Navy

34 Geo. III.

4° Februarii,

117

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, Navy Debt. 22nd January 1794.] 88 it stood on the 31st December 1793.

HEADS OF THE NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof ——

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1793; and also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1793 -To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, See.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December1

1793 .....- .

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to that Office -

The Total amounts to Six Million Seven hundred and Nine thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence ——

From thence deducting the Money in the'

Treasurer's Hands - - - as on the

And also the Money that remained to j other Side, come in of the Supplies -

The Debt will then be Five Million Four hundred and Forty four thousand Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence ——

N.B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1793

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of victualling the Land Forces, between the 1st January and 31st December 1793, amounts to

c

Particulars.

£> e. d.

2,784,218 3 9

303,172 15 2 1

323,814 — —

105,845 5 3J

307,264 — n 1 6 1

562,970 2

227,144 18 -J

31.460 5 \

1,885,951 9 11

28,627 if) " >

29,150 14 10

26,500 — J

455,397 8 6, J

809,985 1 2iJ

- £

386,710 17 4

261,680 4 4

TOTAL.

£ *. d.

3»5»7.050 4 2

i,097,379 1 5

2,001,690 5 9

648,391 1 8

93,629 2 3

6,709,748 13 7 >

1,265,382 9 9

5,444,366 3 10

Vol.49.

Hh

Memiu?

Men?*. — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1793, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

GO

o

to'

N

CD

Q_

CT

On the Heads of

In what Treasurer's Hands. In Money. Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages. A Victuals. TOTAL.

1. s. d. £ s' Cs- d- £ d.

Right honbl* Welhare JEllis^ In Money Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - 5,373 2 1 1,191 11 1 5 7 15 -T 1, 6^80 18 10f

Right honbl* Isaac Barre ' In Money Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 3,289 9 10 2,587 18 4i 10 17 9 86 5 4 5,976 11 3--

Right honble Hen. Dundee/ (ist Trearship) - In Money ----- ----- Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 3,602 il 11 I 1,810 5 84 10 14 11 124 2 3 4-j 5,547 14 1*

Right honb,e Charles Towns-/ hend ( In Money ----- ----- - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 2,893 5 41 1,393 10 6 21 7 8 643 *7 i-tj 4,952 —

Right honM* Hen. Dundasf (ad Trearship) - -[ In Money - -- -Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ... 3,670 14 11 i . «. 731 1 7 9 13 10 501 14 1 \ - w - f 4,9*3 4 6

Right houw* Hen. Dundasf (New Account) - In Money - -- -- --Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 209,787 io 8 i — 172,*43 13 23,999 10 10 21,496 11 t| 427,426 18 3 4

£ 228,616 14 11 203,911 11 9* 22,869 1 10 4 55,397 8 6*

There remained, on the 31st December 1793, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies - £. s. - 809,985 1 d. 2 T

Henry Martin. J. Hens Ion). /Fill" Rule. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. IV. Palmer. Sam1 Wallis. A. S. Hamond. $. Marshall.

~ -VI

4? Februarii. . 1794.

34 ©im. III.

4® Februurii,

IM

African

Company's

Petition.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the 'Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of she "Committee of the Company df Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, mat His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought" up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1792, examined and passed by the Ciirsitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to ," and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1793, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Petitioners have often represented to the House, that the old Forts and Settlements in Africa, being originally ill constructed, and built of very bad Materials, required continual and great Repairs, that they were delivered to the Petitioners by the late Royal African Company in a very ruinous Condition, and that the Sum usually granted by Parliament, after defraying the necessary Expences of the Civil and Military Establishments, were by no means sufficient to enable the Petitioners to preserve them from falling into Decay; and their Duty now obliges them (however reluctantly) to represent further, that the said usual Grants become still more insufficient for the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, by the Existence of various additional and unavoidable Expences

which they have been put to in the last Year, and which still continues, not only in the increased permanent Charge of their Civil and Military Establishments, but In thetidditiorrtA Expences ib 'Consequence of the present War, as well in Freight and Insurance, as in the Cost of Various Oomtnodrties for the Supply of the 16athe; and that the said increased Expences amount, upon a moderate Estimate, to a Sum not less than £.2,000 per Annum, and the Petitioners are apprehensive that they must be still further augmented, both by an Increase in Number, and in the Salaries of Officers and Servants necessary "to be employed in the said - Forts and Settlements: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and ExtenSioU, of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient, as well for the extraordinary Expences of the last-Year not provided for by Parliament, as for the present Repairs, and for the effectual permanent Support of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mh Marlow, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Produce of and, at the Bat, presented to the House, pursuant to pre* their Order,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes: for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Was feud.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vo 1- 49.

To

Produce of Taxes.

120

4° Februarii. A. 1794.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens,'and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of

January 1794.

Customs Excise -Stamps -

INCIDENTS:

D"

D°

D#

D*

D*

Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 D" - - Salt -Seizures since 25th October 1760 Proffers ----- - D°

Letter Money - -Alum Mines - - -Compositions - - -Rent of a Light House Alienation Duty - -

6 d.Deduct on Pensions, 24th June 1721 u. D° - Salaries, &fc. 5th April 1758 Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 -Inhabited Houses, 1779 -Hawkers and Pedlars, 24th June 1724 Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711-

D#.....1784 -

Male Servants - -Female D° -

Horses - -

Four Wheel Carriages Two Wheel - D° -Waggons - -

Carts -

Shops -

First Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy Men Servants, 1777 (Arrears) -

1785 -D#

D°

D*

D#

D*

D*

D*

DUTIES A* 1791.

Sugar ——

British Spirits - -

Foreign D* -

Malt....

Bills and Receipts - -

Game Duty -

£ 10 per Cent on assessed Taxes

Total of Customs, Excise, and Stamps Total of Incidents -Total of Duties A* 1791 -

Grand Total -

£ s~ d.

3,668,753 18 — 4

7,158,766 14 44

1,189,663 5 —

£ 12,017,183 17 5

156,000

- 387,435 17 7 1

- 14,066 18 6

- 610 1 7

- 250,000

- 960

m 116 8

- 6 13 4

2,040 18 8

46,342

- 33,470 4 1 4

335,084 19 64-

134,727 18 104

- 3,363 12 6

12,100 13 3

- 13,116

- 88,544 6 2

7,217 11 64

- 109,338 8 44

149,950 4 24

30,657 17 84.

" 3,299 4 4 4

" 3,301 — 6

47 12 4

- 13,873 10 9

" 549 14 2

£ 1,796,107 4 114

3H,394 9 9*

103,855

143,783

2,000

159,095 2 5

- 12,994 8 11

88,658 13 64.

£ 821,780 14 8

- 12,017,183 17 5

- 1,796,107 4 114

- 821,780 14 8

£ 14,635,071 17 — 4

Exchequer, the 4th day of February 1794. John R.

Ordered,

Report

Supply.

Ordinary of Nary.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Charge of D°.

Forces in the Plantations.

Difference between Charge of British and Irish Establishments.

34 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

121

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Fifty-eight thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Forty-seven thousand Three hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-two Invalids, amounting to Sixty thousand Two hundred and Forty-four effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1794-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred and Ninety-two thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sixty thousand Two hundred and Forty-four effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, including those in Guernsey and Jersey, in Flanders, on an Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira, and on Board the Fleet, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Seventy-seven thousand Six hundred Eighty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Master, Surgeons and Serjeants, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Two hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot serving in the West Indies, at Gibraltar, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December Vol. 49.

Troops in East India.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

Levy Money, &c. for Augmentations to the Forces.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

1794, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Nineteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowances of Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Levy Money, and of Horse Furniture and Accoutrements, for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1794-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand Three hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds One Shilling and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in Flanders, and under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Year 1794-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Full Pay to That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand One Snpemume-hundred Eighteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven rar>' officer* Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand Seven to the Pay-hundred Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three aster. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance °ene ' c' to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the -Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced Of-That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-six thou- ®cers of Lan<1 sand Eight hundred and Forty-three Pounds Ten Shil- Marines!* lings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty-six Horse Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to Guards-His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to1 several Private Gentlemen of the late Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Officers late That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be in the Service granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Of- °^®r^tate4 fleers late in the Service of the States General, for the ,ene Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced Offi-That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and cere of British Ninety-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His American Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of Force*‘

I i His

122

4° Febnta.

A. 1794.

His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year

1794-

Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

10 "2* That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to; His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1794.

Widows Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pensions. That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred Thirty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1794.

Chelsea Pen- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sioners. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred Forty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1794.

"Scotch Roads _ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Bridges. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1794.

Embodied Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, FendbleT1 That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eighty-seven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, of several Corps of Fencible Men in North Britain, and of a Corps of Fencible Men in the Isle of Man, from the 25th Day of December 1793 to the 24th Day of December 1794, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Contingen- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cies, &c. for That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Men, in the Year 1794.

Cloathing for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Militia. That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Six hundred Fifty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1794.

Corps trans- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Irish'to That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty-the British ^ve thousand Six hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Establish- Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, meat. for defraying the Charge of Corps transferred from the

Irish to the British Establishment, and of Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, for several Periods, in the Year 1793.

Hanoverian Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, roops. That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Thirty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eighteen thousand Hanoverians, in the Pay of Britain, for the Year 1794.

Troops of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hesse Cassd. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Four thousand Thiee hundred and Nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve thousand Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794, pursuant to Treaty. Troops of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hesse Darm- That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Two thousand and Seventy-three Pounds, be granted to

5

His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three thousand Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Darmstadt, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Troops of That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand and Baden-Sixty-seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seven hundred and Fifty-four Men of the Troops of the Margrave of Baden, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordin*-That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Eight nesoftha thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fourteen Anny-Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 25th day of December 1792 to the 24th Day of December 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance for That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and One 1794> thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy- previous to six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be

franted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of for.pr° ervices performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, previous to 31st December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Twenty- Land Service, five Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted not provided to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Ser- or m 1792‘ vices performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D° not on>-That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eleven vided for "» thousand Four hundred and Nineteen Pounds Eleven 1793-Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Three Sea Service, hundred and Fifty Pounds Three Shillings and Six not provided Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the forln1793* Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upper That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hun- Canada. . dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st Day of December 1793 to the 31st Day of December 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nova Scotia. That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1794 to the 1st Day of January 1795-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New Brun»* That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hundred wick. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, St. John'* That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun- Island.

dred

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Mutiny Bill ordered.

Report Ways and Means.

Malt.

34 Geo. III. 4° Februariu

123

dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1794 to the 1st Day of January 1795;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred and Forty-four Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers of the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1794 to the 1st Day of April 1795; and also, of a Patent under the Great Seal, creating a Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 179410 the 1st Day of January 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Siolary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1794 to the 1st Day of January 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred Ninety-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1793 to the 10th Day of October 1794.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1794, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June 1795. Vol. 49.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land Tax. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1794, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, , and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Bill for precording to Order, a Bill for preventing Money or venting Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, be- Frenc{*J " longing to, or disposeable by, Persons resident in France, ^p^ied to the being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Use of the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving French Go-the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof: And the same was received; and read presen the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to Question bring in a Bill to give an Appeal to the Lords in Par- Neg. for re-liament, from the Judgments and Sentences of the Erring to a Court of Justiciary and the Circuit Courts of Scotland, Motion for in Matter of Law; giving an A p-

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pealfrom the put, That the said Motion be referred to the Consider- c^rts in ation of a Committee of the whole House; Scotland.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.^jofZtlmd,

TeUersfor theN

So it passed in the Negative.

r *i. 126.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- American ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade Bill House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in deerred‘ Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

124

5° Februarii, . 1794.

Mercurii, 5° die Februarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

Warwick and O IR John Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

Braunston O to whom the Petition of the Gendemen, Mer-

CanalPe- chants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Towns

<ition report- Warwick and Birmingham, and of the County of Warwick, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition Mr. William Felkyn, being examined, said, That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Canal, navigable for Boats and other Vessels, may be made from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, at or near Warwick, to the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of Northampton; that the making such Canal will open a very near Communication by Water between the Town of Birmingham and the Oxford Canal, and the Grand Junction Canal at Braunston aforesaid, and be the Means of increasing the Commerce of the said County of Warwick in general, and of the Towns of Warwick and Birmingham in particular, and w ill be of great Public Utility.

Mr. Charles Handley, being examined, confirmed so much of the above Evidence as relates to the Utility of the proposed Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of brooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton: And that Sir John Mordaunt, the Lord Arden, and Mr. George Villiers, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Birmingham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names and Stone are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting Bridge Road in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the ‘Petition- Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick (through ElmdonJ to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, in the doing of which, a very considerable Debt hath been contracted, but several Parts thereof still remain narrow and incommodious, and in a ruinous and bad Condition; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Road be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, the Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Tyburn and put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year Uxbridge, of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over HanwelHeath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected (besides a large Sum which was owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said Three former Acts of Parliament) but find that the Roads cannot effectually be amended, and kept in Repair, and the Money so borrowed and before owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and some of the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Term, altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, and increasing some of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken and collected, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Land St. Alkmond Owners, Impropriators of Tythes, and Inhabitants, of Church Pe-the Parish of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrews- ution' bury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Towti of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, is in a very decayed and ruinous Condition (except the Steeple and Spire thereof; and, having been surveyed by several skilful and experienced Architects, it is by them reported to be in a State very dangerous for the Petitioners, and others, to assemble therein, for the Purpose of Divine Worship, it is therefore become necessary that the same should be taken down, and re-built: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hill, Sir Richard Hill,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the* Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

34 Geo. III. 5° Februarii.

125

Chappie Allerton, &c. Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Chappie Biddisham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition toex- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the rate^Camd" Lancaster Canal Navigation, was presented to the Navigation. House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, " in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also " another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Gale " Moss, by Charley, to or near in the said

" County Palatine of ," whereby the Petitioners were united into a Company, and authorized to make and complete a Canal, to be called The Lancaster Canal, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, at, or near, Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, through the several Parishes and Townships in the said Act mentioned, into the Township of West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, a Distance of Seventy-five Miles, or thereabouts; and, to the End that the Petitioners might be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were thereby empowered to raise and contribute among themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money for making the said Canal and Branches, and the Roads, and other Ways, Works, and Conveniencies, the Sum of £.414,100 in the Whole, and that, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, the Petitioners were enabled to raise amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum, not exceeding £.200,000, or might be at Liberty to raise the same Sum, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking; and that the Petitioners, by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal' " from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, " to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said " intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War-' " ton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch " from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near " 'Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of ;"

" and also for making a Navigable Branch from the " said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster" were empowered (exclusive of the Two several Branches in the said first-mentioned Act) to make, complete, and maintain a certain other Navigable Branch from the said Lancaster Canal, commencing at or near Galgate aforesaid, through the several Lands and Grounds therein mentioned, in the Townships of Ellel and Thumham, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to be continued to, and communicate with, the Dock at Glasson, within the Port of Lancaster, and the Petitioners are proceeding in the Execution of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation with great Expedition; and that, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that an Extension of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation may be made from the said Lancaster Canal, in the Township of Asptil, in the Parish of Wigan, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation of the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Township of Worsley, in the Parish Vol. 49.

of Eccles, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, which said Extension, by passing into or through the several Parishes of Wigan, Dean, Leigh, and Eccles, and into or through the several Townships of Aspul,

Ince, West Houghton, Hindley, West Leigh, Atherton, Tildsley, Bedford, Astley, and Worsley, will be not only of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons having Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, but also to the Public in general, as it will not only open an easy, safe, and commodious Communication through a populous and trading Country, between the several Towns and Places hereinbefore mentioned, but also will unite the whole Lancaster Canal Navigation, and the several Branches thereof, rich in Coals, Cannel, and Limestone, with most of the Canal Navigations now made, or making, in the more Southern Parts of this Kingdom; and that, if a short Deviation of the Line of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, which remains yet unfinished, was made, commencing from, at, or near, a certain Place called Cabus Nook, in the Township of Cabus, in the said County of Lancaster, to communicate with the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, in the Township of Bamacre with Bonds, in the said County, and which said Deviation would be made and carried into or through the several Parishes of Cockerham and Gar-stang Church Town, and into or through the several Townships of Cabus, Winmarley, Garstang,

and Bamacre with Bonds, it would facilitate the making of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and save a very considerable Expence to the Petitioners, and would otherwise be of Public Advantage; and that, in order to make the said intended Extension and Deviation, and to complete the said Lancaster Canal and Branches, it may become necessary that the Petitioners be empowered to borrow and take up at Interest a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation; and that the said Acts are, in many Respects, defective, and will require to be amended and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr. Cawthorne,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of George Dawson, Esquire, Lord of the Rufforth Manor of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York, Inclowire and Owner of several Estates within the said Manor p*tition' and Parish of Rufforth, Grace Thompson, Widow, Impropriator of the Rectory of Rufforth aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of Estates and Common Rights there respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Parish, several Open Fields and Ings, and also a Moor or Common called Rufforth Moor or Common, and other Waste Grounds; and that the several Properties in the said Open Fields and Ings lie intermixed, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Ings, Common, and Waste Grounds, if the same were inclosed and divided, and exempted from Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for making Compensation to the Impropriator of the Rectory of the said Parish, for the Great and Small Tythes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and

K k Payments,

126 5° Februarii. . 1794.

Payments, Yearly arising within the said Manor or Parish, or the Tytheable Places thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Mordaunt Milner and Mr. Slater Milnes do prepare, and bring in the same.

Shilton Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of John Williams Willaume, Esquire, the surviving Trustee of the Estates of Robert Esquire, for the Benefit of his Creditors, Proprietor of the Manor of Shilton, in the County of , and of

Part of the Lands within the said Manor and Parish of Shilton, Willian Higginson, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, William Walford, John Franklin , and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in which the Petitioners Properties lie so intermixed and inconveniently situated as, in their present State, to admit of very little Improvement, but if the said Fields and other Premises were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, to be held in Severalty, great Advantages would arise to the Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Loveden do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition for A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Addition to County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and A°Cham rea^» Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by Road*. the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Saint Augustine's Gates, in the City and County of the City of Norwich, to the Dog Inn, in the Town of Aylsham, in the said County; and that Part of a Branch of Road, leading from the before-mentioned Road towards the Town of Holt, in the said County, being the Distance of about Three Miles, is greatly out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and the amending the same would be of Benefit to the Petitioners, and all Persons having Occasion to make Use thereof: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the intended Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, such Part of the said Branch of Road as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants, of the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Petition in A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the favour of Colder and Hebble Navigation, incorporated by Act of Bridge and Parliament, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Castle Field present Majesty, for extending the Navigation of the (or the Roch- River Colder to Salter, Hebble Bridge, and dale) Canal Bridge,w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting

1 ‘ forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that

a Bill is depending for Leave to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from Sowerby Bridge Wharf, near Halifax, in the County of York, the Head of the Pe-tioners Navigation, by way of Todmorden, Deyne-head, Littleborough, Rochdale, Chadderton, and Failsworth, to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridge-water at or near Castle Field, near Manchester, in the

2

County of Lancaster, with several Branches therefrom:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Huddersfield to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Canal Bill gable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Presented-Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to piympton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Earle Writ. electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Piympton Earle, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Carhampton in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonen-ham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That there, be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Total Quantity of Raw or Muscovado Suga? imj Sugars (the Produce of the East Indies excepted) imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the ordered, last Six Years; together with an Account of the Medium Annual Quantity retained in the above Period, and the Produce of the Duty thereof, computed at the Rate of Two Shillings and Eight Pence per Hundred Weight.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wilton Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable George Augustus Herbert, commonly called Lord Herbert, now Earl of Pembroke, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^tI'frII|can upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States, of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Produce of the Banal, &c. Duty, for Produce of Three Years, ending the 1st Day of August 1793; dig- Duty! order-tinguishing each Year. ed.

Ordered,

Accounts

ordered.

Duty on GlfOV68.

N* of Attornies.

Duties on Bricks and Tiles.

Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles.

Slates and

Stones

brought

Coastwise.

Duties on

Glass.

Duty on Glass Bottles.

34 Geo. III. 5° Febr 127

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Gloves, for Three Years, ending the 1st Day of August 1793; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Attornies admitted in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, within the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Court

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles, and on Non-enumerated Tiles, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles from that on Non-enumerated Tiles.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Slates, and Black or Quarry Stones, brought Coastwise, for the last Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Glass, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishingeach Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Glass Bottles, or Bottle Metal, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Account of the Amount of the Duty on Spread Win- Broad G1m», dow Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on British British Spirits, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January Spult*‘ 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Foreign g° — j^11 Spirits, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of Ja- P nuary 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Account of the Net Amount of the Duty on Paper, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Forster, from Account of the Court of King's Bench, attended at the Door; he N.°o{ Attar-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, jj^e Ctort pursuant to their Order, of King's

An Account of the Number of Attornies admitted Bench prein the Court of King's Bench, within the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vis;.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Attornies admitted in the Court of King's Bench, within the last

Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

From Hilary Term 1791 to Michaelmas Term 1791, both inclusive From Hilary Term 1792 to Michaelmas Term 1792, both inclusive From Hilary Term 1793 to Michaelmas Term 1793, both inclusive

336

190

266

792

Edw. B.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the he was ctdled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Account of

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred House, pursuant to their Order, N° of Attor-

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the An Account of the Number of Attornies admitted Supply granted to His Majesty. in the Court of Common Pleas, within the last Three J," Common

Years; distinguishing each Year. Pleas pre-

The House being informed that Mr. Lee, from And then he withdrew. sented.

the Court of Common Pleas, attended "at the Door; And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folleweth;

V01. 49.

ACCOUNT

Account of Sugars imported and exported presented.

Sugars.

128 5° Februarii. A. 1794.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Attornies admitted in the Court of Common Pleas, within the last Three

Years; distinguishing each Year.

From Hilary Term 1791 to Michaelmas Term 1791, both inclusive From Hilary Term 1792 to Michaelmas Term 1792, both inclusive From Hilary Term 1793 to Michaelmas Term 1793, both inclusive

88

7i

7»

230

Examined.

Rich* Lee,

Deputy Clerk of the Warrants of the Court of Common Pleas.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Quantity of Raw or Muscovado Sugars (the Produce of the East Indies excepted) imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the last Six Years; together with an Account of the Medium Annual Quantity retained in the above Period, and the Produce of the Duty thereof, computed at the Rate of Two Shillings and Eight Pence per Hundred Weight.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Quantity of Raw or Muscovado Sugars (the Produce of the East Indies excepted) imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the last Six Years; together with an Account of the Medium Annual Quantity retained in the above Period, and the Produce of the Duty thereof, computed at the Rate of 2 s.8 d.per Cwt.

Total Quantity — Irtiported in the Six Years -

Exported in the Six Years - - .

Total remains

Medium Annual Quantity remaining

Duty on the Medium Annual Quantity, at 2 8 per C*.

... Cwts. 11,807,659 1,124,926

10,682,733

r i,78o,455

237,394

Inspector General's Office, Custom House, London, February 4th, 1794.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain.

Ordered,

34 Geo. III. 5° Februarii.

129

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from Gloves^and Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Burials,'&c.; Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, presented. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Gloves, for Three Years; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Burials, &c. for Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duly on Gloves, for Three Years; Gloves.

distinguishing each Year.

C d.

1791 6,925 15 9

1792 6,173 7 11

1793 -.....6,861 16 1

Stamp Office, February 5th 1794.

J. Lloyd,

pro Compt'.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Burials, &c. for Three Years; Burials.

distinguishing each Year.

I- s. d.

1791 ..... 3,918 4 9

1792 ..... 4,762 10 4

1793 ..... 3,155 9 6

Stamp Office, J. Lloyd,

February 5th 1794. pro Comptr.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. IVcbb, from the

presented. Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he w'as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Vol. 49.

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Duties on Bricks and Tiles, for Three Years, ending 5th January Bricks and 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also, Tl, C8*

An Account of the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles, Duty on Pan and on Non-enumerated Tiles, for Three Years, to the and Ridge 5th July 1792, being to as late a Period as the same can Tile8' be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles from that on Non-enumerated Tiles:

And also,

L1 An

Duties on Glass.

Duty on Glass Bottles.

Duty on Broad Glass.

Duties onBri* tish Spirits.

Duty on Bricks and Tilea.

Duty on Tiles.

130 5° Februarii. A. 1T94.

An Account of the Net Amount Of the Duties on Glass, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Glass Bottles, or Bottle Metal, for Three Years, to 5th July 1792, being to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, for Three Years, to 5th July 1792, being to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on British Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January

1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Duties on Fo-Foreign Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January reign Spirits. 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duty on Paper, Duty on for Three Years, ending the 5th of January 1794; dis- Paper-tinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

EXCISE. {

An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles, for Three Years, Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

EXCHEQUER PAYMENTS.

£ s. d.

1 vo 10 1 i 1 1 I - 115,382

Years ended 5 th January < 1793 - - - 119,893

1794 - 122,975

£ 358,250

Excise Office,

London,

5th February 1794.

Jo' Webb,

Accomp* Gen*.

G. J. Cholmo IV. Lowndes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

JV. Jackson.

An ACCOUNT of the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles, and on Non-enumerated Tiles, for Three Years, to 5th July 1792> being to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles from that on Non-enumerated Tiles.

Pan or Ridge Non-enumerated

Tiles. Tiles.

£. s. d. £. s. i.

1790 ' 6,009 8 5 i VO oc VO 00

Years ending 5 th July / 1791 - - 6,606 19 64 92 17 24

1 I1792 - 7,065 6 7 £ 95 7 10*

£ 19,681 14 74 286 14 9-f

Excise Office,

London,

5th February 1794.

C. Rix,

Accomp* Gen*.

G. J. Cholmondeley.

JV. Loumdes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

JV. Jackson.

EXCISE.

34 Geo. III.

5° Februarii,

131

EXCISE

f An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Glass, for Three Years, ending 1 the 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

EXCHEQUER PAYMENTS. £ s. d.

' 1792 - - - 12, 057

Years ended the 5th January - - < 1793 t 145,664

s *794 0 OX 1 1

£ 453,300 —

Excise Office, 1

London, >

5th February 1794. J

Ja‘Webb, Accomp' Gen1.

G. J. Cholmo W. Lowndes.

H. Receley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

W. Jackson.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty on Glass Bottles, or Bottle Metal, for Three Years, to 5th July 1792, being to as late a period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Years ending 5th July

£. s. d.

' 1790 - 49,259 7 7i

\ 1791 50,809 5 8*4.

- 1792 51,855 18 9 4

£ 151,924 12 2

Excise Office, London,

5th February 1794.

C. Rix,

Accomp' Gen1.

G. J. Cholmondeley. W. Lowndes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

W. Jackson.

Vol. 49.

An

Duty on Glass.

Duty on

Glass

Bottles.

Duty on Window Glass.

Duty on

British Spirits.

132

5° Februarii. A. 1794.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty on Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, for Three Years, to 5th July 1792» being to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Years ending 5th July -

1790 -- I 1791 -I 1792 -

s. d.

- 8,686 8 1

- 8,943 6 10

- 9,087 17 10

£ 26,717 12 94-

Excise Office, London,

5th February 1794.

C. Riv,

Accomp* Gen1.

G. J. Cholmo W. Lowndes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

W. Jackson.

EXCISE.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on British Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties.

EXCHEQUER PAYMENTS. Old Duty. Additional Duty, 1791. TOTAL.

r 1792 £. s. d. 592,116 £ s. d. 78,703 1- d. 670,819

Years ended 5th January; 1793 618,118 110,294 728,412

1 l Tf cn N p* 612,256 103,855 716,111

c 1,822,490 . 292,852 2,115,342

Excise Office,

London,

5th February 1794.

Ja‘

Accomp* Gen1.

G. J. Cholmondeley. W. Lowndes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

W. Jackson.

EXCISE.

34 Geo. III. 5°

133

fAn ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Foreign Spirits, for Three Years, Duty on

EXCISE.j ending the 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 sprits!*

[ from the Old Duties.

EXCHEQUER PAYMENTS.

U m.

1792 -

Years ending 5th January^ 1793 -

1794 -

Old Duty.

£ s. d. 573,218 ——

679,497 — — 685,952 ——

Additional Duty 1791.

88,198

138,286

134,783

d.

361,267 ——

TOTAL.

I-

661,416 — 817,783 — 820,735 —

S. d;

2,299,934 ——

Excise Office,

London, 5th February 1794.

Jo* TVebb,

Accorop' Gen*.

G. J. Ckolmo W. Lowndes.

H Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

W. Jackson.

EXCISE ^'COUNT of the Net Amount of the Duty on Paper, for Three Years, ending Duty on ‘I 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year. Paper.

EXCHEQUER PAYMENTS.

1792 -

Years ended 5 th January

£ s. d.

- 66,505

- 69,927

- 72,153

£ 208,585

Excise Office, 1 London, ?

5th February 1794.]

Jet Webb,

Accomp* Gen*.

G. J. Cholmo TV. Lowndes.

H. Reveley.

T. Caswall.

R. Nicholas.

TV. Jackson.

Vol.49.

Mm

Ordered,

134 5° — 6° Februarii. . 1794.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Malt Bill Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to presented. Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- SuPPjj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deler House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Februarii;

I and Tax Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill present- Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by wl* a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Answer of Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re-General ceived, from Major General Abercromby, the following Abercromby Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified Thanks of to by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 19th Day of December in the last Session of Parliament:

Bombay, 1st May 1793.

Sir,

I have been honoured with your Letter of the 7th January last, accompanying Resolutions of the House of Commons, by One of which that House has been pleased to confer on me the greatest Honour that a British Subject can receive, namely, the Approbation of his Country.

Permit me, Sir, at the same Time, to offer you my warmest Acknowledgements for the very handsome and polite Manner in which you have had the Goodness to convey to me the Thanks of the House.

I have the Honour to be,

With the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient,

and very faithful Servant, Robert Abercromby.

The Right honourable Henry

Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, &c. &c. &c.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Account of Pr oduce of Taxes, referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Anno 340 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee; to whom Benjmn's the Bill for naturalizing George Benjoin was Nat- Bil* recommitted; That the Committee had examined the Al- Porte<1-legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Shelton In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common closure Bill and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and presented* Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Compton In-Lands and Grounds in the Common Fields of Little closure 1>e' Compton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to Utl00‘ the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the Estates of all Persons interested therein, if the said Lands were to be divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments thereof made to the Owners and other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the same, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Pitt and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Dukinfield Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable "d Loads Canal, from and out of the Canal Navigation from th"7eakFo-Manchester, to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, rest) Canal in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Bill prenent-Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinjidd, in the County of Cites- ®d* ter, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land Arnesby Inin the Open and Common Fields of Amesby, in the cj°8ure **" County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and btion' read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners 11 in

34 Geo. III. 6° .

135

in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their several Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Birchill suid The Earl Gower presented to the House, according to Huddlesford Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Scented* Carta! from the Wyrley and Essington Canal at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Plymouth A Petition of the Woolcombers of Plymouth, in the Woolcombers County of Devon,* was presented to the House, and 1 etition. read; Setting forth. That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they, and their Families, will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the

customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet. *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scot-Bank of Scotland, further to increase tire Capital Stock land Bill of the said Company, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Secretary Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; ^U^issued and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to in* pursuance their Order, of Act of last

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Session, made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Presented-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five " hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes " therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall " not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act,

" made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William " and Queen Mary, on Account of their advancing " Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the " Bank of England'''

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights; Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million " Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the " Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act, " made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on Account of their advancing " Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange, accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners of " His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of ."

T1IE Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1794.

John R.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Dunham in- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the closure Bill Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, committed. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

American Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Trade Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reporte . continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Vol. 49.

Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

136 6° Febmarii. A. 1794.

Report Ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means fot raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Raising a Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, huities^An* ^lat> towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Eleven Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner following, That is to say; That every Contributor to the said Eleven Millions shall, for every £. 1 oo contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of 100 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1794, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of £. 25 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum, to commence from the loth Day of October 1793, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum, which were consolidated by the Acts of the Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 4 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence per Centum, to commence from the 1 oth Day of October 1793, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of £. 100, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, and £. 25, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, in respect of every £. 100 to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Eleven Millions, which Annuity of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence per Centum, so. to continue for Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and a Half, and Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated, and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England: That the several Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, £. 4 per Centum, and Eleven Shillings and Five Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the nth Day of this Instant February, make a Deposit of £.10 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said NSum of Eleven Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned, that is to say;

£. \o per Centum on or before the 15th Day of April next;

£.\o per Centum on or before the 6th Day of June

next;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 18th Day of July next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 29th Day of August next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 17th Day of October next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 28th Day of No-

vember next;

15 per Centum on or before the 13th Day of January 1795:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eleven Millions, at any Time on or before the 27th Day of November next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 13th Day of January 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Applying That, towards making good the Supply granted to Money out of His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of p°^jolldaU^ Two Millions Six hundred and Ninety-seven thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund, from the 5th Day of April 1794 to the 5th Day of April 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, charging u> That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be charged for additional every Gallon of single Brandy which shall be imported Duty on into Great Britain. Bnu,d-V-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Brandy, above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An addjtiom>i That an additional Duty of Eight Pence be charged Duty on for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of Rum, &<= the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained ana provided in an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse.

Resolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged for every Gallon of Rum, Spirits,

or

34 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

137

Additional Duty on Spirits, 6cc,

Duties to be paid by the Importer*

An additional Duty on Wash.

of Aqua Vitae, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be charged for every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged for every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties on Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported into Great , be

paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny be charged for every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That an additional Duty of One Penny be charged for every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash '. or Liquor, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are.before-mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged for every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence be charged for every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Molasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption.

D* on D* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, produced by That an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Eight SirW.Bishop, pence Three Farthings be charged for every Ninety-six Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Argles Bishop, and George Bishop, of Maidstone, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Com, including the Bran thereof and not exceeding One hundred and Twelve Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties on the several Kinds of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Five Pence Half-penny be from* Scot- charged for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of

land. Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to

Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be charged for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not Vol. 49.

Duties to be paid by the Makers.

An additional Duty on Spi-

exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duties to be That the said additional Duties on Spirits, made or P3*1 the manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- ImPorter-land, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence Duty <m be charged for every Thousand of Bricks which shall Bncks-be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d° on Plain That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence Tiles, be charged for every Thousand of Plain Tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D* on Pan That an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence Tiles, be charged for every Thousand of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, w-nich shall be made in Great Britain, and so in ' Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D° on Paving That an additional Duty of Eleven Pence be charged Tiles, for every Hundred of Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence be charged for every Hundred of Paving Tiles, exceeding Ten Inches Square, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D# on other That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Tile8-Pence be charged for every Thousand of Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated or described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duties to be That the said additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles paid by the respectively be paid by the Makers thereof. Maker*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback on That a Drawback of the said several additional Duties Bricks and be allowed on all Bricks and Tiles respectively, which T*le3 export-shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Mer- ' chandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional That there be charged for and upon all Bricks imported Duty on into Great Britain, by whatsoever Name or Names they Bn<*f Im' now are or hereafter may be called or known, an act- P° ' ditional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D* on Plain That there be charged for and upon all Tiles imported into Great Britain, commonly called or known by the por Name of Plain Tiles (except Galley Tiles) an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D° on Pan That there be charged for and upon all Tiles imported into Great Britain, commonly called or known by the P°

Name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°on Paving That there be charged for and upon all Tiles imported into Great Britain, commonly called or known by die 1,01 Name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square, an additional Duty of Eleven Pence for every

N n One

An additional Duty on Paving Tiles imported.

D° on other Tiles imported.

A Duty on Slate carried Coastwise.

D° on Stone, Granite, or Marble.

Discontinuing the Duties on Paper, &c.

Charging a Duty on Paper.

138 6° Februari. . 1794.

One hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Tiles imported into Great Britain ,commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, exceeding Ten Inches Square, an additional Duty of One Shilling apd Ten Pence for every One hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Tiles imported into Great Britain, other than such as are before enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known (except Galley Tiles) an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Ton of Slate, of the Produce of Great Britain, which shall be shipped to be carried by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the same, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Ton of Stone, Granite, or Marble, of the Produce of Great Britain, whether for the Purpose of Building, Paving, or otherwise, which shall be shipped to be carried by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the same, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be charged for every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers, and all Cartridge Papers, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Duty of One Penny be charged for every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of coloured Papers and Whited Brown Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers) fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Duty of One Half-penny be charged for every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less- Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Duty of Two Pence Half-penny be charged for every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of every Sort or Kind of Paper not hereinbefore enumerated and described (and other than, and except Papers, commonly called and known by the Names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board) which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence be charged for every One hundred Pounds Weight, Avoirdupois, of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which shall he made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, respectively, made in Great Britain, be paid by the several Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the said several Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, :Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, be allowed on the Exportation thereof as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties of Customs now payable on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Pressing Paper (except Painted Paper and Paper Hangings for Rooms) imported into this Kingdom, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers, and all Cartridge Papers, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Coloured Papers and Whited Brown Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers) fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of all Brown Paper fit and Proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which snail be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kina of Paper, not hereinbefore enumerated and described, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper for Hangings, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty, Shillings be charged upon every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and upon every Hundred Weight of Glazed or Pressing Paper, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved,

A Duty on Pasteboard) &c.

Duties to be paid by the Makers.

Allowing a Drawback no Paper, &c. exported.

Discontinuing the Duties on Paper, &c. imported.

Charging a Duty on Paper imported.

An additional Duty on Paper for Hangings imported.

A Duty on Pasteboard, dec. imported.

An additional Duty on Books imported.

An additional Duty on Glass.

D* on Materials for making Glass.

Duties to be paid by the Makers.

Allowing a Drawback on Glass exported.

Allowing a Drawback on Glass.

34 Geo. III. 6° Febrtiarii.

139

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Pound Three Shillings and Four Pence be charged upon every Hundred Weight of Books, whether Bound or Unbound, which shall be imported into this .'Kingdom, either by the East India Company, or otherwise, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings per Hundred Weight be charged for all Cast Plate Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall be squared into Plates of a Superficies not less than One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-five Square Inches, and of a Thickness according to their Superficies, as mentioned and described in an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Glass " imported into Great Britain, and for altering the " Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain." .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings be charged for every Hundred' Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by 'what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain, in the making of Plate Glass (other than such Cast Plate Glass as aforesaid) or in the making of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Shillings and Three Farthings be charged for every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain, in the making of all Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise, manufactured and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several additional Duties on Cast Plate Glass, and on Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, so made Use of in the making of Glass as aforesaid, be paid by the Makers of such Cast Plate Glass and other Glass respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Pence Three Farthings shall be paid for and upon every Foot, Superficial Measure, of all Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other' Preparations, for which the said additional Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence be paid for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the said additional Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be paid for every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for which the said additional Duties in respect thereof shall have Vol. 49.

been paid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Anadditional That an additional Duty of Eight Pence Three Farthings Dut>' on be charged for every Square Foot, Superficial Measure, 1343

of French Plate Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That- it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged for every Hundred Weight of French Flint Glass, or French Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or French Phial Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater Or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged for every Hundred Weight of French Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed, or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Anadditional That an additional Duty of Fourteen Shillings be Glass charged for every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass, imported, and all other Glass Manufactures, not hereinbefore particularly enumerated or described (and not being Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, nor Bottles, other than Phials) which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duties to be That the said several Duties upon Glass imported be P**1 by paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing mPorter* thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Duty on That, for and upon every Piece of Vellum or clerkf< l.° Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon c^rtsat ° which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Westminster. Contract entered into, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk to any Solicitor or Attorney in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, there shall be charged a Stamp-Duty of One hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Duty on That, for and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parch- the Admis-ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall °g ^l'the be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Admittance, or Courts at Instrument of admitting, of any Solicitor or Attorney Westminster, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, who shall not have been bound to serve as a Clerk thereto, under some Contract in Writing duly stamped as aforesaid, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Duty on That, for and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Clerks to or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in- Countiy*m grossed, printed, or written, any Contract entered into, Courts, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk to any Solicitor or Attorney admitted in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in any Court of Record in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to Forty Shillings, not before enumerated, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, a Duty on That, for and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parch- the Admis-ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Admittance, or Instrument of admitting, of any Solicitor or Attorney, in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in any of the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court of

140 6° Februarii. . 1794.

of Record in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to Forty Shillings, who shall not have been bound to serve as a Clerk thereto under some Contract in writing duly stamped as aforesaid, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds.

Making per* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, petual Duties That the additional Duties upon Foreign Spirits im-SpiriuTm- Port®d into Great Britain, charged by an Act made in ported. the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and continued by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be made perpetual.

D* on Sugar. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Duties on Sugars, charged by an Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be made perpetual.

D* Draw- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, backs on D#. That the several Drawbacks on Sugars, allowed by the said Act, be made perpetual.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mutiny Bill, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-presented. cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Malt Bill A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty committed, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Ser- BUI com-vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and mitted-Ninety-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be commi.ted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Papers re-Command, kting to tb«

A Paper, intituled, "31st January 1794 — Master ^^dpre'

" of the Mint — with Account of Expences of the " Mint in the Year 1793And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of the Earl of " Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint,

" within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him " had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of " Exchequer, and elsewhere, for the Service of the " said Mint, in the Year 1793; also of all Monies by " him paid, and Charges incurred ou the said Service,

" within the Time of this AccountAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " 5th February 1794 — Officers " of the Mint Repcrt on Account of Expences of the " Mint in the Year 1793."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

31st January 1794. — Master of the Mint — with Account of Expences of the Mint in the Year 1793-

Sir,

I beg to inclose my Account for the Year 1793, and to desire you will please to lay it before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury: And having already received all the Monies their Lordships are authorized to issue to the Mint for the Service of that Year, I must submit to their Lordships the Means they may see fit for paying the Balance of Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Forty-foUr Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, that appears due thereon; which, I presume, will be done by Vote of Parliament.

I am,

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

Leicester.

George Rose, Esq*.

Mint Office, "1 31st January 1794. J

The

34 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

141

The ACCOUNT of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower P»pers of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and Jhe Mnu*

elsewhere, for the Service of the said Mint, in the Year 1793; also of all Monies by him paid, and Charges incurred on the said Service, within the Time of this Account.

CHARGE:

This Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, on the Times under-mentioned, as appears by Imprest Rolls.

1793:

April 20. Received by Warrant, dated 12th Instant, granted for Lady

Day Quarter.....-

July 17. Received by Warrant, dated 15th Instant, granted for Midsummer Quarter - -

October 31. Received by Warrant, dated 28th Instant, granted for Michaelmas Quarter Received 17th January 1794, by Warrant dated, 13th Instant, granted for Christmas Quarter -

£. d.

3,4 50 ——

3.450 ——

3.450 ——

3.450 ——

£ S. d.

13,800 —

DISCHARGE:

The said Accountant is discharged by Monies paid and due to him, and for Charges incurred within the Time of this Account, as follows:

To him the Balance on his Account ending 31st December 1792, delivered to the Auditors ——

To him his own salary -

For Three Clerks -

For an Assayer - .

For a Fireman to his Assayer For a Purveyor -

For an Office Keeper '-{To Lewis Pingo, Esquire, Chief Graver - Mr. John Pingo, Assistant Graver Mr. John Milton, Probationer under Chief Graver ——

Mr. Elias Walter, Smith Assistant to Gravers Mr. Dan1 Kemp, Provost of the Moneyers - Mr. J ohn Chambers, Surveyor of Money Presses

More to him -

To Stanesby Alchorne, Esquire Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet William Dick, Esquire -

V

Urn

3

a

<D

S

For One whole Year

= 11

CS £

40 ——

10 —

Allowance by Indenture of the Mint to this Accountant, for Waste and Charges in coining the following Quantity and Species of Monies:

P f 50,460 Pounds Weight into Guineas - at 6s. 8 per lb.

° 1 8,340 Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, at 101 per lb.

Monies put into the Pix, from the Coinage in this Year, by Tale -Fees and Annual Allowances paid and payable for the Year 1793, as by Bill of Particulars ....

Paying the Charges necessarily incurred in the Year 1793, for the Service of the Mint, to the Persons under-named, for the Particulars expressed in their Bills.

Mr. Augustus Browne - - Refiner

Messrs. John Young and Son - - Charcoal Men -

Mr. John Hester ----- -- D®

Mr. John Jones ----- - Sea Coal -

Stanesby Alchorne, Esquire - - for the Assay Offices -

Mr. James Morrison - - Purveyor -

More to him on his Bill for fine Copper for Allay

1,629 9 —

VOL. 49.

Oo

1,765 ——

20,156 8 9 3,824 2 —

464 3 6

142

6° Februarii,

A. 1794.

Papers relat- Payment of the Bills of the Artificers under-named, for Materials found, ing to the and Works performed by them in the Year 1793, to the Offices and Mint. Buildings used for Coinage.

Mr Jordan

Holland -

Holland

Blutherwick

Jordan

Coventry -

Dennis

Walter

Cooper

Marbro

Fenton

Mason -Carpenter Bricklayer Furnace Builder Plumber Painter -Glazier -Smith Millwright Pavior -Slater -

Imprested to Sir Robert Pigot, Bart. Warden of His Majesty's Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture of the Mint, for One whole Year - -

Imprested more to him, for paying incidental Charges and Allowances, and for the Part of the Diet, payable by the Warden, as by said Indenture ——

Imprested more to him, for paying several Artificers Bills, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Year 1793, to Dwelling Houses and Buildings ——

£. t. d.

— 13 — 123 2 — 46 16 —

68 3 —

12 10 — 28 18 —

50 14 — 115 7 — 6 8 — 1 15 —

9 12 —

1,800 — — 545 1 9

449 16 —

d.

463 18 —

Imprested more to him, for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and to discharge the Salary of the Person employed therein, for a Year, ending 31st December 1793....

599

Total Discharge Total Charge - -

Balance due on this Account

8 —

3,394 5 9

32,644 12 4

13,800

£ 18,844 12 4

Leicester.

5th February 1794. — OFFICERS of the Mint Report on Account of Expences of the Mint,

in the Year 1793.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference of the 4th Instant, directing us to examine the Account of the Earl of Leicester, as Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1793, and to return the same, with our Observations thereupon;

We beg Leave to report, That, having compared the several Particulars of Charge and Discharge in the said Account with Vouchers and other Documents in this Office of the Expence incurred in that Year, we find them to agree, and the Account to be truly stated; and that the Balance of Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Forty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, as expressed at the Foot of the Account, appears to be due to his Lordship; but the Means for paying it must be submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom.

We are,

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships

most obedient, and

most humble Servants,

Mint Office, Editf1 , Depr Ward*.

5th February 1794. John , Depr Comp'.

Ordered,

34 Geo. III.

6° — 7° Fe.

143

Glove Tax Act to be considered.

Instruction to consider Acts for granting a Duty on Registry of Burials, &c.

Bill for preventing French Property being applied to the Use of the French Government, committed.

House resolves to adjourn.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons " vending Gloves or Mittens, and also certain Duties " on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials,

" Marriages, Births, and Christenings," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Provisions " of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, " Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of ,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do also consider of the said Acts.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or dis-poseable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Wilberforce have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 7° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1794. Prayers.

Crawley and A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Bishop. Sut- A Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proton Inclowire prietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise inte- ~ rested in the Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parishes of Crawley, Vol. 49.

Petition.

and Bishops Sutton, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields, Woods, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Fields, Woods, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That leave may be oven to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields,

Woods, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Broughton thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors |>nc!°.sure of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common miUon' Field and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open Common Field and Waste Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Owners and other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Field and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

‘pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Maze's Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Maze: And the Bill, presame was received; and read the First Time. sented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Norwich the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Aylsham Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of the County of Roads Pe-Norfolk, and City of Norwich; and also, the Petition r®' of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of P011 Norfolk, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with in respect to the First-mentioned Petition; but that no Notices were given for repairing the Piece of Road described in the Second-mentioned Petition, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament to repair the said Road until it was too late to

five the Notices within the Time required by the said tanding Orders; but that the said Piece of Road is only about Three Miles in Length, and it is not proposed to erect any Turnpike or take any Toll thereon; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Adey being examined, said, That the Roads described in the Petition, leading from the City of Norwich to the Town of Aylsham, are ruinous, and in many Places heavy, sandy, narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be very advantageous to the Public, if the said Roads were put into good and sufficient Repair, which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

And,

144

7° Februarii.

A. 1794.

And, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the Witness said, That the Branch of Road described in the Petition, is Part of the Road between the Town of Holt and the City of Norwich, and is only Three Miles in Length, or thereabouts, and communicates with the Road between Aylsham and Norwich, within about the Distance of Two Miles from the said City: — That the said Road is very incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that in case the intended Bill should pass into a Law, and no Provision be made therein for Relief of Travellers between Holt and the said City, they would be liable to pay Toll for only passing about Two Miles upon the intended Turnpike Road, which would be a very great Hardship upon such Travellers.

That several Public Meetings of the Gentlemen who are desirous of applying to Parliament for Power to amend the Road between the said City and the Town of Aylsham, were holden, to consider of a Bill for that Purpose, which should be the least burthensome to the Country; and at the last of such Meetings, it was unanimously resolved, That for the Relief of all Persons passing upon the said Branch of Road leading towards the said Town of Part of the said Road, for the Distance of about Three Miles, should be amended out of the Tolls to arise upon the Road between Norwich and Aylsham, and that no Turnpike should be erected, or any Toll taken, upon that Branch of Road.

And the Witness added, That all the principal Owners of Estates lying on each Side of the Road, and the Lord and Lady of the Manor of the Heath, upon which Part of the same leads, have been apprized of the Intention to include this Piece of Road in the intended Bill, and the greatest Part of them have consented thereto.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Warwick and Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-Braunston ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbroolce, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The amend the Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the House, Braunston and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the

Cans^Act *ast Session of Parliament, the Petitioners were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames 8t or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, and they are now proceeding to make the said Canal, agreeable to the Powers vested in them by the said Act, but find that some Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately made, it appears practicable to make certain Navigable Cuts from the several Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, and also from the Town of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, to join and communicate with the said Canal and Collateral Cuts,

Canal Bill presented.

or some of them; and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cuts as aforesaid, together with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, would afford the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Places, lying near the intended Cuts, a much more regular and better Supply of Coals, Merchandize,

Corn, and Manure, and various other Articles, and at a much less Expence than at present, and would in other Respects be of Public Utility; and the Petitioners are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said several Navigable Cuts, in case they shall be authorized so to do by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to amend the said Act, and for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cuts, together with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the' said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Loveden, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday10

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Tiverton Assistants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, who have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said Towm and Parish of Tiverton, and others, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Streets and Avenues, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the said Town of Tiverton, are ill-paved, unsafe, and dangerous, and are greatly incumbered by various Encroachments and Buildings, and obstructed and annoyed by Spouts and Gutters, by Means whereof they are also rendered very incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous, not ‘only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but to all others resorting thereto; and that, if proper Powers were given to pave, and otherwise improve the said Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages, and to remove and prevent all Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, Safety, and Emolument of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and others resorting thereto, and also would be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Praed, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

r

A Petition of the Woolcombers in and near the Tiverton Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented '' °°|conibere to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the In- e on' vention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families

Petition in favour of Sowerby Bridge and Castle Field Canal Bill.

Skelton Inclosure Petition.

Clayton-le-Moore Inclo-Kire Petition.

34 Geo. III. 7 ° Ftbrua 145

lies will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Leave to cut and maintain a Navigable Canal from or near Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, Deyne-head, Littleb Rochdale, derlon, and Failsworth, to communicate with the Canal

of the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County of Lancaster, with several Branches therefrom: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon Fee Manor and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, certain Open Common Fields, and Ings, and certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their

?resent Situation, are incapable of any considerable mprovement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest Advantage to the said several Persons, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates, and also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that . Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Pelre, James Whalley, Esquire, Richard Grimshaw

Lomax, Esquire, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Township of Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor or Township of Clayton-le- Moors aforesaid, divers Par-

eels of Common and Waste Grounds, amounting together to Four hundred Acres or thereabouts, which now lie open, uninclosed, and uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of very great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as a great Part thereof may be converted into Ploughing and Meadow Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Common and Waste Grounds in Clay ton-le-Moors aforesaid inclosed, divided, and allotted, by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, Vol. 49.

unto and among the Petitioners, and the rest of the Land Owners in Clay ton-le-Moors aforesaid, who have Right of Common thereon respectively, in Proportion to their Inlands, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Randyll Burch and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Petition in the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of ^vo".^tf.^e Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; to extendth* Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill Lancaster is depending in the House, for making and maintain- Canal Navi-ing a Navigable Canal from the Lancaster Canal Na- gaUon" vigation, in the Towmship of Aspul, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation of the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Township of Worsley, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County: And praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Yarn Account of all the Linen Yam imported at Leith, u^rtedat. Newcastle, Stockton, Hull, and London, in the last Three Leith, &c. Years, distinguishing each Year. ordered.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Queenbo-the Clerk of the Crown, to mpke out a new Writ for rougl1 'Vrit* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, in the room of Augustus Rogers, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to pre- Committee pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath- "j^re Making of the Militia, for the Year 1794: tit Estimate.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en- Expiring quire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to L^ws Com-report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or conti- 1,0111 nued:

And a Committee wfas appointed of Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Foreign Spi-Order, a Bill for making perpetual certain Duties on rits and Sugar Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great ~^"C[| Britain: And the same was received; and read the v First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Distillery ad-Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- ditio"^ Du‘ ditional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Li- pre"

quors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Foreign Spi-Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- BUI*1*1 ditional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into present*d.

P p Great

Indemnity Bill ordered.

American Trade Bill passed.

Committee on Land Tax Bill.

146 7° FebruarA. 1794.

Great Britain: And the same was receivedand read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce, carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defeire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1792, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1794-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the Relief of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, with respect to the Payment of a Double Rate.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have PowTer to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1794, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1792, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1794.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on ". Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves " or Mittens, and also certain Duties on Gloves and " Mittens sold by Retail," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on. for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Ryder, *

Tellers for the Yeas, \ Mr Ju- I 63.

*- nior: J

Teller, for the Noe, { } 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill x for

Committee on Malt Bill.

Committee on GioveTajc Act deferred*

Committee on Motion for Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Fo* reign Territories with Slaves.

reported.

Bill ordered

Mutiny fell committed.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Arcount, See. of African Company presented.

Petition to amend the Brau nston and Brentford Canal Act reported.

34 Geo. III.

7° — 10° F

147

for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Far, and Mr. Whitbread, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 10° die Februarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III"' Regis, 1794. Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1792 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1792 — Orders and Regulations"

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bilk, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join Vol. 49.

the River Thames, at or near Brentfin the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read: And,

William Jessop, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioners are now proceeding to make the said Canal, agreeable to the Powers vested in them by the said Act.

That by Levels and Surveys, lately made, it appears practicable to make certain Navigable Cuts from the several Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and dover, in the County of Buckingham, and also from the Town of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, to join and communicate with the said Grand Junction Canal and Collateral Cuts, or some of them.

And the Witness further said, That the making and maintaining such Navigable Cuts as aforesaid, together with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, would afford the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Places, lying near the intended Cuts, a much, more regular and better Supply of Coals, Merchandize,

Corn, and Manure, and various other Articles, and at a much less Expence than at present, and that the making the said Cuts would, in other Respects, be of Public Utility.

Acton Chaplin, Esquire, One of the principal Agents to the said Grand Junction Company, being examined, said, That the said Company are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said several Navigable Cuts: And he added, That it is expedient there should be One separate Bill for the intended Cuts from Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, and

another separate Bill for the intended Cut from the Town of Saint Alban: — And the Witness further said.

That the said Act is in some Respects defective, and requires to be altered and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act:

And that Mr. Praed and Sir William Young do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Town of Saint Alban to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation at Watford, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr.

Praed and Sir William Young do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bill to extend upon Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon the Manche*-Wednesday next, the Bill for making and maintaining Bury C&-a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and naj to Bladen Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place and Red called Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, by Roch- ^J88*defer' dale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near to Sladen; and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Alanchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Bluckrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the County of Devon; «nd Devon: And also, Jj?1ntion;.

A Petition of the Woolcombers residing and being in pe^on the City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners

148

Shelton Iih closure Bill committed.

Benjoin s Nat. Bill

passed*

Birchill and Huddlesford Canal Bill committed.

Hull Docks Petition.

109 Febniarii. A. 1794.

titioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable I^ands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Earl of Upper Ossory, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Benjoin.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Wyrley and Essington Canal at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Gower, Sir George Jackson, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

pie to provide at all Times, and carry into Effect, the Increase of Room necessary for the Improvement of the Public Revenue, and for the Benefit of Commerce, according to the Intention of the said Act, by which the Dock Comply is established, therefore, if the said Company were authorized and allowed to receive out of the said Revenue such limited Interest or Dividend upon the Whole of their Money expended, as Parliament may think right and proper, during the Time, and until the necessary Increase of Room be provided for the increased and increasing Trade and Shipping of the said Port, and the Surplus of the said Dock and Quay Revenue granted for this Use, together with the Land given by His Majesty for this and no other Purpose, were applied to make. Room by extending the said Dock, together with Conveniencies necessary for Shipping and Trade, the Petitioners conceive the Purpose ana Intention of the said Act would be carried into Effect, and would be of the utmost Advantage to the Public Revenue, and to Navigation, Commerce, and Manufacture, at the said Port, and in the Northern Part of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or for such Purposes as the House shall deem proper for the Extension and Regulation of the said Dock and Quay, to provide thereby for the Security and Improvement of the Public Revenue, Trade, Commerce, and Navigation, at the Port of Hull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Corporation of Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, of the Corporation Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their respective Common Seals, and of the there-undersigned Merchants, Ship Owners, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or " Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for " the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or Dock, with " Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for " the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port, " and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to " His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of " Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said " Port for those Purposes, and for establishing other u necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of " Kingston upon Hull," a public Quay has been established at the said Port of Hull, together with a Dock sufficient for accommodating the Trade and Shipping of the said Port at that Time, but the great Increase of Trade and Shipping, which has since taken place there, has occasioned the said Dock to be greatly insufficient for the present Trade of the Port, and the Want of Room now restrains the Public Revenue, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port, which otherwise are in a State of progressive Improvement, and further Accommodation for the Shipping is absolutely necessary to be provided for the Relief of Trade and Commerce, as well as the Advancement of His Majesty's Revenue; and that the Revenue arising from the Dock and Quay Duties being abundantly am-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition fat thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town addition to of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was presented to Abingdon the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- avu, S> tioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for an Act to pave the Footways in the said Town, and for otherwise improving the same; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the said Town, if Powers were given for establishing a Nightly Watch within the same: And there- , fore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as" it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham be added to the Gen- Member ad* tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ded to biinj a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the J"

Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre, James cio«ure jjm. Whalley, Esquire, Richard Grimshaw Lomax, Esquire, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom Petition to the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the extend the Lancaster Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- gation re

ing ported.

hU

34 Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 149

ing Orders of -the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near B to or near War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was read; w'hereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were united into a Company for the Purpose of making a Canal, to be called The Lancaster Canal, and in order to carry so useful an Undertaking into Execution, they were empowered to raise the several Sums of Money mentioned in the Act. — Then,

Another Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to alter and amend the above-mentioned Act, was also read; by which it appeared, that the said Company were empowered to make and maintain a certain other Navigable Branch from the said Lancaster Canal, commencing at or near Galgate, through the several Townships of Ellel and to be continued to, and communicate with, the Dock at Glassoti, within the Port of LancasterAnd,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer and Surveyor, being examined, said, That the said Lancaster Canal Navigation hath been proceeded in with great Expedition. — He further said. That, by a Survey he hath taken, it appears that an Extension of the said Navigation may be made from the said Lancaster Canal, in the Township of Aspul, in the Parish of- Wigan, to join and communicate with the Duke of Bridgewater's, Canal, in the Township of Worsley, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; which said Extension, by passing through the several Townships and Parishes mentioned in the Petition, will not only be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons having Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, but also to the Public in general; as it will not only open an easy, safe, and commodious Communication through a populous and trading Country, but also will unite the whole Lancaster Canal Navigation, and the several Branches thereof, rich in Coals, Cannel, and Limestone, with most of the Canal Navigations now made or making in the more Southern Parts of the Kingdom.

And being further examined, he said, That if a short Deviation of the Line of the Canal which is yet unfinished, w'as made from or near a Place called Cabus Nook, to communicate with the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, in the Township of Barnacre with Bonds, it would facilitate the making of the said Canal Navigation, and save a very considerable Expence, and would otherwise be of Public Advantage. — And the Witness further said, That in order to make the said Extension and Deviation, and to complete the said Lancaster Canal and Branches, it ma^ become necessary that the Company be empowered to borrow and take up at Interest a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation. — And he added, That the said Acts are in many Respects defective, and will require to be amended and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to extend such Navigation, by making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said VoL. 49.

Lancaster Canal Navigation, at or near a certain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewatei', in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Dent and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilbraham presented to the House, according Clayton-Ie-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Moore Inclo-mon and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Town- 8ur® ®,uPre* ship of Clayton-le-Moors, within the Parish of sen *'

in the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing cer- Chappie Al-tain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and lerton, &c. being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Bid- 3^*^ disham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Love-den, Mr. Francis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes, for Broduce One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1794, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Malt Bill Committee of the whole Houpe, to whom the Bill for reported-continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making perpetual certain Duties on Fo- Foreign Spi-reign Spirits, and on Sugar imported into Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Q q A Bill

gar Duties Bill committed.

Distillery additional Duties Bill committed.

Foreign Spirits additional Duties Bill committed.

Glass additional Duties Bill presented.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill presented.

Committee on Glove Tax Act.

Accounts referred.

\ Marine Mutiny Bill committed.

150 10° Februarii. A. 1794.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, made in; or imported into, Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Tw'enty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves " or Mittens, and also certain Duties on Gloves and " Mittens sold by Retail," be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Gloves, for Three Years, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer of the Duty on Burials, &c. for Three Years, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of John Arkley, John Satchell, and William Thornton, Assignees of the Estate and Effects of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Bankrupts, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That a Commission of Bankrupt was, on the 6tn Day of February 1790, awarded against Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, of Devonshire Square, Bishopgate Street, London, Warehousemen, Dealers, Chapmen, and Co-partners, under which they were found and declared Bankrupts, and the Petitioners were chosen Assignees of their Estate and Effects; and that, at the Time of the issuing of the said Commission of Bankrupt, there was due from Matthias de Gan-dasequi to the said Joseph Freeman, for Principal and Interest, on a Mortgage bearing Date the 15th Day of January 1789, of certain Premisses in or near Saint James's Square, in the County of Middlesex, the Sum of £. 13,700, and upwards; and that such Premisses were subject to a prior Mortgage, bearing Date the 26th Day of October 1785, for securing the Sum of £. 3,500, and Interest, to John Wilmot, Esquire, who, in order to recover the Money due to him upon such ‘prior Mortgage, filed a Bill of Foreclosure against the said Joseph Freeman and Matthias de Gandasequi in the Court of Chancery, to which Suit the Petitioners, as Assignees as aforesaid, were made Parties; and that an Account of the Principal, Interest, and Costs, due to the said John Wilmot, w-as directed to be taken in the said Suit, by one of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, and in pursuance thereof the said Master, on the 7th Day of May 1792, certified that there would be due to the said John Wilmot, for Principal, Interest, and for Costs, on the 2 2d Day of the said Month of May, the Sum of £.4,676. 165. yd.; and that the Petitioners, on the 14th Day of June 1792, with the Money in their Hands, as such Assignees, and other Money advanced by other Persons, Creditors of the said Bankrupts, paid the said Sum of £. 4,676. so due

to the said John Wilmot, and thereupon the said John Wilmot conveyed all his Interest in the said mortgaged Premisses to John Wilkinson, Esquire, a Trustee named by and on the Part of the Petitioners, and the said other Persons who advanced Money for the Purpose of making up the said last mentioned Sum, and the legal Estate of and in the same Premisses now remains vested in the said John Wilkinson as such Trustee: That the Petitioners were induced to pay off the said Sum of £. 4,676. 16 s.yd. so due to the said John Wilmot, from a Belief that they, as Assignees as aforesaid, w'ere Second Mortgagees of the said Mortgaged Premisses, and that the said Mortgaged Premisses might be sold, and that the Surplus which should remain of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, after deducting the said Sum of £.4,676. 16$. yd. would be thereby secured for the Benefit of the Creditors of the said Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, and accordingly the Petitioners caused the said Premisses to be put up to Sale, and the Sum of £9,817. 10 s. being bid for the same, and no higher Sum being offered, the Party bidding that Sum was declared the Purchaser; and that the said Matthias de Gandasequi is an Alien born, and as, by the Law of this Realm, an Alien cannot purchase Lands for his own Benefit, but takes them for the Benefit of the Crown, the Purchaser of the said Premisses has refused to complete his Purchase thereof: That there is now due, from the said Matthias de Gandasequi to the Petitioners, as Assignees as aforesaid, upon the said Mortgage so made to the said Joseph Freeman, the Sum of £. 15,000, and upwards, besiaes 1 the

Petition from the Assignee! of Messrs. Freeman and Grace.

Winchelsea

Writ-

Committee

on Mutiny Bill

Address for Articles by which the Hanoverian Troops are employed.

34 Geo. III. 10° — 11 ° F 151

the said Sum of £.4,676. 1 7 for the Principal,

Interest, and Costs, paid to the said John Wilmot; and that the Money advanced and lent by the said Joseph Freeman to the said Matthias de was ad-

vanced and lent upon the Credit of the said mortgaged Premisses, and upon the Belief that the same were effectually conveyed to, or vested in, the said Joseph Freeman; and that, by Reason of the Alienage of the said Matthias de Gandasequi, the Estate and Interest of and in the said mortgaged Premisses, which was supposed to have vested in him, and which was intended to have been conveyed to the said Joseph belongs to the Crown: That the said Matthias de Gandasequi is now confined in the Fleet Prison for Debt, and the Petitioners have no other Security for the said Debt, due to them as aforesaid, than the Charge upon the before-mentioned Premisses, by virtue of the before-stated Security; and that the Debts, owing by the said Joseph Freerrtan and Thomas Grace, amount to the Sum of £. 20,000, and upwards, and the Equity of Redemption of the said mortgaged Premisses, is the principal Part of the Property to satisfy the same, and, unless such Equity of Redemption can be sold for the Discharge of such Debts, the Petitioners, and the other lawful Creditors of the said Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, must inevitably be great Sufferers thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Premisses, and for the Application of the Money to arise thereby in the Discharge of the IncumblranceS and Debts affecting the same, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House*shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Articles according to which His Majesty has been pleased to order a Part of His Electoral Vol. 49.

Troops to be employed in the Service of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Question posed, That employing Foreigners in any Situation of previousNeg. Military Trust, or bringing Foreign Troops into the respecting Kingdom, without the Consent of Parliament first had in

and obtained, is contrary to Law; any Situation

The House was moved, That His Majesty's rqost of Military Gracious Message to this House, of the 27th Day of Trust, &c. January last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of January 1784, of His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the previous Question being put, That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yea,{ . } 35-

Tellers for the Noes,|^‘ ^Yorks^}*84'

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill for preventing French Property being applied to the \j8eof the French Government deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MartiSj 11° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

A ME$ MAZE took the Oaths appointed, in Maze sworn. J order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose'Names are Pilton and thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and North Wot-read; Setting forth, That there are certain Moors, pentj|i"„osure called Queen or Little Sedgmoor, and Little Moor, and other Waste Lands, lying in the Parishes of PiUon and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset, also a Hill, called Knowle Hill, in West Compton, and Hill

both in the Parish of Pilton aforesaid; and that the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, as they now lie waste and uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses, are of very little Advantage to the Proprietors thereof,

152 11° Februarii. A. 1794.

and it would not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein, but of general Utility, if the same were properly divided and inclosed; and that the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be assigned and allotted to each of them, according, and in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Msfnner, and subject to such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Cox and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Mare Nat. A Bill for naturalizing James Maze, was read a

Bill com- Second Time.

mitte ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Burford in- A Petition of John Esquire, Lord of the

Pe* Manors of Burford and Bury Barns, in the County of Oxford, and principal Proprietor of Lands within the same Manors, and within the Hamlets of Signet and Upton, in the said Parish of Burford, the Reverend Robert Clarke Caswall, Clerk, Lessee of the Great Tythes, and Proprietor of Lands, within the same Manors, Parish, and Hamlets, the Honourable and Reverend Francis Knollis, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish of Burford, and the several other Owners arid Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the Manors of Burford and Bury Barns aforesaid, and in the Parish of Burford and Hamlets of Signet and Upton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors, Parish of Burford, and Hamlet of Signet, several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, called Signet and Burford Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Condition, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of Advantage to all Parties interested therein; and that the Lands within the Hamlet of Upton aforesaid, being now subject to Tythes, it would be also of Advantage to all Parties interested in the said last mentioned Lands, if the same were exonerated from Tythes, and Lands allotted, within the said Fields of Signet and Burford, in Lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, called Signet and Burford Fields, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interest in the same, and also for exonerating the Lands within the Hamlet of Upton aforesaid from tythes, and for allotting Lands within the said Fields of Signet and Burford in Lieu thereof, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Brassey Halhed and Mr. FrancisAnnesley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

gainst the Coventry Canal Navigation was presented to the House, BraunsUHi an<* reac* > Taking Notice of the Bill for making and Canal Bill, maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the

Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made and completed their said Canal, and have expended therein near the Sum of £. 100,000, by Means of which, and the Birmingham and Fazeley and Oxford Canals, already completed, and the Grand Junction Canal, when completed, there will be an easy and advantageous Navigable Conveyance for Iron and other Goods between the City of London and the Town of Birmingham; and that, should the said intended Bill pass into a Law, the Profits arising from the said Coventry Canal will be greatly diminished, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and the making the Canal proposed by the said Bill will, as the Petitioners conceive, be of no material Benefit or Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- Petition alty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, favour of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, So®erhy That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill CMtHf Field is depending for Leave to cut and maintain a Navi- Canal Bill, gable Canal from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, by Way of Tod Deyne-head, Littleborough, Rochdale, Chadderton, and Failsworth, to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridge-water, at or near Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County of Lancaster, with several Branches therefrom: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Town and Honiton Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was pre- Woolcombm sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, PetitioB-by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour in an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping,

That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the thereunder mentioned Persons, Swansea Ca-Proprietors of Lands in the Counties of Glamorgan nal Petition and Brecon, as well as others, most of whom are interested in the Trade and Commerce of the Port of Swansea, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are vast Quantities of Iron Ore, Ironstone, Coal, and Limestone, in the Vale of Tawe and Country adjoining, at present unworked, or worked in ' but small Quantities, from a Want of Water Carriage therefrom to any Port, and also, that a corisiderable Part of the Country adjoining remains in a very uncultivated State, for Defect of such Mode of conveying such

Limestone,

Petition in favour of Swansea Canal.

34 Geo. III. 11° Febmani. 153

Limestone, and other Manure, and dome Iron and OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the other Works are now carried on therein, which may Table, be greatly enlarged, and many more may be established,

to the great Benefit of that and the adjoining Coun- Or, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

ties, and the Town of Swansea, and will very consi- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1 Marine

derably add to the Trade and Commerce of the said upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Ma- Mutiny

Port, and the National Wealth; and that the making rine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

and maintaining of a Navigable Canal, or Naviga- And the said Order being read accordingly;

tion, from or near a Place called Hen noyadd, within The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

through the said Parish of Ystradgunlais, the Parishes Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

of Languick, Killibebill, Cadoxton ,near Neath, Llange- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

felach, Lamsamlet, and Saint John, near Swansea, to or Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That

near a certain Place, called The Brewery, in the Pa- they had gone through the Bill, and made several

rish of Saint Mary in Swansea, otherwise Swansea, to- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

gether with Navigable Cuts, inclined Planes, Rail- to report, when the House will please to receive the

ways, Waggon Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, same.

through such last mentioned Parishes, to communi- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow cate with the Canal, will be an Object of great Public Morning.

Utility, by supplying the Defect of Water Carriage

before-mentioned, ana will be the Means of enabling Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny B such Mines of Iron Ore, Ironstone, Coal, and Lime* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, stone, being worked, and of Limestone and other punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay-Manure being conveyed to cultivate the before-men- ment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, tioned Line of Country, at present so indifferently the Amendments which the Committee had made to cultivated, and also for the Purpose of conveying the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to other Materials, Produce, Goods, Wares, and Mer- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and chandize, thereon, and all other Commodities what- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in soever; and that several Meetings of the Proprietors at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were of Lands in the said Counties, of the Members of the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Corporation of Swansea, and of Persons interested in by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-the Trade and Commerce of Swansea, have been held upon, were agreed to by the House, at the Town Hall at Swansea, pursuant to Public Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Advertisements, to take into Consideration the Propriety ingrossed. of applying to Parliament for Powers to make such

Canal, with corresponding Cuts and Railways, Roads, An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to Malt Bill and other Conveniencies, who unanimously approved His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, pwsed.-of such Measure; and that the Petitioners are desirous, Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand at their own Expences, to make and maintain such Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read the Third Canal or Navigation, with corresponding Cuts and Time.

Railways, Roads, and other Conveniencies: And there- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty Bill, giving such Powers and Authorities in this respect, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, as to the House shall seem meet. for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the wfo Ninety-four.

Consideration of a Oommitiee: And that they do ex- Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Lords, and desire their Concurrence. phall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, The Marquis An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma- Land Tax of Worcester,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow jesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Bill passed.

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and and Ninety-four, was read the Third Time.

Records. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-Inhabitants, of the Town of Swansea, was presented vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Ninety-four.

Meetings of the Corporation, the Inhabitants, Pro- Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the prietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of Lands in the County, Lords, and desire their Concurrence, have been held at the Guildhall in the said Town pursuant to Public Advertisement, for the Purpose of Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on taking into Consideration the Propriety of applying Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Glove Tax, to Parliament for Powers for making and maintain- ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth &c‘ Acts-ing a Navigable Cut and Canal from or near a Place Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-called Hen noyadd, in the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain the County of Brecon, to or near the said Town, being " Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons nearly the whole Extent of the Vale of Tawey, in " vending Gloves or Mittens, and also certain Du-and near which certain Coal and other Mines and " ties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail;" and Minerals lie, when it was unanimously agreed to pe- who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the tition Parliament for such Powers, and an adequate Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Subscription was entered into for that Purpose; and jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the Petitioners conceive that the obtaining such Powers " a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Mar-will be attended with very considerable Advantages: " riages, Births, and Christenings," and also, of an

And therefore praying, That the Bill for enabling the Act, made i.n the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Subscribers to make and maintain such Canal, may His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend pass into a Law, "the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-

Vqi,49. Hr third

Glass additional Duties Bill committed.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill committed.

Answer of Marquis Cornwallis to Vote of Thanks.

154 11° Febnia . 1794.

" third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for " granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church " of England," the Resolutions which the Committee

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and aftewards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings, do cease and determine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received, from the most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 19th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament:

Sir,

I had the Honour to receive your Letter, dated the 9th of January 1793, a few Days before I embarked <for Europe; and I lost no Time in publishing to the whole Army, at the Three Presidencies, the Testimony of High Approbation which the House of Commons have expressed, in the Resolutions that you inclosed to me, of the Conduct and Exertions of the European and Native Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, who served under my Command in the Field during the late War in India.

Being sensible that the favourable Opinion of the Representatives of the Commons of Great Britain, reflects the most distinguished Honour upon any British Subject, I request that you will assure the House, that the flattering Manner in which they have been pl< jased to declare their Approbation of my own Conduct during that War, has impressed me with tl*.e strongest Sensations of Satisfaction and Gratitude .* and K beg that you will accept of ray best Ackuov /ledgments for the very obliging Personal Expression'^ regarding my-

self, which yon did me the Honour to make use of in communicating these Resolutions.

I have the Honour to be,

With Respect,

Sir, Your most obedient

most humble Servant,

Cornwallis.

London, the 9th February 1794.

Right honourable Henry Addington

Speaker of the House of Commons.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Message be Message to sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That "

the House of Commons, under the present Circum- Hastings'sr stances of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Trial. Esquire, is anxious that the Prosecution thereof, on the Part of the House of Commons, should be brought to as speedy a Conclusion as possible; and therefore the Commons will be ready, and are desirous, to proceed from Day to Day, or on as many Days, and for as many Hours on each Day, as may be convenient to their Lordships to sit thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the said Message to the Lords.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the bjh respect-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ing Aliens " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in ordered.

" this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases;

And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0,1151,1 for upon the Bill for preventing Money or Effects, in the ^nc'h Pro-Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or dis- perty being poseable by, Persons resident in France, being ap- applied to the plied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Pro- vernment. perty thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

1 hat they had gone through the Bill, and made several I Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him t o report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the report*], said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report-was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr.

Attornies Duties Bill presented.

Committee on Foreign Spirits and Sugar Duties Bill.

Distillery additional Duties Bill deferred.

Foreign Spirits additional Duties Bill deferred.

Leeds, Harrogate, and Ripon Hoads Petition.

34 Guo. III. 11° — -12° F 155

Mr. Charles Ijohg presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they "had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, -without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12°;

Anno 34° Georgii III'" Regis, 1794. RrateJis.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through " Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclo-

" sures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches " (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the " other through Kharesborough and Boroughbridge)

" to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, " or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of " York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the " said Moor," another, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and the other, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the above recited Acts, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls

thereby granted, which, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Ingilby, Mr. force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord.. Walker: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Persent's naturalizing Martin Wallher Persent; to which the Nat- Bl11-Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bodecker'* naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker; to which the Nat- Bill-Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wigley reported to the House, That he had, Report of according to their Order of Yesterday, been at the Message for Lords, and delivered the Message to them, respecting the expediting of the Trial of the Impeachment against ini's Trial. Warren Hastings, Esquire; and that their Lordships 0 gave for Answer, that they would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ravrreth and thereunto subscribed, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Chelmsford and Inhabitants, of the County of Essex, was presented Road Pe-to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road t*tion* leading from a Place called The Black Grove (adjoining the Turnpike Road) in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, in such- Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Dent, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees of the Free Grammar Petition School in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- against Sow* caster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting er^y Bndga forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that "eltl Canal a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Bill. Navigable Canal from the Colder and Hebble Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, Deyne-head, Littleborough, and Rochdale, to Manchester, and to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place called Castle Field,

within

12° Februarii.

Petition against Sow-erby Bridge and Castle Field Canal Bill.

Petition from certain Owners of Mills against D° Bill

156

A. 1794.

within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Pala-tine of Lancaster', and that the said Grammar School is a very ancient Foundation, being founded by Hugh Oldham, then Bishop of Exeter, in the early Part of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the Instruction of Youth in Grammar, and' the Advancement of Knowledge and Learning, by further assisting them in their Education at Oxford and Cambridge, and the said School is free for the Whole British Empire; and that the Estate of the said Free School (vested, in the Petitioners) consists, in a great Measure, of Mills situate upon the River Irk, in Manchester aforesaid; and that, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act of Parliament was passed, by which the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester were discharged from the Custom of grinding their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at the said Mills, but that the Custom of grinding Malt at the said Mills was established and confirmed by the said Act, and the Petitioners are obliged, by the said Act, to repair and maintain the said Mills, so as to be sufficient to grind for the Inhabitants, and that, without a sufficient Supply of Water, the said Mills will be unable to grind for the Town, and a Failure in this Respect will be productive of irreparable Damage to the Trust Estate vested in the Petitioners; and that the Stream of the said River Irk, on which the said Mills are situate, is already so scantily supplied with Water, that at some Times, and especially in a dry Season, the said Mills are unable to work for several Hours in the Day, through Want of Water; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that the said intended Canal, upon the Line proposed, cannot be effectually supplied with Water, without taking those Resources which feed the Stream of the said River Irk, and that the making such Canal will unavoidably cut off many Springs and Streams, and take away from the Petitioners that from which a great Part of the Income of the said Trust Estate arises: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same Bill may not pass into a. Law, and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the Rivers Roach, Irwell, and Irk, and their Feeders,* was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That there are upon the said Rivers Roach, Irwell, and Irk, and their Feeders, a considerable Number of Water Mills, many of which are of great Value, and the Petitioners conceive the said Navigation will be the Means of depriving them of the Supply of Water, which, ever since the said Mills have been erected, they have derived from the said Rivers, and their Feeders: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and proper.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Owners or Occupiers of several valuable Water Mills, which are so situate, that the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend that it is not practicable to make and maintain the said intended Canal, according to the Line and Level proposed, without taking or intercepting most of the Sources and Feeders of the Rivers which supply the said Mills with Water, and thereby deprive the said Mills of their necessary and usual Supply, not only to the essential Injury of the Petitioners, but to the great Detriment of the Trade of the Country, and of the Public: And

therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in tire West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of,

in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and the first and last mentioned Petitioners are to "be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Owners and Holders of Petitions ia Mills situated upon the River Roach, and the several favour of Brooks called Sladen and Healees Brooks, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Castk Field upon other Brooks, Streams, and Feeders, flowing into Canal BilL the said River Roach, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners*

Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Forest of Rosendale, which Forest adjoins and lies contiguous to the Valley of Todmorden, in the Parish of Rochdale, and County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Right Honourable Lord and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the River Irk, and the Brooks Streams, and Feeders, flowing into the same River:

And also,

A Petition of the several Owners and Holders of Mills situate upon the River Calder, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, and in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the several Brooks, Streams, Rivulets, and Feeders, flowing into the same River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Traders, Manufacturers, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, ifi the West Riding of the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sowerby Bridge Wharf, near Halifax, by Way of Todmorden, Deyne-head, Littleborough, Rochdale, Chadderton, and Failsworth, to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near Castle Field, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, with several Branches therefrom: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

A Petition

Althorpe

Inclosure

Petition.

Bottesford and Yaddlethorpe Inclosure Petition.

Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Petition.

34 Geo. III. .12° Februa 157

A Petition of Henry Dalton, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Messuages or Tenements, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, in Althorpe, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in Althorpe aforesaid, are divers Open Common Fields, Moors, and Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and so intermixed that, in their present State, they are incapable of much Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Peacock, the Reverend George Waddington, Benjamin Burnett, and others, Proprietors of Messuages or Tenements, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, in Bottesford and Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, and County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in Bottesford and Yaddlethorpe aforesaid are divers Open Common Fields, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and so intermixed that, in their present State, they are incapable of much Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, Moors, and Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of tjje said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Townships of Colne, Somersham, War boys, Wistow, Berry, Ramsey with Higney, Pidley and Fenton, Bluntisham and Earith, Saint Ives, Houghton and Witton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Ravely, Upwood with Great Ravely, Standground, cett, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, Glutton, Holme, Cunnington, Sawtrey All Saints, Sawtrey Saint Judith

and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Water newton, Stibbington with Sibson, Woodstone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon; Isleham, Swaffham

Prior with Reach, Swaffham Bulbeck, Burwell with Reach, Wickin, Soham, Barway, Bottisham, Qui,

Homingsey, Waterbeach, Landbeach, Cottenham, Ramp-

ton, Willingham, Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge; Brandon, Wang and

Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk;

Mary, Wiggenhall Saint German, Wiggenhall Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Clenchwarton, Terrington Saint Clement,

Saint John, Walpole Saint Peter, Walpole Saint Andrew, WestWalton, Wcusoken, Emneth, Saints, Tilney

Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton, Hardwick and Setchy, -

tenhill, Watlington, Runcton Holme, Stow

Bardolph, Wimbotsham, Downham Market,

Denver, Fordham, Hilgay, Southeiy, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold, Wilton, wold, Northwold, Oxburgh, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, kam, West Dereham, Outwell, Upwell, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Church-am otherwise Chettisham, Littleport, Stretham, Thetford,

Vo l. 49.

Downham, Coveney, Witchford, Witcham, Wingford or Wentworth, Witburton, Haddenham, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with Wimblington, Benwick, Chat-

teris, Whittlesea Saint Mary, Wittlesea Saint Andrew, and Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining, or lying near to, the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Ouze^ in the County of Norfolk, is the Great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, the Country of Marshland, and divers other Lands which drain to Sea thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and that IJart of the said River Ouze, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete Drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the said River being too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place called Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, by Reason whereof the Drainage of large Tracts of Land, lying in the said Parishes or Townships, is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are materially injured: and that in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, it is necessary that a Cut, or River, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made to branch out of the said River Ouze, from the Common Salt Marsh, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall St. Mary, in the said County of Norfolk, and again to join the said River Ouze, at or near the Harbour of King's Lynn aforesaid; and that, by Levels and Surveys, lately taken and made by experienced Engiheers, it appears that a Cut, or River, as above described, may be made, and the Petitioners conceive? the making thereof, with such other Works as may be found requisite to attain the Ends above-mentioned, would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Districts above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Port of King's Lynn, and of the adjacent Country, and that the Expence of executing such Cut, or River, and other Works, may, with great Ease and Convenience, be provided for by Means of a Tax on the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage Duty on Goods, Wrares, and Merchandize, navigated on the said Cut, or River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given. to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred-to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Jodrell, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had

S s examined

Abingdon Paving, &c. Petitions reported.

158 12° FebruariL A. 1794.

examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at this Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and i|, as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Benjamin Morland being examined, said, That the Footways in the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town are very ill paved, and the said Streets and Places are not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and are also in some Parts very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers — That it would tend gready to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Footways were properly paved, and the said Streets and Places were well and sufficiendy cleansed, lighted, and tegulated, and all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances removed and prevented.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Morland being further examined, said, That it would tend gready to the Safety and Accommodadon of the Inhabitants, and of all Persons resorting to the said Town, if Powers were given for establishing a Nightly Watch therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therefrom, and for otherwise improving the said Town: And that Mr. Loveden and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Rivers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors or Persons interested in certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Grounds within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Uninclesed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands, are now divided into several small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting me said Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and ah other the said Open and Commonable Lands, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton Pitt and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Woolcombers and others, in the Borough of Wilton: And also,

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Town and Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon: And'

also,

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Town and Borough of Tavistock;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Joseph Grote, Esquire, and of several Long Ben-others, Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parishes nington and of Long Bennington and Boston, in the County of Lin-

» ® j iTT i jo* sure 16utiODi

coin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, lying intermixed and dispersed, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to all Parties interested in the said Lands if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them according to their respective Rights therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from Richmond the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Bridge Cash Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to nraacnuS the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of v Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Ac*

" count, 1792:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, 1793."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Evans, Se- Ramsgate cretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended Harbour at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- AccouJ^ sented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " Ramsgate 'Harbour Accounts,

" from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, that Answer t» their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before mis House, a Copy of the Articles according to which His Majesty has been pleased to order a Part of His Electoral Troops to be employed in the Service of Great Britain) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him

to

34 Geo. III. 12° Feb. 159

to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Stmerby The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Bndp and Reac|ing of the Bill for making and maintaining a Canas Bill Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or committed, near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of

in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of in

the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leaving out the Word " how," and at the End of foe Question to add foe Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And foe Question being put, That the Word " now " stand part of foe Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yaa-{m } 109.

Teller, for the Noes, ST" } *<

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That foe said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to Mr. Black-bume, Colonel Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Member* to Mr ..Adam, from the Managers appointed to make be examined good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren iWaTriaf Hastings, Esquire, acquainted the House, that they

" shall have Occasion to examine Richard Barwell,

Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, Members of this House,' upon foe Trial of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1788, respecting foe Attendance of several Members of this House, to be examined on the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Note of the Names of Richard Bar-bell, Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, Members of this House, be given to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that he do give Notice to the said Members to be present at the Trial of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, upon all Occasions.

Woolcombere Ordered, That the several Petitions presented to this

Petitions re- House in this Session of Parliament from the Wool-ferred to a combers, complaining of certain Machines construct-ommittee' ed for foe combing of Wool, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them1, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Bastatd, Mr1. RiAle, &c.: And they are to meet To-mofrow Morning, ai Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberafod have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Petition A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Vessels in

respecting foe Coasting and Irish Trade, now laying in foe Port Convoys. V0 L. 49.

of London, in foe Month of February 1794, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That from the great Want of Convoys during the last and present Years (notwithstanding a Variety of Petitions and Memorials have been presented, at different Times, to foe Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, from foe Merchants, Owners, and Masters concerned in the Coasting Trade at different Ports in the Channel) great Losses and Inconveniencies have arisen, not only from foe Extra Expences attending being detained, but also from many of the Cargoes being of a perishable Nature: And therefore praying,

ITiat foe House will take foe Premises into their Consideration, and grant foe Petitioners such Relief and Protection as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deser- Mutiny Bill tion, and for foe better Payment of foe Army and their passed. Quarters, was read foe Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That foe Order of the Day, for foe House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further of foe Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly; referred. C<

Ordered, That foe Account of Money issued to Money issued James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His for rendering Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of foe Exche- the House of quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to an Address of the House of Lords, of foe 29th of December 1792, for rendering the House of Peers more commodious, by warming and ventilating foe same, be referred to foe said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to sun- On Account dry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of o{ the French His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Refugeea* the suffering Refugee Clergy and Laity of Fratice, be referred to foe said Committee.

Ordered, That foe Account of Money issued to Sir Works done William Chambers, at foe Receipt of foe Exchequer, at Flaet out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account Pr"°n* of Works at foe Fleet Prison, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Sir On Accoun William Chambers, at foe Receipt of foe Exchequer, at

out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account pi^o^c. of Works at Somerset Place, and for Fixtures at foe Signet and Privy Seal Offices, and foe Offices of the Dutchies of Lancaster and Cornwall, be referred to foe stud Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued, at foe To pay Sums Receipt of the Exchequer,* out of His Majesty's Civil assessed for List Revenues, to Joseph White, Esquire, to pay foe ^and ^ax> Sums assessed on the Salaries of foe Commissioners for &c‘ auditing foe Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for foe Yedr 1790; and to John Wiggles-toorth, Esquire, to pay Arrears to sundry Persons from foe Office for auditing foe Public Accounts, to 00th July 1793, be referred to foe said Committee.

Ordered, That foe Account of Money issued to For Debt* William: Chinnery, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil contracted by List Revenues, for foe Discharge of Debts contracted Mr- Tully. by Mt. Tully, late Agent and Consul General at be deferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That foe Account of Money issued, at foe Louea on Receipt of foe Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Ci- ^ac"atin* vil List Revenues, to John Marsh and John Spranger, ^pt°*^ul Esquires, as a Compensation for their Trouble in

enquiring

160

1£° Febru

A. 1794.

enquiring into and reporting upon the Cases of Persons who sustained Losses on evacuating the Mosquito in Consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain, in the Year 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

On Account Ordered, That the Account of Money issued, at the of Surv«>ys, Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil c' List Revenues, to Patrick Rooney Nugetit, Esquire,

acting Surveyor General of Lands at Cape Breton, on Account of Surveys and other Services, be referred to the said Committee.

To the Bishop Ordered, That the Account of Money issued, at the pi Quebec; Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Ci-Mr! Reeves"'List Revenues, to the Bishop of Quebec, for Ex-40. ' pences in proceeding to his See; to Alexander Da-

vison, Esquire, to reimburse Expences in purchasing Stationary for the Surveyor General's and Printing Offices in Upper Canada; to John Reeves, Esquire, for _ Expences in the Administration of Justice at

foundland; to William Chinnery, Esquire, to discharge Sums due to the late Attorney General of Nova Scotia, for Grants of 'Lands to the Loyalists; to the Representatives of Philip Esquire, for Salary due to

him as late Surveyor of Lands in Georgia, be referred to the said Committee.

For enquiring Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to &c* of Jersey' William Pollock, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil

List Revenues, as the Balance due to him on Account of the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Laws, &c. of the Isle of Jersey, be referred to the said Committee.

For Removal Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Wil-of Mr. Star-_ nam Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche-uc quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the

Removal to Milford Haven of Samuel Star buck. Junior, who carried on the Whale Fishery at Nova Scotia, be referred to the said Committee.

For Allow- Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Tho-American mas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List

Sufferers" Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, be referred to the said ' Committee.

For Foreign Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued from Secret S«r- His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's

vice. Foreign Secret Service, between the 5th Day of January

1793 and the 5th Day of January 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Money issued Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money pursuant to which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pur-

Addresses. Suant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Interest, &c. Ordered, That the Account of the Suras that will

ReUefto* wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate

American and of £> 3- 1 os- P*' Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of East Florida the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the- Payments Sufferers. which became due on the 10th Day of October 1793, on the several Orders mad* out, pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Proparties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spainand to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1794, together 1 with the Sum of £. 6. 5#. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of

October 1794; after the same Rate of £. 3. io$. per

Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. of the Principal S um undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account tile Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the safhe, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which For carrying have been issued in Consequence of the Expences in- "uUon ag«jnst curred in carrying on the Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of send- F01 sending ing Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement Provisions, in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have Formaintain-been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Ex-, ing Convicts pence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Lang-stone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have mouth,4c. not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to For D° on the Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of con- Thames-fining, maintaining, and employing Convicts -on die River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which To the lata have been 'issued to the late Commissioners appointed Board of to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, their

Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, officers, and their Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Amount of Exchequer Bills made forth in pursuance of an Act, Exchequer passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An a<^r_ " Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of guance of"* " One Million Five Hundred thousand Pounds, for Vote of " the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for Credit Acttf " providing that the Governor and Company of the 1881 Se8S"B* " Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of " the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on " Account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the " Direction of, the Commissioners of His Majesty's " Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 31st January Paperrelating " 1794 — Master of the Mint — with Account of Ex- to the Mint.

" pences of the Mint in the Year 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The Account " of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all " Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere,- for the " Service of the said Mint, in the Year 1793; also, of " all Monies by him paid, and Charges incurred on " the said Service, within the Time of this Account," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 5th February " 1794 — Officers of the Mint Report on Account of " Expences of the Mint in the Year 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the African. Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred Company'* to the said Committee. Petition.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

J

34 Geo. III. 12° Febru 161

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mn Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That ' they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill for rais- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, ing a Sum by a gill for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read

presented. ^

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added to bring in Bill for repealing the Duties on Gloves,

&c.

Bill for repealing Duties on Burials, &c. presented.

Bill for repealing Duties on Gloves, See. presented.

Indemnity Bill presented.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out " by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens, and also " certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by " Retailand who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to *His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of " Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings," and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the " Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and " Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the " Church of England and which were then agreed to by the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order> a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as nave omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Y o l. 49.

Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that;

Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Foreign upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Bill. Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do make the Report Marine from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mutiny Bill the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine rePorte<1-Forces while on Shore, was committed.

Mr John Smyth accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi* nnH^mn. tional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Tiverton the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Paving Assistants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, who have thereunto set their Com- repo mon Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Tiverton, and others, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as

T t it

Way* and Mean* deferred.

Trial of Mr, Hastings.

The Lords will proceed on Wednesday on Mr. Hastings's TriaL

Petition against Sowerby Bridge and Castle Field Canal Bill, referred, and Counsel ordered.

1G2 12° — 13° Februarii. A. 1794.

it appeased to them, to the House; and he read the Report fan his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Wood, being examined, said, That the Streets, Avenues, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the said Town, are ill paved and dangerous, and have various Encroachments, Obstructions, and other Annoyances, by Means whereof they are rendered incommodious and dangerous to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting thereto — That if proper Powers were given to pave* and otherwise improve the said Streets and Public Passages, and to remove and prevent all Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, Safety, and Emolument of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and others resorting thereto, and would also be of Public Utility.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 13° die Februarii;

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Dukinfald Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Canal Bill Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County *of committed. Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Miltin the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forestt in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Buckingham, Order, a Bill for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in ^er c^ajg the County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Billpreseot-Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by «d-an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Saint Alban Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the and Watford Town of Saint Alban, to communicate with The Grand Canal.?iU Junction Navigation at Watford, in the County of presen Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timei

Anno 34* Georgii III. U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning, next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the Rivers Roach, Irwell, and Irk, and their Feeders, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridge-water, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and alBo certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Leeds and lithe Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the verpool Canal Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was re- Navigation ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found *>etlt1!^j that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to rep° Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, was read; whereby the said Company were empowered to borrow the Sum of £. 200,000; but, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient, they were enabled to raise a further Sum, not exceeding £.60,000, to be applied for the Purposes of the Act. — Then,

Mr. John Hardy being examined, said, That in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal, and in purchasing and improving the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Aslana, in the said County of Lancaster, which, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal, the said Company have expended a Sum of £. 300,000, and upwards — Then,

An Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was read, empowering the said Company to make a certain Variation, and in order to complete and finish the said Canal, to borrow, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of £. 200,000. — And the Witness further said, That since the passing of the 6 said

34 Geo. III. IS9 Febn 163

said Act, other Parts of the said Canal are completed, or now in execution: — And,

Mr. Robert Whitworth being examined, said, That after a careful Examination of the Line which yet remains unfinished, he is well satisfied, that making a Deviation therein, and varying the same from Wanlass Banks, in the Township or Hamlet of Barrowford, otherwise Barrowford Booth, through or into the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets described in the Petition, will be of much greater Advantage to the Public, and to the said Company, than the present Line of the said Canal, and that it is practicable to make such Deviation; for which Purpose, it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the said incorporated Navigations: — Then,

Mr. John Hardy, being further examined, said, That the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and also an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to in the County Palatine of Lancaster, have been found defective, and w'ant Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigain the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation: And that Mr. Crewe, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. Thomas Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolvea, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pereent'sNat. for naturalizing Martin Walther Persent, was read the BlB read-First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bodecker'* for naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker, was read Na‘- Bill the First Time. 184 "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Amount of the Net Produce of Scotch Produce of Spirits imported into England, and the Duty thereon ^otcjJ^pinU remitted from Scotland, for Three Years, ending the ordered. '

5th January 1793; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Account of Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Produce of was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Net Produce of Scotch Spirits imported into England, and the Duty thereon remitted from Scotland, for Three Years, ending the 5th January 1793; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Arnesbyjn- Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to closure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and presented. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Arncsby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Harptry A Petition of Joshua Scrape, Esquire, and others, Inclosure Pe- whose Names are thereto subscribed, Proprietors of tition. Lands and Tenements within the Parish of East Harptry, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry aforesaid, a certain Common or Waste, called East Harptry Hill, Part of the Forest of Mendip, containing, by Estimation, 1,020 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Joshua Scrope is, or claims to be, Lord of the Manor of East Harptry, and the said Joshua Scrope, and others, in respect of their several Lands and Tenements within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry aforesaid, are entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Common or Waste; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Common or Waste, if the same was properly divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common or Waste, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Core and Sir Francis Basset do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Norwich and Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Aylsham Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Road Bill Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the

presen ' County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road

leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said Vox.. 49.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Mu-Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third tiny Bill Time. P888*1-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Bill for rais-Way of Annuities, was read a Second Time. ing a Sum by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Annuities

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee committed* of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Bill for re-Mittens sold by Retail, was read a Second Time. pealingDuties

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed^*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 1 of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Bill for re-Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings, was read pealingDuties a Second Time. 2F Befi*Vpr of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed?*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp xttomie* Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Ad- Duties Bill mission of Solicitors dr Attornies, in any of the Courts committed.

in

164 13° — 14° F A. 1794.

in England therein mentioned, was read a Seco d Time.

Jlesolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

"Indemnity A Bill to indemnity such Persons as have omitted commit- to qUaijfy themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Distillery additional Duties Bill reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Foreign Spirits additional Duties Bill reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported, into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Report Sup* The other Order of the Day being read;

ply deferred. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii I. IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MR. Vansittart presented to the House, according Shilton Into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, ana closure Bill inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Com- Presented-monable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Wendover Viscount Hampden, Lord of the Manor of Wendover, Inclosure and of the several other Persons whose Names are Petition-thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadow's, and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation,

Eighteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner Thomas Lord Viscount is Lord of the Manor, and Impropriator, of Wendover aforesaid, and seised of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the same Manor, and the said Lord Viscount Hampden, and Henry Geary, Esquire, and Matthew Raper, Esquire, and several other Persons, are also seised of, and entitled to, all the Great Tythes arising within the Parish of Wendover, and to certain Payments in Lieu of the Tythes of Hay and Com of certain Lands in the said Parish, under an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confirming Exchanges of Land and Tythes of and in the Open " and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of " ingham, and for establishing and securing certain " Annual Payments in Lieu of Tythes; " and that Robert Stratford Collet, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Wivilsgate, in the said Parish of Wendover, and the Petitioner Joseph Smith, Clerk, is Vicar of the Parish Church of Wendover aforesaid, and, in Right of his said Vicarage, entitled to all the Vicarial Tythes arising within the same Parish, and the King's Most Excellent Majesty is Patron of the said Vicarage of Wendover; and that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the Premises, and would also be of Public Utility, if the said Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Manor, or Manors, and Parish, unto and amongst the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, and for exonerating the same Common Fields, and Waste Lands and Grounds, from the Payment of all Tythes, and Compositions in Lieu thereof, excepting such Lands as have certain Annual Payments established and secured by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barker Church and Mr. Benfield do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

34 Geo. III. 14° Februarii.

165

'D? $l,v

nd cUnv

m- PrtSt; itt 1;

'd

r, Int!s,

'e Pate

of

d

Petitions re- A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Bo-specting the rough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of for Hun'0" tingham, and of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other

Docks' Bill. Inhabitants of the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and of the Vicinity thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at that Time, but, in Consequence of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken Place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much injured by the Want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the Dock and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull, being very frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from Foreign Voyages, Coastwise, River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that the manufactured Goods, sent down for Exportation by the Petitioners, frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby: And that the Petitioners, having been informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for Relief in the Premises, therefore pray the House will take into Consideration the present Restriction, Loss, and Delay, hereby occasioned to the Trade and Manufacture of the Country connected with the Port of Hull, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ean Brink Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to and King's whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the LjrBp humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose reported. °D Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Townships of Colne, Somersham, Warboys, Wistow, Berry, Ramsey with Higney, and Fenton, Bluntishamand Saint Ives, Houghton,

and Witton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Ravely, Upwood with Great Ravely, Standground, cetl, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, Glutton, Holme, Cunnington, Sawtrey All Saints, Sawtrey Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Waternewton, Stibbington with Sibson, Woodstone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon; Isleham, Swaffham

Prior with Reach, Swaffham Bulbeck, Burwell with Reach, Wickin, Soham, Barway, Bottisham, Qui, Ditton, Horningsey, Waterbeach, Landbeach, Cottenham, Ramp-ton, Willingham, Over, and in the County of

Cambridge; Brandon, Wang ford, Lakenheath, and denhall, in the County of Suffolk)Saint Mary,

Wiggenhall Saint German, Wiggenhall Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Clenchwarton, Terrington Saint Clement, Walpole

Saint Peter, Walpole Saint Andrew, West Walton, Wal-

soken, Emneth, I'ilney All Saints Tillney Saint Lawrence, Tilneycum Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton, Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay, Watlington,

Runcton Holme, Thorpland, Stow Bardolph, Downham Market, Roxha Denver, Fordham, Hilgay,

Southery, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint,

Vol. 49.

Hockwold, Wilton, Methwold, Northwold,

Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, Outwell,

Upwell, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely Trinity,

Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Chettisham, Little-port, Stretham, Thetford, Downham, Coveney, Witchford, Witcham, Wing ford or Wentworth, Wilburton, ham, Mepal, Sutton, March, D with ton, Benwick, Chatteris, Whittlesea Saint Mary, Whittle-sea Saint Andrew, and Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining, or lying near to, the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Maxwell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, is the great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, the Country of Marshland, and divers other Lands which drain to Sea thereby through the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk: — And being further examined, he said, That Part of the said River Ouze, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete Drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the said River being too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place, called Saint Germans Bridge, and King's Lynn aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of large Tracts of Land lying in the said Parishes or Townships is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are materially injured. — And being further examined, he said, That in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, it is necessary, that a Cut, or River, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made to branch out of the said River Ouze, from the Common Salt Marsh at or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County of Norfolk, and again to join the said River Ouze at or near the Harbour of King's Lynn aforesaid. Then,

Mr. Robert Milne, an Engineer, being examined, said, That he is clearly of Opinion, from the Levels and Surveys lately taken and made, that a Cut or River, as above described, may be made; and that the making thereof, with such other Works as may be found requisite to attain the Ends above-mentioned, would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Districts above specified, and would tend gready to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Port of King's Lynn, and of the adjacent Country. — And being further examined, he said, That the Expence of executing such Cut or River, and other Works, may with great Ease and Convenience be provided for by Means of a Tax on the Lands to be benefited by the same, aided by a certain Tonnage Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes navigated on the said Cut, or River.

And the Witness being asked, Whether he had taken the Levels and Surveys of all the Country to be affected by the Petition? he said, He did not know exactly the Extent of the Country to which the Petition goes, but that he had taken them from Cambridge Wharf along the River Ouze to Deeps, and the

U u Mouths

1 66 14° Februarii. 1794.

Mouths and Parts of all the Cross Branches that fall and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards in that Length — that he had taken them Once in delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same 1791, Twice in 1792, and again in 1793. — that he had was read; and is as followeth; viz. made a Comparison of Surveys taken by other Persons, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. and joined them altogether for the Information of his Jonathan Dennett being examined, said, That a Comown Mind, in order to form the Opinion he has mission of Bankrupt, was on the 6th Day of February given. — And being further examined, he said, He thinks 1790, awarded against Joseph Freeman and Thomas that the Object proposed by the Petition will be of Grace, oi Devonshire Square, Bishopgate Street, London, general Utility to all the Land Owners who may be Warehousemen, Dealers, Chapmen, and Co-partners affected by it. — And being asked, How he could speak (which Commission the Witness produced to your to that Fact with such Precision, when, by his Answer Committee) under which they were found and declared to a former Question, it was understood, that he did not Bankrupts, and that John Satchell, and

know the Extent of all the Lands to be affected by the William Thornton were chosen Assignees of their Es-Petition? he said, He thought his Answer quite con- tate and Effects — That at the Time of issuing of the sistent; for, if he surveyed die Mouth of a River where said Commission of Bankrupt, there was due from the Lands are annoyed by Water, all Lands upwards Matthias de Gandasequi to the said Joseph Freeman, for upon the Banks of that River that do drain by it, must Principal and Interest on a Mortgage, bearing Date be benefited. — And the Witness added, That the pro- the 15th Day of January 1789 (which Mortgage the posed Plan will be of general Utility to the Navigation Witness produced to your Committee) of certain Proof the River Ouze. — Then, misses in or near St. James's Square, in the County of

Mr. Maxwell being again examined, said, That he Middlesex, the Sum of £. 13,700, and upwards — That was acquainted with the whole Country in general such Premisses were subject to a prior Mortgage, which would be affected by the intended Bill; and that bearing Date the 26th Day of October 1785, for se-he apprehended, that should such a Bill pass it would be curing the Sum of 3,500, and Interest, to John for the Benefit of that Country in general. mot, Esquire, who, in order to recover the Money due

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for to him upon such prior Mortgage, filed a Bill of Fore-

improving the Drainage of the Middle and South closure against the said Joseph Freeman and Matthias Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called de Gandasequi in the Court of Chancery, to which Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near Suit the Assignees aforesaid were made Parties — That to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near an Account of the Principal, Interest, and Costs, due to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining to the said John Wilmot, was directed to be taken

through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's in the said Suit by One of the Masters of the Court

Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and im- of Chancery; and in pursuance thereof, the said Mas-proving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from ter, on the 7th Day of May 1792, certified that there or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of would be due to the said John Wilmot, for Principal, Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the Interest, and for Costs, on the 22d Day of the said said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and Month of May, the Sum of £. 4,676. i6j. 7 — That preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers com- on the 14th of June 1792, the said Assignees, with tha municadng with the said River Ouze: And that Sir Money in their Hands, and other Money advanced by John Wodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, other Persons, Creditors of the said Bankrupts, paid the and bring in, the same. said Sum of 4,676. 165. yd. to the said John Wilmot,

and thereupon he conveyed all his Interest in the said Pre&ton and A Petition of Thomas Weld, Esquire, was presented mortgaged Premisses to John Wilkinson, Esquire, a Sutton to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, Trustee named by and on the Part of the Assignees, unePetition" w*^‘n Mftnor9 of Preston and Sutton Poyntz, in and the other Persons who advanced Money for the ure e non. t^e £ounty Qf Dorset, certain Open Common Arable Purpose of making up the said Sum; and the legal Fields, and also certain Common Downs, Commons, Estate of and in the same Premisses now' remains Marshes, and Waste Lands, the Property of the Pe- vested in the said John Wilkinson, as such Trustee — titioner, and several other Persons, which in their pre- That the Assignees were induced to pay off the said sent Situation are incapable of any considerable Im- Sum due to the said John from a Belief that

provement; and that it would be very advantageous they were Second Mortgagees of the said mortgaged to- the Petitioner, and the several other Persons in- Premisses, and that they might be sold, and that the terested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same Surplus which should remain of the Money arising were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments from the Sale thereof, after deducting the said Sum thereof made to them, according to their respective of £.4,676. 16s. yd. would be thereby secured for Rights and Interests, and if all Right of Common in the Benefit of the Creditors of the said Joseph Freeman and over certain inclosed Lands within the said Ma- and Thomas Grace; and that accordingly the Assignees nors were extinguished: And therefore praying, That caused the said Premisses to be put up to Sale, and the Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing Sum of £ 9,817- io$. being bid for the same, and no, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Com- higher Sum being offered, the Party bidding that Summon Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, was declared the Purchaser.

and for extinguishing all such Right of Common as And the Witness being further examined, he said, aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think That Matthias de Gandasequi is an Alien born, and as by proper. the Law of this Realm, an Alien cannot purchase Lands

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for his owrn Benefit, but takes them for the Benefit pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of the Crown, the Purchaser of the said Premisses Mr. Benyon and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring has refused to complete his Purchase thereof. — And in, the same. the Witness further said, That there is now due from the said Matthias de Gandasequi to the said Assignees, Petition from Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to upon the said Mortgage so made to the said Joseph the Assignees whom the Petition of John Arkley, John Satchell, and Freeman, the Sum of £. 15,000, and upwards (an Ac-FrcemarTand Thornton, Assignees of the Estate and Effects count of which the Witness produced to your Com-Gnwereport- of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, Bankrupts, was mittee) besides the said Sum of £. 4,676. 16 yd. ed. referred; That the Committee had examined the for the Principal, Interest, and Costs paid to the said

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed liim to John Wilmot — That the Money advanced and lent report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; by the said Joseph Freeman to the said AlatthiasdeGan-

12 dasequi,

34 Geo. III. 14° Febrmrii. 167

dasequi, was done upon the Credit. of the said mort- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition gaged Premisses, and upon the Belief that the same was Stratford Upon Avon Canal "Navigation, under their arwiclt'antk' effectually conveyed to, or vested in, the said Joseph Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Braungton Freeman. — And the Witness further said, That Dy Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Canal Bill, reason of the Alienage of the said Matthias de Gan- Bill is depending in the House for extending, cutting, dasequi, the Estate and Interest of and in the said a,nd making a Navigable Canal from th mortgaged Premisses, which were supposed to have and Birmingham Canal, at or' near Warwick, to the' vested in him, and which were intended to have been Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County conveyed to the said Joseph Freeman, belongs to the ampton; and that the Petitioners conceive the Scheme Crown — That the said Matthias de Gundasequi is now of the said intended Navigation has been hastily adopted' confined in the Fleet Prison for Debt; and that, the without a sufficient Investigation thereof, and without

Assignees have no other Security for the said Debt due the Prospect of its being productive Of1 any great

to them, than the Charge upon the before-mentioned Public Utility, but calculated altogether: tp promote'

Premisses, by virtue of the said Security. the Interest of1 private Individuals: That it appears to

And the Witness added, That the Debts owing by the Petitioners, that the tine of the said tanal might the said Joseph Freemarf and Thomas Grace amount to be'varied with great Advantage, and afford 'a better the Sum of £. 20,000, and upwards, and that the' Communication, not only with the Town of Equity of Redemption of the said mortgaged Premisses, ham and Braunston, but also a shorter Carriage for is the principal Part of the Property to satisfy the Coals from Staffordshire and Worcestershire; as well as1 same; and that unless such Equity of Redemption can Merchandize of all Sorts from those Counties to be sold for the Discharge of such Debts, the As- Braunston aforesaid; and the Petitioners therefore sub-signees, and the other lawful Creditors of the said Joseph mit to the House, that the said Undertaking is atpre-

Freeman 'and Thomas Grace, must inevitably be great sent tpo premature" to receive the Sanction'of Parfia-

Sufferers thereby. merit, and that, if further Time was allowed for investi-

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the gating, and more fully1 examining, the said intended Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. Navigation, a much more eligible Line of Communi-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- cation, not only between Birmingham and the City of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole London, but also with many other large Trading Towns House, to consider of the said Report. ' and Places, may be opened by Means of the Stratford

upon Avon, Worcester, and Dudley Canals, and be of Leeds and Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according much greater Benefit and Utility to the Public: And

Liverpool to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their

Citkm of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may

presented1. ' the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a fur- not pass into a Law.

ther Sum of Money for completing the same; and to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a

the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and

navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut.

County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick,

in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in

and maintaining the said Canal Navigation: And the the County of Northampton, be read a Second Time;

same was received; and read the First Time. and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Coun-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. sel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Tibthorpe A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Inclosure Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, herein after mentioned, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, said Petition.

That there are, within the Township of Tibthorpe, in

the Parish of Kirkbourn, in the East Riding of the A Petition of Rogers Parker, Esquire, Martha Petition County of York, certain Open Fields, Pastures, Com- Vandewall, Widow, Thomas Neate and Richard Capper, against the

mons, and Wastes, computed to contain, in the whole, Esquires, and Thomas Buckeridge Noyes, Esquire, ^"watfoird

about 3,000 Acres; and that the said Fields, Pastures, Committee of the Estate of Robert Hucks, Esquire, and ^nal Bill. Commons, and Wastes, in their present Situation, are William Smith, Esquire, Owners and Proprietors of capable of very little Improvement, but if the same Lands in the Line of the intended Canal from were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to Alban to Watford, in the County of Hertford, was pre-the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Town of Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave Saint Alban, to communicate with The Grand Junction may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pur- Navigation at Watford, in the County of Hertford; poses above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as and Setting forth, That the Borough of Saint Alban is the House shall think proper. situated Eastward of The Grand Junction Canal only

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Four Miles Five Furlongs and Thirty-seven Poles, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and Westward of Hertford, where the River Lea be- Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and comes navigable, about Twelve Miles; that the Di-bring in, the same. rection of the intended Cut from Saint Alban to

Watford is nearly parallel to the said Grand Junction St. Alban and Mr. P lamer presented to the House, according to Canal, from which its mean Distance is about Four South Miras Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Miles, and that therefore the Market Town of Saint Road ted' ^oad through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Alban (already provided with an excellent Road to presen . Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Watford, Distance about Nine Miles) is intended, as

Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to it is supposed, principally to be benefited by the prochange the Course of the said Road at the Entrance posed Cut, and such Benefit (if any) will be obtained into the Town of Saint Alban: And the same was re- at the Expence of the Market Towns in the Neigh-

ceived; and read the First Time. bourhood, by drawing a Part of their customary Supply

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to Saint Alban, and it is therefore obvious, that a

Vol. 49. partial

168 U9 Februarii. A. 1794.

partial and not a National Object is in View; and that the Petitioners cure Owners and Occupiers of a considerable Part of the Land in the Line of the said intended Cut, and apprehend that such intended Cut will be greatly injurious to their Property, Quiet, and Convenience, and will be attended with material Damage to the Valley through which the Navigation is intended to pass, and to the Stream with which it is intended to interfere, and without any adequate Public Advantage; and that the Petitioner, Rogers Parker, very lately made Choice of a Situation on his Estate, at Munden, and built a House for his own Residence,

and made Gardens thereto, where he now lives, all of which will, if the present Bill should pass into a Law, be rendered of little or no Value in the Petitioner's Estimation, and the said Bill will also be, in other Respects, highly injurious to the Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves,

their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think nt.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at . the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry to the Lords, Mr. Stephen the ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. to the Lord*.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill, Secre- Account of tary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the Na- Commission-tional Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; £

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to National the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Debt, pre-

The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduc- sente<L tion of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

8th Year

J-

i 6.

22.

5*

6.

7-

8.

12.

14-

19-

20,

2 i.

22.

20.

27.

28.

- 1.

12

13-

14.

15

19*

20.

21.

22.

26.

27

28

3

4

5

9

10

11

12

16,

17

18.

*3

24.

26.

30

fotal Cash received,

£. s. d.

250,000 ——

52,875 ——

20,035 ——

6,300 ——

13,720 _3 7.

THE ACCOMPT OF THE

Old S° Sea 3 per Cent. New S° Sea 3 per Cent.

Capital.

Price.

,4A0

,500

4i7°o

,300;

342^20 a 7

>000

10,100

,200

,500

42,700

74

Sums paid.

E COMMISSIONERS FOR THE WSOUVin,.

S° Sea 1751, 3 per Cent.

Capital.

iH

7«t 73

74 i 73*

77* *

76 i

771

3,587

6,850

3,283

3,489

960

7,812

3,99i

.937

10 —

5 —

2 6

15 -7 <5

1 3

10 —

31&U 11 3

10,500

6,300

8,000

9>700

1,500

4,000

2,000

Price.

73

6,350

2,000

5,100

1,425

7.000

2.000

65,875

73*

7oJ

7°*

72

72*

72*

77*

7®*

77*

'78*

Sums paid.

£. t. d.

7,665 — —

4,630 10 —

5,640 —

6,862 15

1,080

2,900

1,452

4,9«i

1,527

3,952

1,116

10 —

5 —

10 —

10 —

16 10

Capital.

1,000

5°o

6,500

3,600

5,486 5 —

1,557 10 —

48,792 11 10 .13,000

1,400

Price.

7°i

72!

78*

77 i

Sums paid.

4,712

707

360

2,821

10 —

10 —

10 —

1,090 5 _

9,69* 15 —

Consol* 3 per Cent.

Capital. Price.

10.500

4.200

10.400

2.700

5,6°o

10.400

1.000

10.600 10,709

8,600

6.000

7.000 10,800

6.000

8.700

9.400

10.600

10.500

10.300

10.200

3,9°°

10.200 10,000 10,100

10.200

10.200

10.300

10.200

8.400

10.400

10,200

8,660

276,960

73? i 73* 73* 7°l i

74

74

74

74

71

72

72J i

7* 73i i 73* 74 H 73* 74* 75* 76* 78 77*

Ilk 77f 771 77 77 76. 76J 1 76* 76* i iH

77i i

Sums paid.

d.

7.73815 -

3,102 ]£ -

7,683 ——

1»97 15 -

4,018 ——

7,540 -

7*2 10 -

7>579 -

7,597 -

6,192 -

4,348 15 -

5,098 15 —

7»9J9 15 — 4417 10 —

6,324 ——

6,873 15 -7,870 10 — 7,940 12 6 7,868 5 — 7,942 10 -3,029 15 —

7>943 5 — 7,762 10 — 7,787 12 6 7,892 5 — 7>8i5 15 — 7,880 ——

7,815 15 — 6,429 15 —

7,930 ——

7,936 15 —

77176$ 6,678 16

207,587 6 —

Reduced 3 per Cent. C'.

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Total Capital bo*. Total Cash paid.

£. £. s. d. £. £. t. d.

10,500 7,665

" 10,500 7,738 15 —

- 10,500 7,733 5 —

- 10,400 7,683

10,700 7,547 15 —

" 10,700 7,570 5 —

10,600 7,605 xo —

- 10,400 7,540

- 10,400 7,572 15 —

- 10,600 7,579

- 10,700 7,597

- 10,600 7,632

- - 10,500 7,631 17 6

- - 10,500 7,612 10 —

3,600 73$ 2,65010 — 10,600 7.749 5 —

- 10,800 7,919 15 —

- ! 10,700 7,907 5 —

- ! 10,700 7,776 10 —

- 10,700 7,834 a 6

- - 10,600 7,870 10 —

- 10,500 7,940 12 6

10,300 7,868 5 —

10,200 7,942 10 —

- 10,250 7,95i

- 10,200 7,943 5 —

- 10,000 7,762 10 —

- 10,100 7,787 12 6

- 10,200 7,892 5 —

10,200 7,8i5 15 —

10,300 7,880

10,200 7,815 15 —

- 10,400 7-957 5 —

10,400 7,930 — —

: 10.000 I 0 00 7,850 — 10,000 7,850

10,100 7,812 1 3

5,000 77* 3,856 5 — 10,100 7,808 15 —

5,000 77 3,850 — 10,200 7,841

5,200 77$ 4,043 — 10,225 7,981 6 10

7,700 77* 5,977 10,200 7,914 12 6

: 3,200 77i 2,488 — 1 10,200 7,974 5 —

i 6,90a 77* 5,340 — l 10,300 7,987 *5 —

- K -J* - 10,200 7,936 15 —

10,220 75* 1 7,73812 — 10,220 7,738 12 —

1,500 76* 1,14310 _ 10,160 7,822 6 —

58,320 I _ % 44^136 19 6 , 456,855. .342,330 3 7

3-4 Geo. III. 14° Februani.

THE ACCOMPT OF THE COMMISSIONERS FOR THE REDUCTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT — continued

D

CQ

r — fr

N'

CD

Q_

CT

Dr. Old S® Sea 3 per Cent. New S° Sea 3 per Cent. I 1 S®Sea, 1751, 3 per Cent. Consol4 3 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Reduced. c*.

ri - 98th Quarter. Total Caah Received. Capital Price. Sums paid Ca pi. Price. Sums paid. C ipita1. Price. Sums paid. \ Ca$ ital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Total Capital bo*. Total Cash paid.

r$3. £ 1. d. & £. d. £. £. 1. d. £. £. ». d. £ £. 1. dn £. . £ *. d. £ £, t. d.

April 10. To 09 k 06 Ann* Unclaimed Life D° 13.7*0 3 34,060 4 7

Expired - D* 8.134 3 —

i Year 1777 D° Quarterly Issue -Dividend on\ Reduced -J 12,500 — —

ii. 13. 950,000 — 46,650 — _

D° on Old S# Sea 96,335 — — 0

May - 3. 10,800 76 8,208 10,800 8,208

3- Ditto - - - 5,100 7 6$ 3,883 7 6 601 77$ 463 10 — 5,180 76$ 3,949 15 — 16,880 8,295 13 6

7- Ditto - - 3,000 76$ 3,391 5 — 7,800 76$ 5,967 6,000 10,800 8,258 5 —

8. L'itto - - - - 3,000 75$ 1,502 10 2,900 76 2,204 75$ 4,515 — 10,900 8,221 10 —

10. Ditto - - - - 3,600 75 1,950 — _ 8,300 75* 6,297 12 6 10,900 8,247 13 6

*4» 11,100 75$ 8,334 7 6 - 11,100 8,334 7 6

15- Ditto ... 11,100 75$ $ 76$ 8,371 15 — - 11,100 8,371 15 —

l6. 11,000 8,373 15 — - 11,000 8,373 15 —

*7- Ditto ... 11,000 75i i 8,338 2 6 . 11,000 8,338 2 6

32. Ditto - - - 11,100 75$ 8,408 5 — 11,100 8,408 5 —

33. 11,000 75$ 8,333 10 — - 11,000 8,332 10 —

34, Ditto - - 11,000 76 8,360 11,000 8,360 — —

98. Ditto - . - 8,525 76$ 6,531 13 6 2,300 76$ 1,762 7 6 - 10,825 8,284 — —

30. Ditto - - - 800 77 616 — «_ 9,9°° 76$$77 7,604 10 — - 10,700 8,220 10 —

31- Ditto -.. 8,140 77$ 6,267 19 6 2,600 "76$ 1,992 5 — 10,740 8,260 4 6

June - 5. By Stock bo* - . 10,600 7 6* 8,109 — — 10,600 8,109

6. 10,600 76$ 8,09515 — 10,600 8,095 »5 —

7- Ditto ... - - ' 4,300 76* 3,2®7 15 — 6,400 76$ 76$ 76$ 4,896 — 10,600 8,103 15 —

12. Ditto - - - 10,900 8,31115 — 10,900 8,311 15 —

13. 11,000 8,401 5 — 11,000 8,401 5 —

14. Ditto ... . 1,000 76| 763 15 _ 9,800 76$ 7,497 — 10,800 8,260 15 —

18. Ditto - - - 10,800 76$ 8,289 — 10,800 8,289

*9- Ditto - - - - 10,800 76* 8,375 10 10,800 8,275 10 —

20. Ditto 10,800 76$ 8,289 — 10,800 8,289

21. Ditto - - 4,000 7 3>70 — v — 6,800 76$ 5,22710 — 10,800 8,397 10 —

35- 10,800 77 8,316 — 10,800 8,316

26. Ditto - - - 6,700 77$ 5,167 7 6 4,000 77$ 3,090 - — 10,700 8,257 7 6

22* Ditto - - 10,700 77$ 8,26515 — 10,700 8,265 15 —

28. Ditto - - - - 7,700 77$ 5,938 13 6 3>oooo 77$ 3,31710 — 10,700 8,256 2 6

July - 2. 10,600 77$ 8,215 — 16,600 8,315

3- Ditto - - - 6,200 77$ $ 4,815 5 — 4,400 77$f78 3*25 5 — 10,600 8,340 10 —

4* Ditto --- 10,700 784 8,386 2 6 10,700 8,386 2 6

5- Ditto . - - - 3,600 78$ 2,826 — _ 7,000 78$ 5,513 10 — 10,600 8,338 10 —

9® Ditto 10,70 0 77$ 8,265 15 — 10,700 8,265 15 —

10. Ditto --- 10,700 77$ 8,253 7 6 10,700 8,253 7 6

ii. Ditto - - - 10,700 77$ 8,265 15 — 10,700 8,265 15 —

12. Ditto - - - 10,700 77$ 8,252 7 6 10,700 8,252 7 6

16. Ditto - - . 1,000 76 % 767 10 — 9,7oe 77 7,469 10,700 8,236 10 —

'I' Ditto ... 10,875 768 I 8,308 8 1 10,875 8,308 8 1

l8. 10,900 77 8,393 10,900 8,393

*9* Ditto ... 10,940 77 i$ 8,438 13 — 10,940 8,438 13 —

23- Ditto ... 10,800 77$ 8,329 10 — 10,800 8,329 10 —

24. 10,800 77$ 8,329 10 — 10,800 8,329 10 —

26. Ditto - - - 10,800 77 8,316 10,800 8,316

30. 10,800 77$ 8,343 10,800 8,343

31- 7,200 77$ 5,580 3,650 7«i 8,856 3 6 10,850 8,436 3 6

Total 28th Qv - £. 381,389 IO 7 64,500 " 49,508 3 6 12,3*5 - 9,428 17 6 j 1,000 - - 767 10 — 952,855 - - 193,629 — 7 166,530 - - 128,056 497,210 381,389 10 7

14° Februarii. 1794.

THE ACCOMPT OF THE COMMISSIONERS FOR THE REDUCTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT — [

D» Old S# Sea 3 per Cent. New S# Sea 3 per Cent. S° Sea 1751, 3 per Cent. Consol- 3 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Reduced. C'-

_ 29th Quarter. Total Cash Received. Capital. Price. Sams Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Total Capital bo1. Total Cash Paid.

*793-Aug, 2. To Dividend on! Consd - - -J D° 1751 - -D# New S° Sea 99 & 96 Ann- -Extra Grant - -Quarterly Issue £. s» d. 60,375 6,510 21,480 13,720 3 7 200,000 250,000 £. £. S. d. £. £. St dt £. 78* £. S. d. ' £. 14,200 77* £. s. d. 11,058 5 — £ £. St dt £. 14,200 £. s. dt 11,058 5 —

6. 3,aoo 2,500 11,000 78* 8,607 10 — - 14,200 11,107 10 —

7- Ditto --- 14,200 77* n.053 17 6 - 14,200 11*053 17 e

8. Ditto - - - 4,100 77$ 3,17710 — 10,045 77* 7,797 8 7 - i4*H5 10,974 18 7

9- 14,200 77* 10,951 15 — - 14,200 10,951 15 —

13- Ditto - - - 4,300 76i 3,294 17 6 500 76* 383 2 6 9,600 76* 7,368 - 14*400 11,046

i H-' 15- Ditto - - - 14,400 77 11,088 - 14*400 11,088

Ditto - - - 1,000 773 775 13,340 77* 10,338 10 — - 14,340 11,113 10 —

16. 385 14,400 77* n,i39 - 14*400 n,i39

20. Ditto - - - 6,900 77 5,313 500 77 7,000 77* 5,398 15 — - 14*400 11,096 15 —

21. Ditto - - - ... 1,700 771 1.315 7 6 76* 5,800 76* 4,451 10 — 7,000 77J 5,425 14*500 11,191 17 6

22. Ditto - - - 8,200 4,000 763 3,055 4,000 3,055 6,500 76* 4,973 10 — - - - 14*500 11,082 10 —

23- Ditto - 77 6,314 8,950 76 6,802 6,200 77* 4,781 15 — 14*400 11,095 15 —

27. Ditto - - - 5*550 76* 4*252 13 9 14*500 11,054 13 9

28. 14,400 75* 10,908 14*400 10,908 — —

a9- Ditto - - - 1,000 75* 757 10 — 3,000 75* 2,272 10 — 10,450 75* 7,928 18 9 - 14*450 10,958 18 9

30. 14,400 76* 10,970 14,400 10,970

Sept. 3. By Stock bo1 - 14,400 75* 10,916 m m m 14,400 10,916

4- Ditto - - - - 2,800 76 2,128 11,700 75* 8,804 5 — m 14*500 10,932 5 —

5- Ditto - - - 3,000 74* 2,231 5 — 11,600 74* 8,606 14,600 10,837 5 —

6. Ditto - - - 14,700 74* f 10,982 7 6 14,700 10,982 7 6

10. Ditto - - - 14,900 74* 11,145 2 6 - - m m m 14,900 11,145.2 6

11. 14,800 75 11,100 14,800 11,100

12. Ditto - - - 2,800 73* 74 2,070 12,200 73*74* 9*027 15 — 15*000 11*097 15 —

*3- Ditto - - - 15,000 74i*73f 11,102 10 — 15*000 11,102 10 —

17- 15,000 74* 11,118 15 — m m m 15*000 11,118 15 —

.18. Ditto - - 15,000 74 11,100 m m m 15*000 11,100

J9- Ditto - - - 1,000 74 740 14,000 74* 10,377 10 — m m m 15,000 11,117 10 —

20. Ditto - - - 14,900 74* i 11*050 15 — m 14*900 14,800 11,050 15 —

24. 14,800 il 11,026 11,026

25. Ditto - - - 14,800 11,044 10 — 14,800 11,044 10 —

26. Ditto - - - 14,800 74* 74* 11,013 15 — 14,800 11,013 15 —

27. 11,042 m m 14,800 11,042

Oct. 1. By Stock bo* - 14,800 74*75 11,092 10 — m m m 14,800 11,092 10 —

2. Ditto - - - 14,700 75* 11,043 7 6 m m 14,700 11,043 7 6

3- Ditto - - - 14.700 75* 11,032 2 6 14*700 11,032 2 6

4- 14,700 75 11,025 14,700 11,025 — —

8. 75* 10,986 10 — 14,600 10,986 10 —

9- Ditto - - - 14,600 75* 10,968 5 — 14,600 10,968 5 —

10. Ditto - - - 5,000 75 3,750 — 9,600 75* 7,212 74* 8,161 5 — 14,600 10,962

11. Ditto - - - 3,600 75 2,700 11,000 14,600 10,861 5 —

>5- Ditto - - - 7,000 74* 5,241 5 — 14,800 7,700 74*1 5,716 14,700 10,957 5 —

16. Ditto - - - 75 11,100 - - - 14,800 11,100 — -

17- 5,3oo m 3,983 13 6 9*500 74i 7,065 12 6 14,800 11,048 5 -

22. 12,000 8,943 15 — 2,800 73* 3,065 14,800 11,008 15

23. Ditto - - - ... 2,200 73* 1,625 5 — 12,700 14i 9,493 5 — 73* 14,900 11,118 10 *

Ditto - - - 1,000 74* 743 15 — 1,000 74* 743 15 — 3,000 74* 2,238 15 — 9*900 3*000 7,301 5 — 14*900 11,027 10 —

*9- Ditto - - - 11,200 74 8,388 73* 2,783 10 — 15,000 11,071 10 —

30. Ditto - - - MOO . 73 1,022 4,300 74 3,183 9*500 73* 6,95* 17 6 15,200 n,i55 17 6

31. 12,000 74* 8,907 10 — 3*000 73* 2,201 5 — 15,000 11,108 15 —

Total 29* Qf - 552,085 3 7 16,300 - - 12,404 12 6 40,100 - 30,409 3 6 13,200 - - 10,079 7 6 586,885 - 443,486 17 4 75,95° - 56,705 3 9 732,435 553,085 3 7

34 Geo. III. 14°

ACCOMPT OF THE COMMISSIONER' FOR THE REDUCTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT — continued.

o

eg'

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

Dr. Old S* Sea 3 per Cent. New S° Sea 3 per Cent. S" Sea 1751, 3 per Cent. Conaold 3 per Cent.

1794* doth Quarter. Total Cash Received. Capita* Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. SumrPaid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sams Paid.

£. 13,720

Oct 17. To 99 £96 Ann 3 a. 7 £. £. 4. d. £. £. t» d. £. £. s. d. £. £. 1. J.

1777 D° - -Dividend on Old! 12,500 —

6» Sea - -j 27,750 mmm F

Quarterly Issue Dividend on Re-\ 250,000 — —

duoed - - -J 50,250

Nov. 6. By Stock bor - . m 1,000 73$ 735 — 1,850 — 3,000 74$ 2,235 — —

7- Ditto - - - 3,500 74 - 8,000 74$ 5,930 — —

8. Ditto - - - 10,500 73$ 7,756 17 6

13. Ditto - - - 5,000 74$ 3,7i8 15 — -

13* Ditto - - - 4,700 73# 3,44812 6 4,000 74$ 2,975 — —

*4- Ditto - - - 10,409 74$ 7,735 — —

»5- Ditto - - - 2,000 73$ 1,465 — — 7,696 — 8,50b 74$ 6,300 is 6

19* Ditto - - - 10,400 74 — 74$

90. Ditto ... m . - 4,400 73$ $ 3,232 12 6 6,000 4,455 — —

91. Ditto - - 10,400 74$ 7,735 — —

92. Ditto - - - . 5,400 73$ 3,975 15 — 3,96115 5,000 74$ 3,7*8 15 —

'96. Ditto ... 5,300 74$ — - - - 5,000 74$ 3,743 15 —

*7- Ditto - - - - 1,000 74$ 741 5 — 9,3oo 75 6,975 — —

s9. Ditto 10,300 75 7,725 — —

>9- Ditto . m - . 2,100 74$ 1,56410 — - 3,ioo 75$ 9,336 19 6

Doc. 3. By Stock bor - 4,700 75$ 3,53615 4,000 75$ 3,005 — —

4- Ditto ... 10,000 75$ 7,511 5 —

5- Ditto.

6. Ditto - - - - 4,000 74$ 2,975 — —

10. 800 74$ 599 — —

11. Ditto - - - 2,800 ‘74‘ 2,072 — —

12.

13. Ditto - - - 4,000 74 2,960 — —

*7- Ditto - -

18. Ditto - - - 6,400 73$ 4,728 — —

19-

20. Ditto ... - 2,000 73$ 1,475 — —

*4-

31.

Jan. 2.

3- Ditto - - - - . 4,200 72$ 3,06015 — 71$ 7i$$

7- Ditto - - - 3,000 2,133 15 — 7,700 5,492 10 —

8. Ditto - - - . 6,000 1 71$ 4,305 — — 2,000 7if 1,422 10 —

9- 10,700 71$ 7,6io 7 6

10. Ditto - - - 2,800 7i$ 2,009 — — 8,005 71$ 5,693 11 1

14. Ditto - - - . - - 2,000 7i$ 1,407 10 - 5,700 70$ 4,018 IO —

15* Ditto - - - Q,8oo 70$ 6,933 10 — 1,200 70$ 841 10 —

16. 2,000 70$ 1,402 10 —

17- Ditto --- m - 5,600 O l 3,934 — — 68 j f 7,692 —

21. Ditto - - - 11,200 —

22. 6,000 68$ 4,117 10

23- Ditto - - - 2,000 68$ i,3;0 — — 8,700 68} 5,992 2 6

24. Ditto - - - - 11,200 68J 7,71+ — —

28. Ditto ... 7,000 66$ 4,66315 — 4,500 66$ $ 3>oo7 10 —

29- 30. 3K Ditto - - -Ditto . m m - 3,500 68$ 2,38+ 7 6 8,000 67$$ 5»398 15 —

By Stock bo1 - m 3,150 67$ 3,13* i 3 8,050 67$ &403 11 3

Total 30 Q* - £. 354,230 3 7 86,050 61,851 8 9 33,900 - 24,48515 — 3,800 - 2,732 »5 — 196,255 - 141,949 9 10

y» 29 " & 552,085 3 7 16,300 - 12,404 12 6 40,100 - 30,409 2 6 13,200 10,079 7 6 586,885 442,48617 4

>> 28 , - £. 381,389 10 7 64,500 m m 49,508 2 6 12,325 9,42817 6 1,000 - 76710 — 252,855 193-629 — 7

» 27 „ - £, 3+2,920 3 7 42,700 - 31,9!1 11 3 65,875 - 48,799 n 10 13,000 9,69115 — 276,960 207,587 6 —

Total 8th Year - £. 1,630,615 i 4 209,550 - - 155,67515 - 152,200 - - 113,116 6 10 31 >000 - - 23,271 7 6 11312,955 - 985,652 13 9

3 per Cent. Reduced. C'.

Capital. Price. Stubs Paid. Total C pita! bo1. Total Cash Paid.

£. £. 4. i. £. £. t. d.

6,400 73$ 4>7i* 10,400 7,68.

- 10,500 7,780

' - s 4 10,500 7,756 17 e

5> 400 73$ 3*975~ 15 — 10,400 7,694 ie —

1,800 *73* i,32J 10,500 7,7+6 it 6

10,400 7,735

- 10,500 7,765 is 6

lOyfOO 7,696

T - 10,400 7,687 12 6

m - r 10,400 7,735

10,400 7,694 to —

10,300 7»7°5 10 —

- 10,300 7>7i6 5 —

iot3go 7,725

5>oooo 74$ 3,731 5 — 10,200 7^32 7 6

1,700 74$ 1,270 15 — 10,400 7,81* 10 —

300 7+1 223 10 — 10,300 7.734 15 —

10,300 74$ 1 7,690 2 6 10,300 7,690 s 6

6,300 74$ 4,701 7 6 10,300 7,676 7 6

9*500 74$$ 7,043 5 — 10,300 7,64* 15 —

7*500 74$ 5,559 7 ® 10,300 7,631 7 e

10,300 74$ $ 7,63^ 17 6 10,300 7,639 17 6

6,400 -74$ 4,752. 10,400 7,712

10,400 -74$ 7,735- 10,400 7,735

4,000 7+ 3^60 — — 10,400 7,688

10,400 7+ 7,696 10,400 7,696

8,400 73$ 6,205.10 — 10,400 7,680 10 —

10,400 73$ 7,657 10,400 7,657

10,600 73$ 7,744- 10,600 7,744

10,600 72$ 7,724 15 — 10,600 7,794 15 —

6,400 72$ 73 4,664 10 — 10,600 7,725 5 —

10,700 7,626 5 —

2,700 7i$ 1,940 12 6 10,700 7,668 2 6

- - 10,700 7,610 7 6

10,805 7,702 11 t

3,000 71# 2,133 15 — 10,700 7,559 15 —

... 11,000 7,775

9*000 70$ 6,367 10 — 11,000 7,77

5*400 70$ 3,800 5 — 11,000 7,734 5 —

- - - 11,200 7,692

5,200 69$ 3,601 11,200 7,718 10 —

500 69$ 348 2 6 11,200 7,7io 5 —

11,200 7,714

- - - 11,500 7,671 5 —

w ... 11,500 7,783 2 6

11,200 7,541 12 6

167,900 - 123,200 15 — 487,905 354,220 3 7

75,950 - 56,705 3 9 732,435 552,085 3 7

166,530 - 128,056 — 497,210 381,389 10 7

58,320 - 44,936 19 6 456,855 .342,920 3 7

468,700 - - 352,898 18 3 2,174,405 J 1,630,615 1 4

-3

to

14° Februarii. A. 1794.

Vo l. 49.

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary

I- s. d.

500 ——

Agent

200 ——

Broker

400 ——

Clerk

80 ——

Messenger

50 ——

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges,

s* d* 20 ——

Stationary, Rent, &c.

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities,

Unclaimed and Expired Annuities Annuities for 99 and 96 Years Term of 1777 -

34,194 7 —

54,880 14

4

25,000 ——

ACCRUING INTEREST.

On £ 12,416,505 Capital

£ s.

372,495 3 —

H. Addington. W. Pitt.

Godfy Thornton. D. Giles.

P

CO

34 Geo. III. 14°

174

14P Februari'h A. 1794

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking venting into further Consideration the Report from the Com- "rt^ bein0" m*^ee of die whole House, to whom the Bill for pre-applied to the venting Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Ma-Use of the jesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons

French Go- resident in France, being applied to the Use of the recommit- Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, ted. and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr, Serjeant Watson took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Dr. Bathurst Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Bathurst, Canon to preach on of Christchurch College, in the University of Oxford, the Fast Day. jje desired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the 28th Day of this Instant February, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Edward James Eliot do acquaint him therewith.

Report Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow'eth; viz.

For rendering Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the House of That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-five Te Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, comm ous. to f{;s Majesty, to make good the like

Sum issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to an Address of the House of Lords, of the 29th Day of December 1792, for rendering

the House of Peers more commodious, by warming and ventilating the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, On Account That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Six of *be French hundred Ninety-two Pounds Four Shillings and Six Reftl8ees-Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of the suffering Refugee Clergy and Laity of France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Works That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hun- done at the dred Seventy-six Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted F fc€t nson‘ to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Works at the Fleet Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Works That a Sum, ndt exceeding Nine thousand Two hundred at Somerset Fifty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence, be Place, &c. granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Sir William Chambers, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of Works at Somerset Place, and for Fixtures at the Signet and Privy Seal Offices, and the Offices of the Dutchies of Lancaster and Cornwall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To pay Sum* That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Fourteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four &c.

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, to Joseph White, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay the Sums assessed on the Salaries of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Year 1790; and to John Wigglesworth, Esquire, to pay Arrears to

sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to the 30th Day of July 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Di#* That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Debts* con-and Eleven Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to His tracted by Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to William Mr. Tully. Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Discharge of Debts contracted by Mr. Tully, late Agent and Consul General at Tripoli.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For reporting That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Eighty- upon Losses four Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His the^Moiquito Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, at the Shore. Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to John Marsh and John Spranger,

Esquires, as a Compensation for their Trouble in enquiring into and reporting upon the Cases of Persons who sustained Losses on evacuating the Mosquito Shore in Consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain, in the Year 1786.®

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, On Account That m. Sum, hot exceeding Six hundred Sixty-nine ^cSun, ey*' Pounds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, tp make good the like Sum issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Patrick Rooney Nugent, Esquire, acting Surveyor General of Lands at Cape Breton, on Account of Surveys and other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To the Bishop That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Five hun- of Quebec; dred and Four Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like &c.

Sum issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Bishop of Quebec, for Expences in proceeding to his See; to Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse Expences in Purchasing Stationary for the Surveyor General's and Printing Offices in Upper Canada; to John Reeves,

Esquire,

34 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

17o

Esquire, for Expences in the Administration of Justice at Newfoundland; to William Esquire, to

discharge Sums due to the late Attorney General of Nova Scotia, for Grants of Lands to the Loyalists; and to the Representatives of Philip Yonge, Esquire, for Salary due to him as late Surveyor of Lands in Georgia.

For enquiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, uito the Laws, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thirty-c. of Jersey. seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as the Balance due to him on Account of the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Laws, &c. of the Isle of Jersey.

For Removal Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, buckF StaF* ^at a ^um' not exceeding Two hundred Fohy-eight uc ' Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to reimburse to Samuel Starbuc/c, Junior, who carried on the Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and who arrived at Milford Haven, in order to settle in this Kingdom, the Losses sustained by him in Consequence of the Sale of his Property by such Removal, and for his Passage.

Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, far American That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Five i>u"ererB' hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

For Foreign Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Secret Ser- That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Five vice* hundred Eighty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Six

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1793 and the 5th Day of January 1794.

Address Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Money. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Six hundred and Nineteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

To the late Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Board of That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Forty-Land Reve- three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good Officers. 6ir ^e Sum which has been issued to the late Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and their Officers, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

American Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Blast Flo- That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eleven nda Sufferers, thousand Two hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1794, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment Vo t.49.

of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1794, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expence* of That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, cution. be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For sending That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Eight f>rovlsl"ns' hundred and Twenty Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten wale*. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued for the Expences of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Campbell That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Three ^rt^"nvict3 hundred Ninety-three Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Thames. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell,

Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bradley That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Fivehun-dred Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight j^Pwts-Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make mouth, good the like Sum which has been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordina-That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight O' Expences hundred Forty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four of the A ,ut-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint, in the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, African That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, Forts, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Forpaymgoff That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Bilj8 Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and out by virtue discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of Vote of

O O A J {V J». A 1 /*

of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in- ,1rfi11 . 01 tituled, " An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the essI°n'

" Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds,

" for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and " for providing that the Governor - and Company of " the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act, made in the Fifth Year " of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on " Account of their advancing Money for the Payment " of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction " of, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,

" and made payable at the Bank of and

charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition

176 14° Februarii. A. 1794*

Turkey Com- A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-gany s Peti~ chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary, that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey, where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which together with other Expences incident to carrying on this Trade, have of late Years amounted to about £. 8,000 per Annum; and that the Petitioners acknowledge with Gratitude the several Grants they formerly received from Parliament, and, although they did not apply for farther Assistance so long as they found themselves in a Situation to support their Expences, they are sensible that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter* nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary and unavoidable Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

0

Bill to regu- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to late the Price regulate the Price to be paid to Millers for grinding

Comordered *-'orn: And ^at S'r Francis Basset and Mr. Rashleigh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Distillery ad- An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Ue8° BillDU" ^^itional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Li-IB^sed' quors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits fen*

12

Home Consumption, and uptm Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ail ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Foreign Spi-additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great rits additional Britain, was read the Third Time. ^utie? BlU

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title p be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual certain Duties Foreign Spi-on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar imported into Great nts Britain, was read the Third Time. jjui

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appropriating the Duties.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8.1.11. To leave out " from and after the " passing of this Act."

1. 20. To leave out " the Fund called."

1. 21. To leave out from " Fund" to foe End of foe Bill.

And foe said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and foe Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that foe Title be, An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry foe Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of foe Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Berrypome-Tradesmen, and others, of the Town and Borough of j^^^canal Ashburton, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of p"tition Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Cut or Canal for foe Navigation of Boats may be conveniently made from the Navigable Part of foe Rivet Dart, in foe Parish of Berryppmeroy, to, or near, the said Town of Ashburton, all in the said County of Devon', and that foe making such Canal or Cut, with proper raised and other Roads, to communicate therewith, will be attended with great Benefit and Advantage to foe Petitioners, as well as all other Persons Owners of Estates, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, not only of the said Town of Ashburton, but also all such as are, or may be situated upon, or within, a convenient Distance of the Line of foe said intended Canal, and foe same will afford a cheap and expeditious Mode of Conveyance for. Corn, Cyder, Lime, Serges, Coals, Timber, Culm, and other.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the several Places, the Situation of which may enable them to have Recourse to the said Canal: And therefore praying^ That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining foe said Cut, Canal, raised and other Roads and Ways, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to foe House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report foe same, as it shall appear to than, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, &c.:

And

G ass additional Duties Bill deterred.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Bill for repealing Duties on Gloves, &c. deferred.

Bill for repealing Duties on Burials, &c. deferred.

Indemnity Bill deferred.

Bury and Church Kirk Canal Petition, reported.

34 Geo. III. 14° — 15° Februarii. 17f.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^ranting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens, sold by Retail.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Lawr, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Mc Niven being examined, said, That the making of a Canal from, or nearly from, the Bolton and Bury Canal, in Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to.

Church Kirk, in the Coupty of Lancaster, would be of great Advantage to all Persons residing or having Manufactures in the Neighbourhood thereof, by opening an Introduction to Coal, Lime, Limestone, Stone,

Flags, and other heavy Articles, and by facilitating, at a small Expence, the Conveyance thereof, as well as of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and would not only in those but in other Respects be of Public Utility.

Then Mr. William Bennett and Mr. James Taylor being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

And Mr. Bennett and Mr. Me Niven being further examined, said, That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that such Canal is practicable to be made, and may be easily effected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Black-burne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Rochdale and Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Edenfield the Towns and Neighbourhoods of Rochdale, Bury, Pe" and Haslingden, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the High Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in divers Places so narrow and incommodious, that Carriages and Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger, and the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the ordinary Coulfce of Law; and that the amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving the said Road, will be productive of much Public Advantage, very auxiliary to the Country it passes through, and greatly promote Agriculture and Commerce: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno 34* Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

A Petition of Christopher Brunswick, was presented Brunswick'* Prayers. to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Mat.Petition.

MR. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to given to brings in a Bill for his Naturalization.

whom the Petition of the several Owners and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the County cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Palatine of Lancaster, and of several Merchants, Ma- Mr. Hobart and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the nufacturers, and Tradesmen, resident within the said same.

County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found A Petition of James Henry Leigh, Esquire, Lord of Longborough that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to the Manor of Long borough, in the County of Gloucester, Inclosure Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Reverend Thomas Leigh, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Petitlou-the Committee had examined the Matter of the said of Longborough aforesaid, and of the several other Per-Vol. 49. Z z sons,

178

15° Februarii.

A. 1794.

sons, Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, about 1,453 Acres 3 Roods and 37 Perches; and that the Petitioner James Henry Leigh is Lord of the Manor of Longborough aforesaid, and is likewise Owner of all the Lands and Estates in the said Manor and Parish (subject to Grants for Life or Lives made of Part* thereof) except Three Yard Lands, the Property of Joseph A/cock, Anthony Gisborne, Charles Mames, Hannah Alealing, Widow, and Thomas ;and

that the Petitioner, the said James Henry Leigh, is seised of Two Turns out of Three of and in the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage and Presentation, of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Longborough aforesaid, and the Right honourable George Earl of Guildford is seised of the remaining Turn of and in the said perpetual Advowson, and the Petitioner, the Reverend Thomas Leigh, is Vicar thereof, and as such entitled to all the Vicarial Tythes, and the Petitioner, James Henry Leigh, is seised of the Rectory of Longborough aforesaid, and as such entitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, arising therefrom; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common, Meadows and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespasses and much Inconvenience, and are, in their present State, of little Advantage to the Persons having Right of Common thereon, and incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it will be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if such Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof 'allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.* *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Master and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Brampton, A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe-Rl‘h.mol#1' cution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-fourth Roads Peti- Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Ma-fion. jesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East

End of Brumpton High Lane, iii the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, in the said County, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Richmond aforesaid to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley Moor, in the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which, together with the Tolls, hath been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts, but the said Money still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made in the said Acts; and that the Road branching out of Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said first-mentioned Act, in the Village of Bainbridge, in the said County of , and leading

through the Town of Hawes, and along the Vale of Widdale, to a Place called Gearstones, otherwise Grey-

12

ston, in the Parish of Horton, in the same County, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in some Parts, ami cannot be effectually amended, and made safe and commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the making a safe and commodious Carriage Road from the said Village of Bainbridge to Gearstones, otherwise Greyston, aforesaid, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons having Occasion to make Use of the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, the Term, and altering ana enlarging some of the Powers of the said Acts, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper, and for making such Provision for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road in the Village of Bainbridge aforesaid, to Gearstones, otherwise Greyston, aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr. Blackburne,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on indemnity upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Bl omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Tijne limited by Law', and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time 1 to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee., to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail, be now read. Gby«°&c.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Rill for preventing French Property being applied to the Use of the French Government passed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities reported.

Committee on Bill for repealing Duties on Registry of Burials, &c.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Seaford.

34 Geo. III. 15° — 17° 179

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *>

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 17° die Febniarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1 7 94. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port' in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth That, upon the 19th Day of March 1792, the Select Vol. 49.

Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, against the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and " Port, paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants " Housekeepers only;" and that certain Persons pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, having, on the 27th Day of January last, presented a Petition to this House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and the Petitioners, insisting that the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have determined as aforesaid, is the true Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford, therefore praying the House, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, shall be takeri into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, w as inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House w-as moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of January last, for taking into Consideration, upon Monday the 10th Day of March next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, respecting the Right of Election for the said Town and Port, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gerard Hulltnan, and William Rudolf; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

A Petition

Seaford Petition respecting the Right of Election deferred.

The Lords have passed

Hullman and Rudolf* Nat. Bill.

Corse Inclosure Petition.

Compton tn* closure Bill, presented.

Brunswick's Nat. Bill presented.

Norw ich and Aylshafti Road Bill committed.

Persent's Nat. Bill committed.

Bodeeker's Nat. Bill committed.

1&0 17° Febru . 1794*

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors, Owners, and Persons interested of and in the Lands within the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, lying in a Common called Corse Lawn. and containing about Fourteen hundred Acres; and that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, ate incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners interested therein if the same were to be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners in general, and equally so to the Public, if the said Common Land in Corse Lawn was also divided and inclosed, and allotted to (he different Persons entitled thereto, and it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners if all and singular the Lands within the said Parish of Corse were discharged of Tythe, and all Modus and Composition in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Grounds, and Common Land in Corse Lawn, and for rendering the same, and all other Lands within the said Parish, exempt from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. John Pitt and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hulhnan and for naturalizing Gerard Hullman, and William Rudolf, Rudolf's Nat. was read the First Time. read-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. HippiskyCore presented to the House, according Pilton and

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing NorthWottoa certain Moots, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and Inclus"'« being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in presen the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the respective Owners and Tintinholl Proprietors of certain Open and Common Arable Inclosure Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Parish of PeUt*"lu Tint inhull, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Parcels of Land of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Arable Fields, and Common Meadow, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present State, are incapable of being cultivated to great Advantage; and that the said Fields and Meadow would be considerably improved, and all Persons interested therein much benefited, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Arable Fields, and Common Meadow, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall deem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Coxe and Sir Francis Bassett do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Nit.. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Compton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Jodrell, Sec.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Act ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Martin Walther was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Jodrell, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir William Dolben, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Abergavenny the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, Paving, &c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, PetlLion-That the Streets and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Obstructions and Annoyances, and the Inhabitants are not well supplied with Water, and the present Market House within the said Town is very inconveniently situated, and is also greatly out of Repair; and that the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Town, and removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and providing a better Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants than at present, and taking down the said Market House, and building a new one in lieu thereof, in a more convenient Situation, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to Persons resorting to, or travelling through the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bih for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Braggc, the Marquis of Worcester, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Wentworth Earl Fitzwilliam, oid Mahon Lord of the Manor of Old Malton, in the North Riding Inclosure of the County of York, and Owner of several Lands Petition, and Tenements within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there

are,

L

Hoyland

Inclosure

Petition.

Abingdon Paving, &c. Bill presented.

Petitions in favour of the 'Warwick and Bran ns ton Canal Bill.

34 Geo. III.

17° Februarii.

181

are, within the said Manor, several Open Fields, Meadows, and Ings, and a certain Open Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Old Malton the

Property of the Petitioner and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and that the several Properties in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Ings, lie intermixed and dispersed, and if the same, as well as the said Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the Petitioner, and all other Persons having Estates in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Ings, and having Right of Common on the said Moor, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open Fields, Ings., and Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Benyon and Sir William Mordaunt Milner do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl Fitzwilliam, Lord of the Manor of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Deme, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of several Freeholders and Owners of Lands lying within the Manor and Township of Hoyland aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, cannot be cultivated to the best Advantage, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others interested, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Benyon and Sir William Mordaunt Milner do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Loveden presented to the House, according to

to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therefrom, and for otherwise improving the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Hamlets of Deritend and Bordesley, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, at or near Warwick, to the Oxford Canal at Braun-ston, in the County of Northampton: And pray-

Vol. 49.

ing, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Solihull, Ke-Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year BalaaJIHmSa of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the petition. Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Smith,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petitions re-City of York: And also, peering the

A Petition of the Ship Owners and Ship Masters, for Hull °" &c. of Newcastle and Shields, in the County of North- Docks Bill. umber land]

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at that Time, but, in consequence of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken Place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much injured by the Want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance into the same direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the Dock and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull, being very frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from Foreign Voyages, Coastwise, River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that the manufactured Goods, sent down for Exportation, frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby: And that the Petitioners, having been informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for Relief in the Premises, therefore pray the House will take into Consideration the present Restriction, Loss, and Delay hereby occasioned to the Trade and Manufacture of the Country connected with the Port of Hull, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered' to lie upon the Table.

3 A A Petition

17° Febru

Congleton

Incjosure

Petition.

Tieknall, Ashby de la Zouch, &c. Roads Petition.

18$

A. 1794.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates entitled to Right of Common upon the several Commons and Wastes in the Borough and Township of Congleton, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Borough and Township, several Commons and Wastes, whereon the Petitioners, and others, hav£ Right of Common for their Cattle at all Times of the Year; and that the said Commons and Wastes are liable to great Encroachments, and are, in their present State, of very little Benefit to the several Persons interested therein, but are capable of great Improvement, and if they were divided, inclosed, and leased, or let, and the Produce therefrom applied in Aid of the Poors Rates, and other Public Expences of the said Borough and Township, it would be of very great Advantage to the Owners of Estates therein: And therefore praying, That jLeave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and leasing, or letting, the said Commons or Wastes, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates, and other Public Expences erf the said Borough and Township, in such Manner, mid under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer -of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring m, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and others, residing in or near the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Tieknall, in the County of Derby, through Part of the Parish of Repton, in the said County of Derby, into and through the Parish of horne, in the said County, by the Old Road, by the Bull's Head Inn up Gorsley Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of

Leicester, at or near a Place there, called The Wooden Bor, to and over a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, called Ashby Woulds, in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, in a strait Direction to a Lane, called Brambury Lane, in the Township of Do-nisthorpe, in the Parishes of Netherseal and Church Gresley, in the said Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, to or near a certain Bam there, called Mr. Clark's Brambury Barn, and from the said Common, called Ashby Woulds, at or near a. Place, called Carter's Slade Bond, in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, being the most convenient Place there, over the said Ashby Woulds, in or near a strait Direction, to a certain Lane in the Liberty of Overseal, in the Parish of Netherseal aforesaid, called Overseal Upper Lane, and from the said intended Turnpike Road, at the most convenient Place of the said Common or Waste Ground, called Ashby Woulds, in or near a strait Direction, to a certain other Lane in Overseal aforesaid, called The Lower, or Short Heath, Overseal Lane, and from the said intended Turnpike Road, at or near the said Place, called The Wooden Box, over Part of the said Waste Ground, called Ashby Woulds, in the Parishes of Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, and Church Gresley, in the said County of Derby, or one of them, to and over certain Common or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Church Gresley aforesaid, called Swadlincote and Gresley Commons, or one of them, to and through the Town of Swadlincote, in the Parish of Church Gresley aforesaid, into and through Part of the Township or Parish of Church Gresley aforesaid, along a Road there, called The Bumby Road, by the bottom of Gresley Wood, to and through Part of the Township of Castle

2

Gresley, in the Parish of Church Gresley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Burton upon Trent aforesaid, to Measham, in the said County of Derby, at or near a Place, called Codify Hill, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course Of Law: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, ns to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Earl of Westmoreland and James Nen Naviga* Earl of Cardigan, and the humble Petition of the bon Petition, several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set. Proprietors of Lands between the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and Thrapston Bridge, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River Nine or " Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough,

" navigable," certain Commissioners were appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, and several Powers and Authorities were thereby granted to the said Commissioners, and they were, (amongst other Things) enabled to appoint such Person or Persons to 'make the said River navigable and passable as they should think fit; and that, by another Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the First, for making more effectual the above-mentioned Act, the Commissioners therein named were empowered to make one or more Contract or Contracts with any Person or Persons for making any Part or Parts of the said River navigable, as they should judge necessary, in order to the carrying the Navigation of the said River Nine from Peterborough to Northampton; and that, by an Indenture, bearing Date the 10th Day of September 1726, certain of the Commissioners, appointed to put tile said Act into Execution, did contract with, constitute, authorize and appoint, Robert Wright and Thomas Squire to make, and to be Undertakers for making, the said River navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and Lighters, from the said City of Peterborough to the North Bridge of Oundk, and for that Purpose to have, use, and enjoy, all Authorities, Privileges, and Powers, necessary for making, perfecting, maintaining, or keeping the said Navigation from the City of Peterborough to the said North Bridge of Oundle, and for their Charges and Expences therein to have, take, and enjoy, to and for the Use of themselves, their Heirs, and Assigns, the Tolls and Rates therein particularly mentioned; and that, by another Indenture, bearing Date the 29th Day of April 1736, certain of the said Commissioners did contract with, constitute, authorize, and appoint, the said Thomas Squire to make, and to be Undertaker for making, the said River navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and Lighters, from the said Oundle North Bridge to Thrapston Bridge, and for that Purpose to have, use, and enjoy, all Authorities, Privileges, and Powers, necessary for making, perfecting, maintaining, and keeping, the said Navigation through and from the said Oundle North Bridge unto the said Bridge of Thrapston aforesaid, and for his Charges and Expences therein, to have, take, and enjoy, to and for the

Falding-wwth Inclosure Petition.

Win wick Inclosure Petition.

34 Geo. III. 11?

183

the Use of hims£l£ hfe Heirs, and Assigris, the Tolls and Rates therein particularly mentioned, and by virtue Of the said Acts of Parliament, and the said Indentures^ the said River Nine o was made navigable fmm the said City of Peterborough to oar near Thrapston Bridge aforesaid; and thalt thi Powers, by the said' Act granted to the said Commissioners for the good and orderly Usage of the saddi Navigation, have, in several Instances, been found in sufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, and for Want of due and proper Exercise of some of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners at the Time the said Contracts were made und entered into, and the said River made navigable from Peterborough to Thrapston Bridge aforesaid, additional Difficulties have arisen, and the Petitioners are advised, that it is expedient and necessary that seme further Powers and Remedies should be given for better carrying the said Acts into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to 'send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord and the humble Petition of the ReverendHutchin, William Clarke, Hugh Osbume, and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands'and; Grounds in the Phrish/of Faldtngworrth, in the County of Lincoln, w&s presented1 to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, several.Open, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, for the most Part, inconveniently situated, and it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing me said Open and Commonable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Simon Yorke, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. *'

Pelham, do prepare, and bring iri, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were: divided and) inclosed, it would be' very advantageous to the Parties; interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to1 bring.in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, tinder such: Regulations as the House shalldireet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Mr. Powys, Mr. Dickins, the Earl Ludlow, and Mr. Lancelot, Brown, do prepare; and bring in, the same.

Vol. 49.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Attornies resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties Bill upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp e erred> Duties, on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the for re" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for j^tlefon repealing the Stamp Duties on: Gloves and Mittens Gloves, &c. add by Retail, was committed, the Amendments reported, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which; they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for re-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Registryof Marriages, and Christenings, was committed, the Burials, &c. Amendments which the Committee had made to the reported. Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill) with the Amendments, in at the- Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Indemnity Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported, indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Mem- bers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time' to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Commitee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr from Account of the Inspector' General of the Imports and Exports of k*nen ^aru Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in;

an^j presented.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities passed.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill deferred.

Leeds, Harrogate, and Ripon Roads Petition reported.

184 17° Februariu . 1794.

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Linen Yam imported at Leith, Newcastle, Stockton, Hull, and London, in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Trustees for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures " of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches u (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the " other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge)

" to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of " Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the " County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or " Ruts, on the said Moor," another passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain- and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and the other, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the above recited Acts, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Comer of Hutton Moor, and from the East Ehd of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Charles Harrison being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money due be repaid, unless the

Terms of the said Acts are continued, and some of the Powers altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Comer of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid: And that Sir John Ingilby and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ®«Port of Report which was made from the Committee, to whom th^A«Sgnea the Petition of John Arkley, John Satchell, and William of Messrs.

Thornton, Assignees of the Estate and Effects of Freeman and

Freeman and Thomas Grace, Bankrupts, was referred; Grace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and The Lonk Mr. Spranger: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, fnstMt on

The Lords have- commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Hast-House, That their Lordships will proceed further in ings's Trial, the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday, the 24th Day of this Instant February, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bill to extend upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon the Manche*-Wednesday next, the Bill for making and maintaining g"lton' a Navigable Canal from the Manchester', Bolton, and canal'to' Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place Sladen and called Hinds's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, by Rochdale Red Moss, and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or near to Sladen; deferred-and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 5th Day of March next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Counsel on Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Manchester, Petition in the County Palatine of Lancaster, which was pre- ^aiDBt sented to the House upon Wednesday last, might be Brigand again read. Castle Field

And the same being read accordingly; Canal Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered;

Petition in favour of Saint A Iban and Watford Canal Bill.

Southwark Woolcombers Petition.

Member added to bring in Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill presented.

Aroesby Inclosure Bill committed.

34 Geo. IIL

17° Febriidrii.

185

Ordered, That it-be ah Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said ' Bill, against the said .‘Petition.

A Petition of the' Mayof and Aldermen of tKe Borough of Saint Albany in the County of and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for inakiftg a Navigable Cut from the Townof Saint-Alban, to communicate with The Grand- Junction Navigation at in the County of Hertford: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. *" .

A Petition of the Woolcombers residing and being in the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Invention of a‘Machine for combing of Wool, which dimi-. 'nlshes Labour in an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become-a.heavy Burthen to the State, it Up* pearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner:. And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition bd referred to the ' Consideration of the Committee, to' whom the several Petitions presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the coinbing of Wool, are referred.

‘ Ordered, That. Mr. Charles be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for ipipitiving the Drainage of the Middle, and South Levels, Part of the Great Level -of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouzc, in the County of Norfolk, draining thro.ugh the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and- for. altering and improving the Navigation of the said- River Ouzc, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of- Wig Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the' Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to, the River Ouzey in the County* of Norfolk, draining through the same- to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from oi; near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd Time.

‘ Ordered,.That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant February.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas-Vot. 49.

tures, and Other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish erf Amesby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. , Mr. Wilbeiforce, &c..: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in- the Speaker's. Chamber.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to BiHtoexteM Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors *Jie Lancaster of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to extend such NaT p^*' vigation,' by making and maintaining a Navigable sen ted. Canal-from the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, at or neap a certain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join, the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater in the parish of Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line ‘ of the said Lancaster. Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes: And the same whs received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' ' r.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Lancaster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Liverpool have been empowered, by. Act of Parliament, to make Canal Navi-a Canal from Kirkby Ketulal, in the County of West- gationBiU.

morland,. to West Houghton, in the County -of Lancaster, called The Lancaster Canal Navigation, in the Completion of which they have made, a considerable Progress, and are proceeding with all possible Effect, and such Navigation, when effected, will be productive of many great Advantages to the Public, as well as of Benefit to the Adventurers ‘therein; and that an Application hath lately been made to the House, by the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, for Leave, amongst other Things, to vary the Line of their Canal Navigatiop from Leeds to Liverpool, and Leave hath been given to bring in.a Bill for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Manner in which such Variation is proposed to be executed will be, in a great many Respects, injurious to ' the Interests of the.Petitioners in their said Navigation, be productive of many Obstructions to their Progress in completing thq, same, arid will materially affect the Use and- Enjoyment of their said Navigation when completed; and, the Petitioners (exclusive of their own particular Apprehensions as to their especial Interests) conceive that there is not to be'found in the said Application, or in the Bill founded, or to be founded, thereon, any Principle of Public Utility of sufficient Importance to entitle the said Proprietor's of the nd Liverpool

Canal to be permitted to desert the Line they are already entitled to, or to obstruct or run parallel with that which the'Petitioners are in Possession of: And therefore praying, That they may be heard; by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Pro- prietors of the Canal Navigation from to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the- Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from, the River Ribble to Wigan,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act,. passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, be ' read a Second.Time.

A Bill for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Buckingham, Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the Aylesbury, County' of Buckingham, to communicate with the The '

Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by ^[1 com-

3 B an raitted.

186 . 17° Febniarii. 1794*'

an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amend-. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ing the said Act, was read a Second Time. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it.

Mr. Powys, Ac..:. And they are to meet this Afternoon, shall appear to them, to the House:

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. And it. is referred to Mn. 4 Mr. Adam, Ac..:

' And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Glasgow, A Petition of the Persons whoset Names tyre there- the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power Renfrew, ami unto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lpnerk gnd Renfrew, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Drayton to Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Igwh of " An Act to continue the Terms of Two.Ac.tS, made in ton in Hales, in the County of Salop, and the Town of KcWltodthe Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Whitchurch, in the same County, and Parts adjacent, tion.

" Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,'

" for repairing several Roads leading into the ‘City That the Roads between the Market' Towns of Drayton.

" of- Glasgow, so far os the same relate to the Roads in Hales and Whitchurch aforesaid, are very circuitous,

" from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew narrow, intricate, and inconvenient; and that the Trade ' " Bridge, to she Thr, ee Mile House, to the Town of and Commerce of the said Towns and Countries adjacent " Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbak to the will be much benefited- and considerably increased, .

" Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and it. will be of great Public. Utility, if a nearer, more

" and Renfrew,"' certain Trustees were authorized to direct, and convenient Communication than the present, survey, order, repair, and keep in Repair, the Road from was made between the said Towns: And therefore-, the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side.of the prayifig, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill „ Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park- for making, altering, widening, amending, and keeping

house, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and in Repair, a Road from the said Market Town of from Parkhouseto the Three Mile House;in the County Drayton in Hales, to the said Market„Town of

of Lanerk, and sundry Powers were thereby given to the church, both in the said County of Salop, under such said Trustees, particularly to borrow certain Slims of Regulations, and subject to such Provisoes, as to the-Money -upon the Credit of -the Tolls to be. collected House shall seem meet.

on the said Roads; and that great Progress has been That the said Petition be referred , to the-

made in making, repairing,. and widening the said Consideration of- a Committee: And that they do ex-Roads, but the same, cannot be effectually made, re- 'amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it paired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said shall appear to them, to the House:

Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, been- And it is referred to Sir Hill, Mr. Hobart,

larged, and further and other Powers.'granted: Arid Ac.: And they- are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at therefore praying, That Ledve may be given to bring Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and nave in a Bill for extending and enlarging the Term, and Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. . altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present A{r. Hobart reported from the Committee, who Were Militia Majesty, in as. far as' respects the Road from the Toll appointed tp prepare an Estimate erf the Charge of the Estimate House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1794; to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accord-to near the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and ingly, which they had directed him to report to the from Parkhouse to near Three Mile House, in the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, re- wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Road6. '

ESTIMATE of the Charge of she Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1794.

' £>' e. d.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men - - . 28,784

Cloathing for D® - - - V 30,840 -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants -. - - -. - - - 18,781 — —

Cloathing for D® - - . - - - . - 3,598

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers - - - 4,690 — —

Cloathing for D® - -. - - - - 1,028 —

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals - - - 12,521 — —

D® - - D® to 66 Adjutants - 7,195 — —

Twenty-eight Days Pay to the several Officers - - - - 8,700. — —

. ‘ Team 116,137

Ordered,

34 Geo. UL

17° — 18° Februarii:

187'

Ordered,

able.

That the said Report do lie upon the

Supply

deferred.

A»ys and Meanfc deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

... Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, to consider, further of Ways and* Means for raising' the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aberdeen Paving, &c. Petition.

‘Martis, 18° die Febrilarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III"* Regis, 1794.. '

Prayers. *

A PETITION of the Provost; Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the Houses, and read; Setting forth, That ' the City of Aberdeen has, of late Years, greatly in- creased in Buildings and Inhabitants, and the Avenue*/ Streets, Lanes, and 'other Passages, leading to and within the said City, am not properly paved, lighted, and cleansed, and 'several of die Streets and Avenues' are too narrow, and of difficult Access, and require* to-be enlarged and altered, and new Roads and Avenues,* more direct and commodious, made in their Places, and all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein removed, nor is the said City sufficiently sup-, plied with fresh and wholesome.Water; and that it would be greatly for the Safety of the said City, if all PersOps within the same were prohibited from keeping, at any one Time, in their Houses, Shops, or Warehouses,-more than a certain Quantity of Gunpowder: ' . And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before-mentioned, under such Regulations, and in such- Manner,- as to- the House shall, seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And-that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, &c.And they, are to meet To-morrpW Morning, at Nine- of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber ;> and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rochdale Mr. Blachburne reported from the' Committee, to

and Edenfiehl whom the Petition of the-.Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Road Pe- holders, Merchants,' Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhoods of Rochdale, Bury, and Haslingden, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed hinri-to report the same, as it appeared to them; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thotna's Ferrand being examined, - said, That the &igh Road leading from- the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Edettfield, in the Parish of 'Bury^ in- the said County/ Vox.. 4Q.

tition refuted.

is in a ruihous Condition, wjd in divers Places so narrow and incommodious, that Carriages and Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger, and the said. Road *

- cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BjH for amending, , widening, altering, diverting, and improving the Road leading from' the Town of Rochdale to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parjsh of Bury, all . in the County Palatine of Lancaster And that Mr.. Blackburne.and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same. *.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the -Common and Clayton-J*-" Waste Grounds , within the Manor or Township of Moors inclo-Claytoh-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the ®ure Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lan- cwn, ni caster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill J>e committed to Mr. Blackburne, Mt. Thomas Stanley, kc.: And they are to m feet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. . *

A Petition of* Mary Wright, Spinster, Owner of Compton the Manors of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, Beauchamp and Knighton, otherwise Knightington, in the Parish of.

'. Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County ^^Pethiom of Berks, and of a very great Part of the Lands within' the Manors 'and Parish aforesaid, wds presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are,'

within the said Manors and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Waste, arid other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which are. capable of very considerable Improvement, if divided into specific Shares* and Allotments amongst the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying,.That Leave may be 'given to bring fh a Bill for those Purposes, under Such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Tracer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Loveden do prepare, arid bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing certain Shflton In-Common Fields, Downs,-and Commonable Lands, in closure Bril the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks, com,m was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Loveden, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at* Five of the Clock,* id she Speaker's Chamber. *>

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Birmingham to whom the' Petition of the several Persons, whose ff?, St0£e Names are . thereunto subscribed, being' Trustees for putting in Execution' Three Acts of Parliament, passed ported, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign* of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to* a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said* County/ was referred That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative . to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that . the Committee had examined the -Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is. as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the -said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Gem being examined, said, That great '

Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road,

by

188

18* Februarii.

A. 1794.

by which a considerable Debt hath been contracted, but several Parts thereof still retrain narrow and incom-

- modious, and in a ruinous and bad Condition That the said Debt cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually amended and kept ‘ in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Pow ers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill- to enlarge the Jerms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign- of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years, of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in' the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And, that Sir John Mordaunt and Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe do "prepare, tmd bring in, the same.

Warwick The Order of the Day being read, for the Second and Braun- Reading of the Bill for malang and maintaining a Na-Mlcom*- vigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Bir-mitted. mingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in

the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of.

in the County of Northampton;

And the House being informed,- that the several ' Persons who petitioned this House upon the x ith and . 14th Days of this Instant February, praying to be' heard, by their Counsel, against the said- Bill, did-not desire to be heard in this Stage- oT the Bill; i.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr . George Villi&c.: And they, are to meet-this Afternoon, at Five- of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to haye Voices.

South Kelsey A Petition of Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, lncluaure and the several other Persons, whose Names are there- lon' unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors* of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common, and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Carr Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That there are, within the said Manor, divers Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste Grounds, and other Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present State are incapable of proper Cultivation and

any considerable Improvement, but it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all Persons interested therein, if. the Same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a. Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste Qrounds, and other Lands, within the said Manor, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Shackage in and over the same, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem rpeet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

.pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thor old and Mr* Heathcote to prepare, and bring in, the same, v

Petitions re- A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, Manu-specting the facturers, and others, of Gainsborough, in the County for Hutf0" *of Lincoln, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And Docks Bill. ?lso,

.A Petition of the Ship Owners, Masters of Ships, and others interested in Shipping, at , in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in th£

County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, concerned in the Import and Export Trade of this Country;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty'? Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at that Time, but, in Consequence of the great.

Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken Place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and' the Trade of the Country is much injured by the Want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only, an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the' Dotk and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull,' bang very frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from-Foreign Voyages, Coastwise, River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that the manufactured Goods, sent down for Exportation by the Petitioners, frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby:

..-And that the Petitioners, having been informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the

House for . Relief in the Premises, therefore

pray the House will take into Consideration -

the present Restriction, Loss, and Delay, here-1 by' occasioned to the Trade and Manufacture of the Country connected with the Port of

Hull,- and to grant such Relief as to them shall' seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Heathcote, Widow', F.mpinsf.

and John Heathcote, Esquire, Guardians and Trustees j]1' !°.sure of the Person and Estates of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, of 1 ctiUou*

Normanton, in the County of Rutland, Baronet, (a Minor,) the Reverend William Salisbury, B. D. Prebendary of the Prebend of Emp the said County (a Peculiar founded in the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in' L and the Reverend John Wilson, B. A. Vicar -of the said Parish Church and V icarage of Empingham, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in' the County of Rutland, certain Open and Common'

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, containing to-

gether, by Estimation, 3,700 Acres; and that the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote is-Lord of the Manor of Empingham aforesaid, and sole Proprietor of the said Lands within the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, excepting certain Lands belonging to the said Reverend William Salisbury; in Right of his said Prebend, and certain other Lands belonging to

the- said Reverend John Wilson, in Right of the said Vicarage; and that the said William Salisbury, in Right of his said Prebend, is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and the Rectorial or Great Tythes arising and growing within the Parish of Empingham, and the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote is his Lessee for the same, for the longest of Three Lives; and that the said John Wilson, in Right of his said Vicarage, is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and small Tythes arising and growing within the said Parish of Empingham; and that it would be a great

Convenience

i-

34 Geo. III.

18° Pebrm

189

Convenience and Advantage, to the Parties interested, if the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, which are now intermixed and dispersed*

were to be inclosed, and specifically divided and allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Interests therein; and that the Lands of the said Sir Gilbert in

the said Lordship and Parish of lie near

and adjoining to his Lordship of , lately

inclosed, ana to his Old Inclosures in the Lordship and Parish of Hambleton, all in the County of Rutland, and, in order for the effectuating sundry Improvements which are now making upon his Estate around his House at Normanton, it would be convenient to have a Power of making "some Exchanges of Lands, Tythe Rents, or other Hereditaments, within the said Territories: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of flmpingham, and for enabling the said Sir Gilbert

'Heathcote to make such Exchanges, and for all the Parties using and enjoying the same, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Heathcote and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wolver- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Ivete^Bank t^lereunt0 subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and p*. others, Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in titkm. the County of Stafford, and Owners and Occupiers of Estates in tire several Parishes of Wolverhampton, hall, Codsall, Brewood, and in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Wolverhampton to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill aforesaid, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St Alban and A Bill to enable the Trustees for the Care of the

Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Ridge, and South

Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to change the Course of the said Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, favour of and Manufacturers, of the Town of Leeds, in the Brid^and County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Caatle Field was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Canal Bill. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Leave to cut and maintain a Navi-Vol. 49.

gable Canal from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, by Wav of Todmorden,

Littleborough, Rochdale, Chadderton, and to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridge-water, at or near Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with several Navigable Branches therefrom: And praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Lockwood, Gentleman, the Re- Walkingtoa verend Henry Shepherd, Clerk, Thomas Wallis, and inclosure John Fenby, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Petitlwu several Open Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and other Estates, within the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lie so intermixed and dispersed* and are in general so situate, as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient and expensive, but, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Walkington aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

bring in, the same. *

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was respectingtbe ferred to consider of the Report which was made from ^et‘t‘on from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Arkley,

John Satchell, and William Thornton, Assignees of the Freemau and Estate and Effects of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace. Grace, Bankrupts, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gan-dasequi, an Alien, and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect erf the Alienage.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman

of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien, and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Main-waring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Morning next," in order to insert the Word " Sevennight," instead thereof.

3 C And

Bill forabo-lishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves presented*

Goc Ie

Copies of Articles for taking the Hanoverian Troops into British Pay present-

190 18° Februarii. A. 1794.

Apd the said Motion, and proposed Amendment, were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Copy of the Preliminary Articles for taking into

British Pay a Body of His Majesty's Electoral Troops: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return of His Majesty's Hatioverian Forces taken into the Employ of Great,

" from 2 2d February 1793 And also,

A Copy of the Article of Agreement relative to an additional Body of His Majesty's Electoral Troops to be taken forthwith into the Pay of Great Britain.

And the Titles of the said Papers were redd.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

PRELIMINARY ARTICLES relative to a Body of His Majesty £ Hanoverian Forces, consisting of Eight Regiments of Cavalry, of Fifteen Battalions of Infantry, and of a Detachment of Artillery (specific States of which are hereunto annexed) which are to be taken into the *Pay of Great Britain, and employed upon the Continent, on such Service as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

1st. These Troops are to Serve and to be employed in Europe only.

lid. The Extent of their Pay, and of all other Allowances, Privileges, and Advantages, being dependent upon the particular Country in which they may be employed, is to be governed by established Precedent, and the fixed Tariff, or Ordonance, declared and confirmed by His Majesty for the Use of His Electoral Troops, on Emergencies similar to die present, and on all Occasions where they are called upon to serve out of their own Country.

IHd. Their said Pay is to commence from the 22d Day of February 1793, being the Day on which the Orders for their March were given; and is to be continued to them for the Space of Three Months after their Return to their own Country.

During the Time they shall be employed on this Service, they are to perform all Duties in common with the other Troops, with which they may occasionally serve, in Proportion to their Numbers; and their Officers are to take Rank on all Duties and Commands According to Seniority of Commission, in Conformity to the general Rules established in all Armies.

IVth. They are to have their own Chaplains, and to be allowed the free Exercise of their Religion, according to the Rites and established Modes of Worship of the German Church.

Vth. In all Cases of Military Delinquency, the Offenders are to be tried, judged, and punished by their own Martial Law and Articles of War: And the Officers commanding the different Regiments, as well as the Commanding Officer of the whole Corps, shall be enjoined to adhere strictly to the said Martial Law and Articles of War; and to take Care that the same be, on all Occasions, duly observed by the Officers and Soldiers under their Command.

Vlth. It being very remote from His Majesty's Intention to suffer His Electoral Military Chest to reap any pecuniary Profit or Advantage from the Circumstance of this Corps of His Hanoverian Troops passing upon the present Emergency into the British Service; it is on the other Hand but reasonable and just, and must accordingly be understood, that Great Britain is to defray all such Expences as may be found necessary for enabling the said Corps to take the Field, as well as for its Maintenance and Support during the Time it remains in the British Service upon an equal Footing with the Troops of any other Nation with which it may be destined to serve; and in particular, that not only a reasonable and fair Allowance shall be made for supplying die Deficiencies whlfch must necessarily be occasioned in His Majesty's Electoral Army by the Employment of this Corps out of His own German Dominions, but that due Provision shall also be made for recruiting and keeping it complete so long as it remains on that Service, and for malring good such Losses as it may sustain in Action, according to the present Practice in other Armies.

Vllth. It is stipulated further, that such Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men as may become disabled by Wounds, or other Casualties happening to them, while actually in the British Sendee, shall be allowed the usual Pensions at the Expence of Great Britain; which said Pensions are moreover to be paid to them in their own Country, upon authentic and satisfactory Certificates of their Existence and Identity being, from Time to Time, produced by His Majesty's Hanoverian Chancery of War.

prosvenor Square, 4th March 1793. Alvensleben.

RETURN

34 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

191

RETURN of His Majesty's Hanoverian Forces, taken into British Pay 22d February 1793.

Articles for taking the Hanoverian Troops into British Pay.

His Royal Highness the Duke of York to have attached to his Person (besides Two English Aides de Camp) One Secretary and One Surgeon.

4* 1 Aide de Camp, with the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel.

1 Major of Engineers.

1 Captain of Cavalry J the Quality of Aides de Camp.

STAFF.

1 Commanding General, Freytag, Commander in Chief of the Electoral Forces.

1 Lieu* General of Cavalry.

1 - - - - of Infantry.

2 Major Generals of Cavalry.

4 - - - - of Infantry.

I - - of Artillery.

1 Adjutant General, and a Non-commissioned Officer as Assistant to him.

1 First Adjutant to the General, with the Rank of Major.

Aidd.t.rcfCr^j c>pB,ls

4 - - - - to the Two Lieutenant Generals.

6 - - - - to the Major Generals.

1 - - - - to the Major General of Artillery.

2 Majors of Brigade, One of the Cavalry and One of the Infantry 2 Adjutants of Brigade, Non-commissioned Officers (Serjeants).

1 Quarter Master General, Lieu* Colonel.

6 Engineers.

6 Guides.

1 Staff Secretary.

1 Clerk.

1 Judge Advocate General.

1 Clerk.

1 Chaplain to the Staff (Field Inspector).

1 his Clerk.

1 Physician.

1 Surgeon.

1 Waggon Master General.

1 Staff Quarter Master.

1 Staff Suttler — 6 Rations per day, and no Pay.

To be added to the Staff:

For His Royal Highness Prince Ernest, 2 Aides de Camp of Cavalry - - Captains.

For His Royal Highness Prince Adolphus, 2 Aides de Camp of Infantry - Captains.

Vo t. 49.

A Regiment

192

18e Februarii. A. 1794,

Article* for taking Hanoverian Troop* into British Pay.

A Regiment of Horse, of Two Squadrons.

STAFF:

l Commander, or Colonel i Lieutenant Colonel

l Major....

l Regimental Quarter Master (Paymaster).

1 Adjutant.

2 Squadron Surgeons, or Surgeons Mates.

1 Staff Trumpeter.

2 Squadron Trumpeters.

10

I have no Troops.

Another of Two Squadrons:

1 Colonel " ' " 1 l Lieutenant Colonel > have no Troops, l Major - - - - J l Regimental Quarter Master.

1 Adjutant

2 Squadron Surgeons.

1 Staff Trumpeter.

2 Squadron Trumpeters.

10

Four Squadrons have between them,

i Regimental Riding Master (Lieut, or Comet), l Chaplain, l Judge Advocate.

1 Regimental Surgeon, l - - Farrier, l Waggon Master, l Sadler, l Provost.

8

Men — Staff of Four Squadrons - - - - 28

Staff of Eight Squadrons ----- -- 56

Four Squadrons of Light Horse have, besides the above, One Gunner 29 Staff of Sixteen Squadrons - - - 113

Each Squadron consists of,

2 Captains.

2 First Lieutenants.

4 Second Lieutenants.

4 Wacht Masters (Serjeants).

2 Quarter Masters.

2 Company Riding Masters (Rank and Pay of Corporals).

8 Corporals.

1 Farrier.

2 Trumpeters.

123 Privates.

One Regiment - 300

Seven more ----- -- 2,100

Staff.....' "3

Total Cavalry - " 2>5*3

Two

34 Geo. Ill

18° Februarii.

193

Two Divisions of Artillery, consisting of 2o Six Pounders.

Artillery - Eight Howitzers of Pounds.

Four D* of 30

Mounted Artillery - - Four Cannons of 30 Pounds.

Two Howitzers of 7 Pounds.

Article* for taking Hanoverian Troon* into Britun Pay.

STAFF.

1 Chief — the General before-mentioned in the General Staff.

2 Majors.

2 Regimental Adjutants.

1 Paymaster.

1 Chaplain.

1 Judge Advocate.

1 Secretary.

1 Surgeon Major.

4 Surgeon's Mates, l Drum Major.

1 Qeugschruber (Keeper of the Stores).

4 Qeugwaiters (Clerks of the Deliveries).

4 Assistant Clerks.

1 Armourer.

2 Assistants.

l Master Cooper.

1 Journeyman.

1 Provost

30

Two Divisions.

4 Captains.

1 Captain by Brevet

2 Captain Lieutenants.

4 Lieutenants.

15 Second Lieutenants and Ensigns.

16 1st Fireworkers.

60 2d Fireworkers.

7 Fouriers.

14 Assistants.

14 Drummers.

432 Bombardiers and Cannoniers.

569

30 Staff.

599 Total of Artillery.

The Marching Artillery.

1. Mounted Artillery.

1 Train Captain - - - formerly Stall Master.

3 Serjeants - - - - Under Stall Masters.

8 Corporals - - - - Schaffers.

1 Surgeon's Mate.

1 Farrier, and his 1 Mate.

I Waggon Master.

1 Harness Master.

3 Mechanicks.

9 Journeymen.

110 Men, and 309 Horses,1

----- > ready to march immediately.

Total 139 Men, and 309 Horses,!

V01. 49.

3 D

Cavalry

A. 1794.

194

18" Februarii.

Articles for taking Hanoverian Troops into British Pay.

Cavalry continued.

2 In a State of Forwardness.

1 Train Captain.

4 Officers.

2 Waggon Masters.

12 Serjeants.

34 Corporals.

3 Harness Masters.

6 Mechanicks.

l8 Journeymen.

1 Train Surgeon.

2 Surgeon's Mates.

2 Farriers.

2 Journeymen.

345 Men, and 1,005 Horses.

Total 432 Men, and 1,005 Horses.

3. Reserve for transporting the Ammunition of the Infantry and Regimental Artillery; likewise the Ammunition of the Cavalry, and the Waggons belonging thereto.

1 Major, commanding the whole Train.

1 Captain by Brevet, as Paymaster.

2 Train Officers.

1 Waggon Master.

4 Serjeants.

12 Corporals.

1 Harness Maker.

3 Mechanicks.

9 Journeymen.

1 Surgeon's Mate.

1 Farrier.

1 Journeyman.

171 Men. 492 Horses

Total 208 Men. 492 Horses.

4. For transporting the Ammunition of the Reserve for the Artillery.

1 Train Officer.

1 Waggon Master.

2 Serjeants.

6 Corporals.

1 Harness Master.

3 Mechanicks.

9 Journeymen.

1 Surgeon's Mate.

1 Farrier.

1 Journeyman. 163 Men. 468 Horses.

189 Men. 468 Horses.

Add N° 2. - 432 1,005

Total of I fl M N"2.3.&4.j8 9 M 1,965 Horses.

A Regiment

18° Februarii

195

34 Geo. III.

A Regiment of Foot, of Two Battalions, of Four Companies each.

S T A F F:

Article* for taking Hanoverian Troops into British Pay.

1 Colonel - -1

1 Lieutenant Colonel >

2 Majors - -J

1 Regimental Quarter Master (Paymaster).

2 Adjutants, l Chaplain.

l Judge Advocate, l Regimental Surgeon.

1 Drum Major.

8 Musicians, or Hautbois.

2 Provosts, l Gunner.

l Waggon Master.

19

Regimental Artillery.

1 Officer.

2 Serjeants.

4 Corporals.

32 Privates.

19 Staff.

58 Total.

One Company.

1 Captain.

1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Ensign.

1 Feldwebell.

2 Serjeants.

2 Non-commissioned Officers.

5 Corporals.

1 Surgeon's Mate.

3 Drummers.

14 Lance Passades.

124 Private.

Total 156

One Battalion, or Four Companies - - -; - 624 Men.

One Battalion more 624

1,248

Staff and Artillery ----- -- 58

One Regiment - - - 1,306

Note. — One of the Surgeon's Mates, a Battalion Surgeon.

Vol.49.

A Battalion

196

18° Februarii. A. 1794.

4 . k . - . v

Articles A Battalion of Grenadiers, of Four Companies.

for taking Hanoverian

Troops into STAFF:

British Pay.

i Major, commanding the Battalion, l Adjutant, l Staff Founder, l Provost

4

A Company of Grenadiers,

1 Captain.

2 First Lieutenants.

2 Second Lieutenants.

1 Fieldwebel.

2 Serjeants.

2 Non-commissioned Officers. 6 Corporals.

1 Surgeon's Mate.

2 Fifers.

3 Drummers.

16 Lance Passades.

138 Grenadiers.

Total 176

Four Companies - - - - .704

Staff..... 4

One Battalion of Grenadiers - - 708

A Brigade of Grenadiers, of Three Battalions.

STAFF:

1 Regimental Quarter Master (or Paymaster).

1 Chaplain.

1 Judge Advocate.

1 Surgeon Major.

1 Gunner.

5

Artillery of One Brigade of Grenadiers.

1 Officer. ‘

3 Serjeants.

6 Corporals.

48 Private.

58

5 Staff.

63 - - Add Three Battalions, each 708 Men: 3 Batt* 2,124

2,187 Total.

Recapitulation

34 GrEo. III.

18° Febru

197

Recapitulation of the whole Infantry

Three Battalions of Grenadiers, each 708 - 2,124

Staff and Artillery of the Brigade ..... 63

Grenadiers - - - 2,187

Six Regiments of Infantry, of Two Batt*, Staff included, 1,306 Men each - 7,836

Total of the Infantry 10,023

Article* for taking Hanoverian Troops into British Pay.

One Division, of Pioneers j to consist of,

1 Serjeant 1 Corporal. 1 Drummer 15' Pioneers.:

18 Men.

For transporting the above, and Two portable Bridges, are required 8 Horses, 2 Servants.

One Waggon for the transport of Tents, &c. 1

10 Horses, 3 Servants.

4 Tents for the Non-commissioned Officers and Pioneers. 1 - - for the Servants.

5 Tents.

ARTICLE of AGREEMENT, relative to an additional Body of His Majesty's Electoral Troops, to be taken forthwith into the Pay of Great Britain.

It having been found expedient for the Public Service to augment the Corps of Hanoverian Troops now serving in the Pay of Great Britain in Flanders; and His Majesty having accordingly been pleased to order this Augmentation, a State of which is hereunto annexed, to be completely equipped, and in Readiness to take the Field, at the Opening of the next Campaign; it has in consequence thereof been agreed upon, and is hereby made known and declared,

That this additional Corps of Hanoverian Troops shall be put, in all Respects, upon the same Footing with that which is at present employed in the British Service; and shall enjoy the like Advantages, Privileges, and Emoluments of every Kind, as were granted to the said Corps, and are particularly detailed and specified in the Preliminary Articles relative thereto, agreed upon and signed the 4th Day of March 1793; which Articles are deemed to be hereby confirmed and extended to this additional Corps, in full Force, and to the same Effect, as if herein inserted Word for Word.

And as this additional Corps is engaged to march from Hanover as early as possible in the Month of February next, so as to join the Army in Flanders in the Month of March following, it is therefore agreed, that its Pay is to commence from the Twenty-second Day of January 1794.

Grosvenor Square, the 7th of January 1794.

(Signed) Alvensleben.

Vol. 49.

3 E

STATE

198

18° Februarii.

A. 1794

Article* for taking Hanovenan Troops into British Pay.

STATE of the Additional Body of Hanoverian Troops, taken into the Pay of Great Britain.

Two Regiments of Foot, of Two Battalions each:

Staff -

Sixteen Companies, at 156 each Artillery attached to the Regiments

33

a,496

78

3,61*2

One Battalion of Grenadiers:

Staff - 4

Four Companies, at 176 each - - - . - - 704

For the Service of Artillery attached to the Battalion - 20

----- -- 728

One Regiment Light Infantry:

Staff - -_ - - - . - - - 11

Eight Companies, at 176 each - - - - 1,408

Two Companies of Chasseurs, 100 each ----- 200

For the Service of Artillery ----- -- 43

One Division of Mounted Artillery ——

Additional Pioneers ——

----- -- Light Dragoons ——

General Staff, and Augmentation of Four Officers for each of the Regiments of Foot ——

Eightj

1,662

71

82

108

36

5.299

Bill for repealing Duties on Gloves; &c^ passed.

Bill for repealing Duties on Registry of Burials, &c. passed.

Indemnity Bill passed.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pas6: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions

Day appoint-for 2° Reading of Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

Motion for a Committee to enquire into the Protection given to Trade by Convoys, &c. Neg.

Glass addi-ional Duties Bill deferred.

34 Geo. III. 18° — 19° 199

tions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias As land, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant February.

The House being informed that Mr. Welstead, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Quantity of Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to gj|^an<* the House, pursuant to their Order, brought

An Account of the Quantity of Slates, and Block Coastwise or Quarry Stones, brought Coastwise, for the Year presented. 1793-

And then he withdrew. t.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Port of j An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Slates, and Block or Quarry Stones, brought Coastwise, London, j for the Year 1793.

YEAR. Tons of Block or Quarry Stones. Tons of Slates. Slates, per Numbers.

1793 56,799 10,004 14,431,728

Coast Office,

Custom House, Hassard, fy* Comf.

' 17th February 1794.

Geo. Welstead, fy* Col.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be referred to a Committee to enquire into the Protection that has been given to the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects by Convoys, or otherwise, during the present War;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ J}V f, } 48'

Tellers for the Noes,[ Smy‘h'

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Vol. 49.

Mercurii, 19° die Februarii;

Anno 340 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Kendrew and Thomas Petition of Porthouse, of Darlington, in the County of Durham, to whom the King was graciously pleased to p^rth^se. grant His Letters Patent in the Year 1787, for the Spinning of Flax by Machinery, in England and Scotland, the 'Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have brought the Invention for Spinning of Flax, by Mills and Machinery, into such a State of Perfection, as to render the same of Public Use, which Invention, being the First of the Kind ever brought into Practice for the Spinning of Linen Yarn, has been attended with many Difficulties, great Expence, and Loss of Time, in maturing and bringing forward, so as to make it work with that Ease and Certainty required in Machines intended to wofk by Water, or other Powers; and that the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain are now, and for several Years past have been, under the Necessity of using great Quantities of Linen Yarn, purchased in Germany and other Foreign Countries with ready Money, and the said Invention giveth the greatest Ground for

200 19° Febrtiarii. At 1794.

Hope that in Time, by propel* Application, the Importation of Foreign Yarn may be much lessened, and the Manilfactuters supplied with Yarn of a superior Quality, and at a lower Rate, the Produce of our own Nation, which at the same Time will find Employ- ment for a great Number of Women and Children, many of whom, for Want of Work, are a Burthen to the Community; but the said and Tho-

mas Port house have been hitherto greatly deprived of the Benefit they expected to have received from the Sale of their said Inventions by the Artifices of Workmen, and certain Persons, who had received Instructions and Models from them, and, after having obtained those Ends, endeavoured to evade the Patents,

by making Alterations in the Arrangements of the Machinery; and that the said Undertaking, on Account of its Originality, hath been attended with very great and unforeseen Expences, as well as many Years Labour and Study, before it arrived at its present State, and as the Time of the Patents is so far expired, and no Advantage hath arisen, nor is likely to arise, unless the Grant be prolonged, and the Property of the said Invention secured to them for an additional Term, they cannot receive an adequate Recompence for their Labour, Expences, and Time: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Term of the said Grant for such a Number of Years as shall appear to the House to be due to the Design of the said Patents, so far as relates to the Spinning of Flax by Mills or Machinery.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Martin's A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Stamford Ba- thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the ->Oundle, County of Northampton, wras presented to the House, Petition. and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Saint Martin's Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, through the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, thorp, Easton, Collywcston, Duddington, Fine-shade, Laxton, Blathcrwick, Deen- Thorpe and

Weldon, to Weldon aforesaid, and also, the Road from Oundle, in the said County, through the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places of Oundle, Biggen, Benefield,

Weldon, Corby, Cottingham and Middleton, all in the said County of Northampton, to Middleton Lane, in thet Parish or Hamlet of Middleton aforesaid, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, narrow, incommodious, and very dangerous to Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually widened, amended,* improved, and kept in Repair, by the Ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, improving, and repairing tire said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Powys,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Cambridge thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for put- Paving, &c. ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Petition-Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have expended the Whole of the Money thereby authorized to be raised and borrowed, and have also necessarily contracted a considerable Debt, which now remains due; and that divers Works necessary to be done to complete the requisite Im- . provements in the said Town, still remain unfinished, and cannot be executed, nor can the above-mentioned Debt be discharged, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the said Act is also in several Re spects found defective, and it is necessary, for carrying the same into complete Effect, that several of the Provisions and Directions thereof should be altered amended, and explained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the said Act to raise and borrow a further Sum of Money, and also for altering, amending, and explaining the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Powys, c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Ayr Harbour carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Petition. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr, for " enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for " erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for " regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels,

" trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour,

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That considerable Progress has been made in making the several Works, and executing the Powers by the said Act granted, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for those Purposes, but the said Harbour, and the other Works in the said Act mentioned, cannot be completed, finished, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereby granted continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill* for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

34 Geo. III.

19° Februarii.

201

Petition for additional Provision to Birchill and Huddlesford Canal Bill.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Mines, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the ley and Essington Canal, at, or near, Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal, at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith; and Setting forth, That, at the Time the Levels and Surveys were taken for making the said Canal and Cut, Levels and Surveys were also taken for another Navigable Branch from the said intended1 Canal extending from, or near, a Place called Cat's Hill, in the Parish of Walsall, through or near Linley and Rushall Park Limeworks; to the Limeworks at Hay Head, in the said Parish of Walsall, and the same was intended to be inserted in the said Bill, but, from a Mistake, the same was omitted to be inserted in the Petition for the Bill, although the Standing Orders relating to Navigation Bills were fully complied with in respect to the said . Branch; and that the making such Navigable Branch as aforesaid will open Communication with several valuable Mines adjoining or near thereto, which will be of great Benefit to the Owners thereof, and also of Public U tility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the said Navigable Branch, in such Mannes as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kiddermin- A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Towns of *ter, Broms- Kidderminster, Bromsgrove, Pershorc, and Shipston upon

fvoolctmibera Stour, in the County of Worcester, was presented to Petition. the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour in an alaftning Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they ana their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person, and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will 'apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, are referred.

Solihull, Ke- Sir John Mordauntreported from the Committee, to nilworth, and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Balsall Roads in J7xecuti0ii an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year

Jl 6tltlOQ fC* 9

ported. of the Reign of His present Majesty; for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road, near , to the

Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. *

Vo L. 49.

To p*>ve the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Woodcock being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some further Amendments made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Mr. John Charles Villiers do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Bodecker's the ingrossed Bill from the-Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker, was committed; rePor"datwI That the Committee had examined the Allegations of paMe the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Percent's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill for naturalizing Martin. Walt her Per sent, was commit- reP°^®<1 and ted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- p tions of the Bill, and found the same to be truje; and that the Committee had directed him to report the „

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill ' to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without apy Amendment.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Ticknall, tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Ashby de la Land Owners, and others, residing in or near the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Leicester, whose tion reported. Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that a small Branch of Road leading from the intended Road on Ashby Woulds to a Lane in Overseal, called The Lower or Short Heath Overseal was not inserted -in the Notices, it not having been determined to include that Piece of Road till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House; but that the said Branch of Road is very little more than Half a Mile in Length, and leads over an open Common, and that no Turnpike is intended to be erected, or Toll taken, thereon); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Wilders being examined, said, That he knows the Roads described in the Petition, which are in a

3 F very

Petition against the Application for Tiverton Paving Bill.

Counsel heard on 29 Reading of Saint Alban and Watford Canal Bill

202 19° Februarii. . 1794.

very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in *a Bill for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton

upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Roads, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and from the said Turnpike Road, to, or near, a certain Bam adjoining to Brambury Lane, in the Township of Donis-thorpe, called Clark's Brambury Barn, and also certain Branches of Road from the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road from Burton upon Trent to Overseal, at, or near, a Place called Cadley Hill, and to Upper Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal, and to Lower, or Short Heath Over seal Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal aforesaid, all in the Counties of Derby and Leicester: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor and Corporation, Clergy, Churchwardens, Landholders, and Inhabitants, of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are given to understand, that a Petition is already, or is about to be, presented to the House by a few Persons of Tiverton, and its Neighbourhood, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving and improving the Town of Tiverton, which Petition is signed by several Persons of no Property in the said Parish; and that, at Two numerous and respectable Meetings of the Landholders and Inhabitants of Tiverton, held, pursuant to Public Notice, in the Months of September; and October last, it was resolved, that an Act of Parliament for improving the Town was wholly unnecessary, and that the Parish would oppose every Scheme to obtain an Act to levy new Burthens, unless they had the reasonable Prospect of receiving adequate Benefits in Return; and that the Petitioners conceive an Act of Parliament for paving and improving the Town of Tiverton is wholly unnecessary, and would be extremely burthensome and oppressive to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who are already groaning under a Load of Taxes from a sinking Trade and a numerous Poor; and that the Inhabitants have always been, and still are, ready and willing to repair the several Streets of the Town when Occasions require, and the Petitioners conceive that the existing Laws are fully sufficient to enforce such Repairs, when necessary, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Town of Tiverton stands out of the grand Travelling Western Road, and would not derive any material Benefit from the proposed Alterations, or pretended Improvements, and the Petitioners therefore hope the House will reject the Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and prevent the Petitioners and the Public from the Expences and Burthens which are intended, and must necessarily arise from such Act, if obtained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Town of Saint Alban, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation at Watford, in the County of Hertford;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " now" in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon this " Day Six Months." .

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Rogers Parker, Esquire, Martha Vandewall, Widow, Thomas Neate and Richard Capper, Esquires, and Thomas Buckeridge Noyes, Esquire, Committee of the Estate of Robert Hucks, Esquire, and William Smith, Esquire, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Line of the intended Canal from Saint Alban to Watford, in the County of was

also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill* against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be inclosed and greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a fill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Commons, ana Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Marquis of Titchfield and Mr. James Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures, of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, hpon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for* granting to His Majesty cer-8 tain

Debate on Motion for committing the Bill adjourned.

Akely cum Stockholt Inclosure Petition.

Attornies Duties Bill deferred.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

34 Geo. III. 20"

203

tain additional Duties on G lass imported into, or made fh Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° dieFebruarii;

Anno 34° Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1794.

Pll AY EllS.

Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Quantities, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all Parties interested therein: And . therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Waiter Inclo-atire Bill reported.

MR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of Warter, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the' Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with (except that One of the Notices was affixed on the Church Door on the 6th of October last; but that Lord who is sole

Proprietor of the Lands intended to be inclosed and improved, is consenting the reto); and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he react the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sdby inclo- A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors nre Petition, of L,ands and Estates within the Manor and Township of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Open Fields, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, #md also the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improved, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore pray-' ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bubwith with A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Harlethorpe thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and

Petitio " Estates in Bubwith with Harlethorpe, in the East Rid-eti 00. ing of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in Bubwith with Harlethorpe aforesaid several Open Common Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Lands; and that the Von. 49.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Rawreth and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Chelmsford are thereunto subscribed, Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Road Petition holders, and Inhabitants of the County of Essex, was rePorte‘1-referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Power being examined, said, That the Road leading from a Place called The Black Grove, adjoining the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinafy Course Of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battles

Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Holden Strutt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, Additional to \yhom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Petition to whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners Huddlesfoni of Estates, or Mines, in the County of Stafford, was Canal Bill referred; That the Committee had examined, and reported, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Pitt, Surveyor, being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a navigable Branch from the Canal intended to be made from the Wyrley and Essington Canal, at or near Birchill in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, from or near a Place called Cat's Hill, in the Parish of Walsall, through or near Linley and Rushall Park Limeworks, to the Limeworks at Hay Head, in the said Parish of Walsall, will open Communications with several valuable Mines adjoining or near thereto, and will be of great Benefit to the Owners thereof, and also of Public Utility: — And the Witness added, That, by Levels and Surveys lately made, the same appears practicable.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Wyrley and Essington Canal, at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and

also

204 20° Februarii. A. 1794.

also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-

fable Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near a 'lace called Cat's Hill, in the Parish of Walsall, in the said County, through or near and Park

Lime Works, to the Lime Works at Hay Head, in the said Parish.

Dudley, A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Kingswin- Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Thir-i},rd'i&p . teenth Year of the lteign of King George the First, tion. etl" the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham to Wednesbury, and several other Roads therein described, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester,\tas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Roads leading from a Place, called The Nether near

Dudley, to Kingswinford, where the said Road joins the

Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and to the End of Brettell Lane next Stourbridge, in the said County of Worcester, were made a separate District from the other Roads, and there is now owing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Roads within the said District, a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the Roads within the said District, be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts; and that the Roads leading from Tipton Green to a Place tailed Gospel Oak, in the said County of Stafford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road at Kingswinford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Wolverhampton, at or near a Place called Dawley Brook, in the said Parish of Kingswinford, and from the said last mentioned Road, at or near the Dwelling House belonging to George Briscoe, Esquire, in the said Parish of Kingswinford, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Wolverhampton, at or near a House in the Possession of Thomas Turner, in the said Parish of Kingswinford, are greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending and widening the said several Roads will open a commodious Communication between the Town of Dudley and the Towns of Bilston and and

also between the said Town of Dudley and Kinfare, and the large Iron and other Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, which will not only be of great Benefit to Trade, but likewise to all Persons residing, or having Estates, in that Part of the Country, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, So far as relate to the before-mentioned District of Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads hereinbefore described.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referftd to Mr. Edward Foley, Sir George Comewall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ilillam Inclo- A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors tun Petition, of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk in the West

Riding of the County of York, was presented to thfe House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Open Fields, and also, several Cqpimon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present State, incapable of being properly cultivated, and improved, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombeand Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees nominated and appointed Northaller-to carry into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one ton, Thirsk, of them made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of &c- K°ads the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, etltoon‘ intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the " High Road leading from Northallerton to the South " Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk,

" and from the South East End of the Street called " Finkell Street in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through " the Town of Easingwold, in the County of York, to " a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York,

" and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe,

" in the North Riding of the County of York,'' and the other of the said Acts made and passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, given and granted by the said Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty, and also of the several Creditors who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising from the Turnpike Gates erected in and upon the said Roads, by virtue of the said Acts, and also of several principal Inhabitants and Owners of Estates lying in the Neighborhood of the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Roads, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed to carry the said Acts into Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, amounting to £. 7,000, and upwards, which still remains due, with an Arrear of Interest; and that the said Trustees have duly laid out the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls and Duties collected from the said Roads, in making and repairing the same, and for the Purposes in the said Acts directed, whereby great Progress has been made in the Repairs of the said Roads, but the Trustees cannot, by Reason of the Scarcity and bad Quality of the Materials for repairing such Roads, the advanced Price of Labour, and the Diminution of Tolls, by the passing and re-passing of the Mail Coaches, which are exempt from all Payment of Toll, and of other heavy Carriages on the said Roads, at all Seasons of the Year, which greatly damage the Roads, raise a sufficient Fund for effectually maintaining and repairing the said Roads, and keeping down and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, unless some additional

Torquay

Harbour

Petition.

Tuddenbam

Inclosure

Petition.

34* Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

205

tional Tolls are granted, the Terms and Powers given by the said Acts further continued and enlarged, and some other more effectual Provisions made for carrying into complete Effect the several Purposes of the said Acts; and that Part of the said Road, leading from the City of York to No, extends above

Thirty Miles in Length, and forms a Part of the Great Post Road from London to Edinburgh, and the keeping the same in good and substantial Repair, according to the Intention of the said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Property in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce within the County and City of York and Places adjacent, and to the Advantage of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term now subsisting, and altering the Powers given by the said former Acts, so^ more effectually maintaining and repairing the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DMr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Tormoham, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour or Pier of Torquay, on the North East Side of Torbay, in the County of Devon, and within the said Manor (of which the Petitioner is the sole Proprietor) is at present too confined, and very inconvenient for the Mooring of Ships and Vessels, and there are not effectual Powers for enforcing the Payment of the Rates and Tolls due to the Petitioner from the said Harbour and Quay as Owner of the said Manor of Tormoham: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and new building or repairing the said Harbour, Pier, and Quay, and for ascertaining and enforcing the Payment of the Rates, Tolls, and Quay Dues, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Palk, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and there are certain Rights of Common of Pasture, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests in and over the same; and that, if the said several Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein, the said Lands and Grounds might be greatly improved: And there-Voi.. 49-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Solihull, Ke-ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow- nilworth.and ers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Balsall Road* Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from senJd^ the Warwick Road, near, Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

i Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Shelton In-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and closure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste reP°rted-Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford, wras committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Corporation of Barnwell Hospital, who, on being applied to, refused to consent to the Bill, on Account of an Annual Rent being allowed according to the Price of Corn, but had no Objection to the Inclosure, and whose Property amounts to 8o Acres; and also, except the Proprietor of 97 Acres, who would not sign the Bill, because his Tenants had given his Opinion that the Inclosure would not answer; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed, amounts to about 1,000 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Benyon presented to the House, according to Preston and Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Sutton Point* Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, p^g^ted ' and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and F Sutton Pointz, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, Owners of, or Quarley otherwise interested in, the Common Fields, Common Inclosure Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement, but would be rendered of far greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore

3 G praying,

Elloughton

Inclosture

Petition.

Day appointed for 2° Reading of Huddersfield Canal Bill.

Skillington

Inclosure

Petition.

206 20° Februarii. . 1794.

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the said Parish of Quarley, with such Powers, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Calvert, Senior, and Mr. George do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Wi, Esquire, George Whitaker, Esquire, James L and Robert Todd, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of several Open uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and other Estates, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waudby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, certain Open Arable or* Tillage Fields, Pastures, Commons, and several large Pieces of Meadow Ground, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, about 2,600 Acres; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Meadow Ground, lie so intermixed and dispersed, and are in general so situate, as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient and expensive, but, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waudby, aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of iMncaster, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and also within, or adjoining to, the same Parish a certain Common or Waste, called The Intercommon, in which Open Fields and Meadows the Lands of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, for the most Part, lie in small Parcels, and much dispersed and intermixed, and such Open Fields and Meadows, as well as the Stinted Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, aforesaid, are, in other Respects, inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; and that if the said Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, and also to the Impropriator and Vicar of Skillington aforesaid, in Lieu of all the Tythes 3

arising within the same Parish, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and such other Proprietors and Persons interested, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, aha subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring; in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Simon Yorke and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Thornhdm, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the' said Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, are subject to various Bights of Shackage and Common, and the said Open Field Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in divers small Pieces, and several of the said Whole Year Lands are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if such Rights of Shackage and Common were extinguished, and if Part of the said Commonable Marshes was set out to be used and enjoyed as a Stinted Pasture, and if the Remainder of the said Commonable Marshes, together with all the said other Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, were divided, exchanged, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving and Aqueduct Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Allardyce and Mr. Ferguson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

Thontham

inclosure

Petition.

Aberdeen Paving, Petition re* ported.

34 Geo. III.

20° Februarir.

207

Bury and Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, accord-Cand BiU1^ *n8 10 Order, a Bill frr making and maintaining a presented Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by to, or nearly

to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition re- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Man-specting the Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Set-AppH^on ting forth, That the Petitioners (who are connected Docks Bill the Port of Hull, where their Exportations and

Importations to a very considerable Extent are made) have, in several Instances, sustained serious Delays, Inconveniences, and Injuries, for Want of the present Dock at such Port being sufficiently roomy and commodious; and that an Extension of the said Dock, as well as an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, are manifestly necessary, and such Extension and Communication would not only tend to the greater Safety and Convenience of Shipping, but would also become Improvements of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester: And that the Petitioners, being informed that a Bill for Relief in the Premises is meant to be brought into the House, embrace the present Opportunity of praying the Attention of the House to the Circumstances of their Case, and that such Relief may be granted therein as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are amend Mold thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Act08*11"6 of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the ' County of

Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, and the Commissioners therein appointed, having proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, have found that the Powers thereby given are insufficient: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, in such Manner as may enable the said Commissioners to carry the same into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to regu- Sir Francis Basset presented to the House, according late the Price to Order, a Bill to regulate the Price to be paid to for grinding Millers for grinding Com: And the same was receiv-ented^* ed 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Act to pro- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to MihtiaMen " pro^de for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot read. ° " to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend " an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth "Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that " Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. 49-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. The Lord* Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for rafo-Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way ingaSumby of Annuities; without any Amendment. " ~

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Annuities.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to amend amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, ^or the intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Families of " Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of Militia Men, " this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; ordered.

" and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament,

" passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating " to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called " England And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. Minchin, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Petition from Traders, and Land Owners, of the Town of Halifax, Halifax in the County of York, and its Vicinity, whose Names JP^84 4!)6, are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, n"n«iCRiii. and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and Setting forth, That the said Canal, if executed, will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, tend greatly to the Injury of the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town of Halifax, and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Debate on Motion for committing the Saint Alban and Watford Canal Bill resumed.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion made yesterday, That the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Town of Saint Alban, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation at Watford, in the County of Hertford, be committed.

And the Question being again proposed, That the said Bill be committed;

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: 10 Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to One Public Bill and the

A. 1794

Question Neg. for committing the Saint Alban and Watford Canal Bill

The Lords have agreed to

Land Tax Bill.

American Trade Bill.

Marine Mutiny Bill.

Malt Bill.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

208 20° — 21°

the several Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,. and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Kenyon, the Lord Grenville, and the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Way of Annuities:

An Act for naturalizing Martin Walther Persent:

An Act for naturalizing Augustus William. Bo-decker.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill for making a navigable Cut from the Town of Saint Alban, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation at Watford, in the County of Hertford, be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { "£ SS*?*' } *3-

Tellers for the Noes, {Hyd/'Eatt: } *+

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spr.anger:

Mr. SpeaKer,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

l

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow' Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Febrtiarii.

Veneris, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

CHRISTOPHER BRUNS took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for " the Explanation and better Execution of former " Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen " rowing on the River Thames, and for the better " ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River,

" between. Gravesend and Windsor;" and that, in pur-

suance of the said Act, certain Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, have, from Time to Time, been made for the better Rule and Government of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor, but the same have hitherto proved inadequate and ineffectual, by reason that the Right of suggesting and proposing such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, is exclusively vested in the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the said Society or Company, and the Cognizance of the several Offences committed against

C o

the said Rules, Orders, and Constitutions is vested in Eleven of their own Members; and that it would tend to the more speedy and effectual Administration of Justice, and be of great Public Utility and Convenience, if the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, for the Time being, were authorized and empowered to make, frame, and set down in Writing, reasonable and necessary Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for governing and regulating the Wherrymen, Watermen, ana Lightermen, upon the River Thames, between the Limits aforesaid, and if the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman of the said City for the Time being, or any Justice of the Peace within the Shires and Places next adjoining to the River Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, were empowered to carry such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, into Execution and Effect: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Sir James Sanderson, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

Brunswick

sworn.

Tuddenham

InclosorefeiH

presented.

Petition for regulating Watermen, &c. on tbs Thames.

34 Geo. III.

21° Februarii. 209

Ken Naviga* Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom tinn Petition the Petition of John Earl of and James

rePorted‘ Earl of Cardigan, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set. Proprietors of Lands between the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and Thrapston Bridge, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the lliver Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and also, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the above-mentioned Act, were read.: And,

John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution, did, by Indenture bearing Date the loth Day of September 1726 (and which he produced to your Committee) contract with, constitute, authorize", and appoint Robert Wright and Thomas therein

named, to make, and to be Undertakers for making, perfecting, maintaining, and keeping the said Navigation, and for their Charges and Expences therein to have, take, and enjoy, to and for the Use and Behoof of them, their Heirs and Assigns, the Tolls and Rates therein particularly mentioned; and that the said Commissioners did also, by a certain other Indenture bearing Date the 29th Day of April 1736 (and which he also produced to your Committee) contract with, constitute, authorize and appoint the said Thomas Squire to make, and to be Undertaker for making, perfecting, maintaining, and keeping the said Navigation, and for his Charges and Expences therein to have, take, and enjoy, to and for the Use and Behoof of him the said Thoma , his Heirs and Assigns, the Tolls and Rates therein particularly mentioned.

And being further examined, he said, That by virtue of the said Acts, and the said Indentures, the said River Nine or Nen has been made navigable from Peterborough to Thrapston Bridge aforesaid, but that the Powers by the said Acts granted to the said Commissioners, for the good and orderly Usage of the said Navigation, have, in several Instances, been found insufficient for the Purposes thereof; and, for Want of due and proper Exercise of some of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners, at the Time the said Contracts were made and entered into, and the said River made navigable, additional Difficulties have arisen. — And the Witness added, That it is expedient and necessary that some further Powers and Remedies should be given for the better carrying the said Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove 'certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge: And that Mr. Dickins and Sir William do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Vol. 49.

A Petition of Thomas Hdre, Esquire, Lord of the Ma- Shouldham nors of Shouldham, Shouldham in Sand Should- Inckwure ham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, and of the "etmon' several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others having Right of Common in, over, and upon, the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons* and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Thomas. Hare is Lord of the Manors aforesaid, and, together with Maxey Allan, Esquire, John Beevor, Doctor in Physic,

James Oakes, Orbell Ray Oakes, and Henry Bell, Esquires, Edmund Kenney, and John Carter, are the principal Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common upon the said Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that there are, within the said Parishes, several Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing 4,750 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are of little Advantage to the Persons having Right of Common thereon, or claiming any Interest therein, and are not capable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to thqir respective Rights, it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of Public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Wodeftouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to enable the Compuny of Proprietors of the Bill to extend

Lancaster Canal Navigation to extend such Navigation, die Lancaster

by making and maintaining a Navigable Canal- from C"nal *savH V r . 1 <7 & ' gation coin-

the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, art or near a cer- mitted.

tain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join the Canal

of his Grace the Duke of Bridgeioater, in the Parish of

Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line

of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent,

Mr. Hobart, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Compton Tn-> Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and closure Bill Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton, in the comaiitted-County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Pybus, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, and otherwise im- Warter Inproving, certain Lands and Grounds within the Lord- closure BUI ship and Township of Warter, in the East Riding of passed' the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of Warter, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3 H A Bill

210 21° FebruarA. 1794.

Abingdon Paving, &c. Bill commit-kod.

Tolpuddle

Inclosure

Petition*

Birmingham and Stone Bridge Road Bill, presented.

Brunswick's Nat. Bill committed.

A Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in t'.e County of Berks, for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therefrom, and for otherwise improving the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Love-; den, Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock/in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Tolpuddle, in the County of Dorset, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Tolpuddle aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, and Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, in Severalty, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Directions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir John Call do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Motdaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read ' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick, was road a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Alderman Anderson, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hallman and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rudolfs Nat. for naturalizing Gerard , and William Rudolf,

Bill commit- wag read a Second Time.

te ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Alderman Anderson, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bedford Poor A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Paul, Saint Mary, Saint John, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor belonging to the said Parishes are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof; and that it is apprehended, if a proper and suitable House was provided for the Reception of all the Poor within the said Parishes generally, and proper Powers were given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying to the Poors Rates

13

of the said Parishes, but would also tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr.

Whitbread, Senior, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Phineas Hussey, of Little Wyrley, in Mr. Hussey's the County of Stafford, Esquire, was presented to the Petition House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making i^^island and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Wyrley Huddlesford and Essington Canal at, or near, Birch ill, in the County Canal Bill,

of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal at, or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into Effect, would be highly prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioner, and particularly injurious to his Property in certain Coal Mines, situate near the Line of the said intended Canal: And therefore praying,

That he may be heard, by his Counsel and Agents, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Joseph Bradley and Francis Edwards, Petition from Gentlemen, Proprietors of the Manor of Goscott, in the Mr. Bradley Parish of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, was also againtf presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking d« Bill. Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Lords of the said Manor, are Owners of a Brook, called Goscott Brook, on which is situated a Blade Mill, and are also Owners of several Mines of Coal and Iron-stone, and intend to apply the Water that will be raised out of the said Mines, together with the Water which may accrue from the said Rivulet, and any Springs arising on the said Manor, to the Purpose of Working Blast Furnaces and Forge's; and that the Petitioners conceive the Provisions of the said Bill, as it now stands, will be the Means of diverting the Water arising from the said Rivulet, Mines, and Springs, into the said Canal, to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition Land Owners, of the Town of Manchester, whose against Sow-Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the erby^nd?e

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners j.-ieiti (f',r the observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Rochdale)

making Canal Bill.

O

'Petitions respecting the the Application for Hull Docks Bill.

34 Geo. III. .21° Februarii. 211

making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the

Colder Navigation, at, or near, Sowerby Bridge Wharf,

in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater at, or near, Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that in such Bill is inserted a Clause authorizing the said Duke of Bridgewater to erect a Lock, upon the said intended Canal, and to collect certain.

Tolls or Rales per Ion for all Goods and other Articles passing through the same, and the Petitioners A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and In- Burtry Ford, are of Opinion, that the Power of making such a Lock, habitants of the several Counties of Durham, Cumber- Alston, and and receiving the reat Tolls or Rates as before-men- land, and Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto tioned, will be very prejudicial to the Town and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; tition.

Trade of Manchester, and that the Town and Trade Setting forth, TTiat the Road leading from Burtry of Manchester ought not to be injured by. any Agree- Ford to Alston, and from Alston, by the Dyke, to ment between the Duke of Bridgewater and the Pro- Burnstones, in the several Parishes of Stanhope, , prietors of the intended Rochdale Canal: And there- Kirkhaugh, and Knarsdale, in the Counties of Dur-fore soliciting the Attention of the House to the Clause ham, Cumberland, and Northumberland, is in a ruinous before-mentioned, and praying, that the Communi- Condition, narrow in many Places, and incom-cation, which is proposed to be made, may not be con- modious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually trouled or fettered, but may be and remain a free and altered, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and corn-open Communication, and that the said free and open modious, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Communication b,e effectually secured to the Public in Course of Law, but if the said Road was properly al-such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, and that tered, repaired, and widened, and necessary and con-the Petitioners may be heard herein by themselves, or venient Bridges made upon the same, it would be of Counsel. great Utility and Advantage to the Public, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the facilitate and improve the Communication between Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill the said Counties: And therefore praying, That for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, re-the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge pairing', and widening the said Road, and for erecting,

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace upon the same, and that the same may be passed into the Duke of Bridgeivater, in the Parish of Manchester, a Law, with such Provisions as the House shall think in the County Palatine of Lancasterfand also certain, fit.

Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed; and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall think fit. appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That it be an‘Instruction to the said Com- And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. Brandling, &c.: mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; said Petition. and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Rochdale, and its Neighbourhood, in the County Palatine A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Leeds, Brad* of Lancaster: And also, Execution the several Acts of Parliament passed for ford, and

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town making, repairing, amending, and enlarging the Roads and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, tition.

Hall assembled; and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, " altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of " Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough " relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at " leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, that Time, but in Consequence of the great " and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and Increase of Trade and Shipping which has " also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Hor-since taken place, the said Dock has become " ton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York greatly insufficient for the Accommodation and that the Trustees have made great Progress in the thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Injured by the Want of Dock Room at the very considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Port; and that not only an Extension of Tolls arising upon the said Roads, but the said Roads the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and thereinto direct from the River Humber, would kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, be of the greatest Convenience to the Trade unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued and Commerce of the Port of Hull, and the and extended, and some of the Powers of the said District of Country connected therewith,. the several Acts altered and enlarged: And therefore pray-present Passage to the Dock and Quay, ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the through the long narrow River or Haven of aforesaid Purposes.

Hull, being very frequently blocked up so as Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to occasion the most serious Inconvenience, In- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-jury, and Delay to the various Articles of Com- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it merce exported and imported at the Port of shall appear to them, to the House:

Hull: And that the Petitioners, having been And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, informed that a Bill is intended' to be brought &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning Voi. 49. next,

into the House for Relief in the Premises, therefore pray the House will fake into Consideration the present Restriction, Loss, and Delay, hereby occasioned to the Trade and Manufactures of the Country connected with the Port of Hull, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

212 21° Februarii. It94*

next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leeds and The House was moved, That the Order, made upon nal Nav^a* Tuesday last, for reading a Second Tiihe upon Wed-tion liiiide- nesday next, the Bill to enable the Company of Profen ed. prietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Li-

verpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

BeaconsfieM A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in

Petition. °a Execution certain Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his Majesty Ying George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty King the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

consfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, in the doing of which a very considerable Debt hath been contracted, but several Parts thereof still remain narrow and incommodious; and that the said Debt cannot be ‘ paid off, and the said Road be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under.such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Wycombe, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

House to ad- Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of journto the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

Monday. next.

Committee of Supply.

Report Mi» litia Estimate referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision {or defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1794, as they shall think ne-

cessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Postage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction.to the said Committee, That they do consider of granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in'England therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,' That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to recommend that such Measures may be taken for the Safety and Tranquillity of the British West India Islands, at this Juncture, as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think fit.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Message from the Lords, by, Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Britain; with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly

Postage of Letters by the Penny Post to be considered.

Instruction respecting Postage of Letters to Jersey and Guernsey.

Attornies Duties Bill, deferred.

Motion for Address respecting the West India Islands with drawn.

The Lords have agreed to

Foreign Spirits addition^ Duties Bill.

Distillery additional Duties Bill.

Foreign Spirits and Sugar Duties Bill.

Royal Assent to Bill*.

Address for Letters relative to the Defence of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

Motion relative to the Protection of the Trade of Nova Scotia, Ate. Neg.

Address for Letters relative to the Defence of Nova Scotia, Ace.

34 CJEOi III.

21°

icani.

213

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being r*!umed;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De^ sire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify die Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Kenyon, the Lord Grenvilleand the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of die Yeas One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four:

An Act for making perpetual certain Duties On Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed . or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to continue. the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to

S've Directions, that there be laid before this House, opies of all Letters, or Extracts of Letters, from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth, relative to the State of Defence of the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, since the Commencement of the present War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Official Accounts relative to the Protection afforded to the Trade of the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, since the Commencement of the present War;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, or Extracts of Letters, from General Vol.49.

Ogilvie, relative to the State of Defence of the Provinces of Nova Scotia and Nciv since the

Commencement of the present War.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

('opies of all Returns of the Effective Force in Garrison at Halifax, received during the Course of the Year 1793.

Resolved, That an hilmble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Copies of the Correspondence which has taken place between His Majesty's Ministers and General Ogilvie, on the Subject of G over no r Wentworth s Corps, in the Course of the Year 1793.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Extracts from, the Journals of the Packets from Haft-fax, from the Commencement of the present War, communicated by the Postmaster General to either of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, or to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, relative to the French Naval Force on the Coast of North America, and the State of Defence of the Provinces of NoVa Scotia and New Brunswick.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented tcf His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question was projmsetl, Motion for That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Me-

Memorial delivered, this Day, to His Majesty's Secre- stated' tary of State, on the Subject of the State of Defence of fence of Huli-Halifax, by the Merchants of Halifax, or their Agents fax, within London. drawn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, witlidrawn.

Address for Returns of the Effective Force in Garrison at Halifax.

Address for Correspondence relative to Governor Wentworth's Corps, in 1793.

Address for Papers relative to the State of Defence of Novai Scotia, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Benjoin; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elias Heints; without any Amendment: And alsb,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The othei1 Orders of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into. Great Britain,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved)That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till- Monday Morn* ing next, Ten of the Clock.

The Lords have agreed to

Benjoin's Nat. Bill.

Heintz Nau. Bill.

The Lord* will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Hastings's TrkiL

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

3 r

Luna,

<214

24° Februarii. A. 1794.;

Luna?, 24° flfra Februarii;

Anno 340 Georgii III,a Regis, 1794-

Prayers.

Dunham In- OIR John Wodehouse reported from the Committee,

r»!ti 1 to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

closing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £.3. 10$. per Annum, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at £. 5. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at £. 5. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the "Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 504. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Solihull, Ke- A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an nil worth, and Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for Balsall Hoad* repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick comm,t Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in die County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

rillarton A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Inclosure Gf Lands and Estates within the Parish of Pillarton, etition. otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting"forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improved, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Dunchurck and Inhabitants, of the County of Warwick, whose a"*1 Southam Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Petl' House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of Southam, in the said County, is much out of Repair, natrow in some Places, and incommodious; and that, if the same was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would be a great Benefit and Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Kington u4 into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Eardisley Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilleys Mountain, to Eardisley, to Alme-

ley, to Eckleys Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and

to Milton House, in the said County, and from the Turn-, pike Road, in the Parish of Eardisley, to,

Turnpike Gate, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustee^ have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some other Alterations and Amendments made to the said Acts; and; that the Roads leading from Lyonshall Pound to , and from Lyonshall Village to the Two Mile Gate on the Road between Kington and Pembridge, and from the Village of Pembridge to Aliltons Cross, and from Milton's Cross to Stockley Cross, and from Stockley Cross to Stansbatch, and from Legen Cross, in the Parish oiEardisland, to Stretford's Bridge, in the Parish of Stretford, and from on near a Place called The Knowle, in the Parish of Kington, to a Bridge now re-building over the River Wye, in the Parish of Whitney, and from the Turnpike Road at Letton to Bredwardine Bridge, and from the said Bridge to join the Turnpike Road leading from Peterchurch to Hereford, at, or near, the Place where the present Road from comes into

the said Turnpike Road, and from, or near, Moccas Common, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Hay to Hereford, at, or near, the Place where the Road from the Ford over the River Wye at Byford comes into the said Turnpike Road, are greatly out of Repair, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore

praying,

Keevil, Id-maston, dec. Inclosure

Petition*

Denbigh and Mold Roads Petition.

34 Geo. III.

24° Febru

215

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Acts, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several new or additional Roads above described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Heathcote, 8cc.: And they are to meet To-morrovy Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, Walter Long, Richard Long, Edward Mortimer, Esquires, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and de la Folly,

in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Pields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands; and that the Petitioner, the said Michael Hicks Beach, is Lord of the said several Manors, and as such entitled to all the Wastes and Royalties therein respectively, and the said Michael Hicks Beach, and the said several other Petitioners, and divers other Persons, are entitled to certain Rights of Common and other Rights upon the said several Manors, or some of them; and that the said Common Fields and Lands, by reason of the intermixed State of the Property belonging to the respective Proprietors thereof, are not capable of being cultivated and managed in the most profitable Manner for the said Proprietors, and it would be highly beneficial to them, as well as the Public at large, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the said several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, in specific Shares, in lieu of their Rights of Soil, Common Rights, and all other Rights, in, over, and upon, the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Denbigh to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto; and that a certain Road branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road, near a Public House opposite Lletceney Park, known by the Sign of the Blue Hand, and extending from thence to the Entrance into a certain Common, called Denbigh Green, and from the said Entrance into such Common, across Part thereof till it joins the Tum-

1>ike Road at the North End of the same Common, eading from the Town of Denbigh aforesaid to the Town of Saint Asaph, in the said County of Flint, is in a ruinous Condition and in many Parts narrow Vol. 49.

and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road leading from the Blue tiarid to the Turnpike Road at the North End of Denbigh Green aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall, seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the safiie, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mbstyn, Mr. Vadghatt,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Abergele, Manors, inclosed Lands, and Common Marshes, hr the Parishes of Abergele, Saint Asaph, Diserth, me'nt and

and Meliden, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, Drainage

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of Petition, themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several inclosed Lands and Common Marshes, which are Yearly worn, inundated, and greatly damaged by the Sea, and by Land Waters, and it appears by Surveys lately taken, that Sea Banks, Fences, Aqueducts, and other Works, are necessary for securing the Coasts from the Encroachments of the Sea, and for draining the Land Waters, and discharging them at proper and safe Outlets, and that such Works will tend greatly to improve the Port and Harbour of Voryd and Rhydlan, and be of Public Utility; and that some Parts of the said Common Marshes and Waste Low Lands are claimed to be situate in the several Manors of Denbigh, Isterfyn,

Kinmel or Denorben, Rhydlan, and

Prestatyn, and the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, within the said Parishes and Manors respectively, have Right of Common on the said Common Marshes and Waste Low Lands, and are very numerous, and some inclosed Lands are immediately, and* others remotely, affected by the En-> croachments and Inundations of the Sea, and some Proprietors are affected by the Damages of the Common Marshes and Waste Low Lands only, wherefore a Fund to complete and preserve the Works, necessary for fencing and guarding the said Lands, Marshes,* and Waste Low Lands, from the Sea, and draining die same, cannot be raised by Means of any Tax, it is therefore thought expedient that competent Parts of the said Common Marshes and Waste Low Lands, in every Parish, should be inclosed, and sold, to defray the Expence of erecting, completing, and preserving, such Works: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Wilbraham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Baresby and thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and otherwise Soutih Crox-interested in, the Open Fields of Baresby and South pentiti"„osure Croxton, in the County of Leicester, and the Open

Meadows

Diseworth

Inclosure

Petition.

216 24° Febriiani. 1794:

Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Mea- pursuant to the Prayer of thef said Petition: And that dow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Mr. Pochiand Mr. do prepare,

Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith, and bring in, the same, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Proprietors of and Persons interested therein, was presented to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Ilkeston In-the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors fl, wure advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Pro- of Land, and otherwise interested, in the Open Fields, tlt, on' prietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands,

Meadows, Pastures, Parcels of Meadow and Pasture within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a That the Property of the Petitioners in the said Open specific Share thereof set out and allotted for every of Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lies dispersed in small them, according to their respective Properties therein, Parcels of Land, and, in their present Situation, into be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore pray- capable of Improvement; and that it will be greatly ing, That Leave may may be given to bring in a Bill to the Interest and Advantage of the Petitioners if the for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Meadows, Pastures, Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed: And there-Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said meet. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Lands, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheion Curzon do prepare, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and bring in, the same. Lord George Cavendish and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Christ's College, in the University of Cambridge, and Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Ticknall, of the Reverend William Sparrow, Clerk, Thomas cording to Order, a Bill for amending and repairing Ashby dek Chcslyn, Esquire, Robert Sowter, Jonathan Bosworth, the Roads from a Place called Gate, in the

Robert Bosworth, and William Hall, and several other Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and picsented.

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Ashby de la Touch Turnpike Road, at, or near, a Place Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying called The Wooden Bo.v, and from the said Turnpike and being within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, Road, to, or near, a certain Barn adjoining to Brambury in the County of Leicester, and also of William Herrick, Lane, in the Township of Donisthorpe, called Clark's Esquire, Thomas Fisher, Esquire, and John Stokes, Brambury Barn, and also certain Branches of Road from Esquire, and several other Persons, w'hose Names are the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road from thereunto also subscribed, Lessees and Sub-Lessees, or Burton upon Trent to Overseal, at, or near a Place called Under-Tenants, of Lands and Grounds belonging to Cadley Hill, and to Upper Lane, in the Township or Lithe said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, lying and berty of Overseal, and to Lower, or Short Heath Over~ being within the said Lordship of Diseworth, was pre- seal Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal afore-sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That said, all in the Counties of Derbi/ and Leicester: And there are, within the said Lordship or Liberty, several the same was received; and read the First Time.

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pas- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, tures, and Common Grounds, and the Master and

Wardens of the Haberdashers Company in the City of Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answer to London are Patrons of the Vicarage or Parish Church their Addresses of Friday (that His Majesty would be Addressee of Diseworth aforesaid, and the said William Sparroto graciously pleased to give Directions that Copies or is the present Vicar thereof; and that the said Master, Extracts of the several Letters and Papers therein men-Fellows, and Scholars of Christ's College, and the said tioned, might be laid before this House) had been pre-Thomas Cheslyn, Robert Sowter, Jonathan Bosworth, sented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com-Robert Bosworth, and William Hall, and several other manded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Persons, are entitled to the Lands and Grounds within Directions accordingly, the said Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and

Common Grounds, and the said William Herrick, A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Dean Fore* Thomas Fisher, and John Stokes, are Lessees under thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and lload* !'* the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars, and the said Inhabitants, near His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the tlUon* Robert Sowter, William Hall, and George Hinds, and County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and several other Persons, are Sub-Lessees, or Under- read; Setting forth, That the several. Roads leading Tenants, to the said William Herrick, Thomas Fisher, into and through the said Forest, that is to say, the and John Stokes, for the greatest Part of the Lands Road leading from Mitcheldean to a Place called and Grounds within the said lordship or Liberty of Coif ords Lane End, on the Mitcheldean Road, and Diseworth; and that the Lands and Grounds of the from a Place, called Whites, near to

Petitioners in the said Fields, Meadows, Common Colford's Lane End, on the Littledean Road, and from Pastures, and Common Grounds, lie intermixed and a Place, called The Bottom of the within the

dispersed, and, in their present State, are capable of said Forest, to a Place, called Coolway Lane End, near very small Improvement, but, if the said Fields, Mea- to the Town of Colford, and front a Place, called dows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, were Perry Grove, to Clewencall, and from a Place, called divided and allotted to the several Proprietors, accord- The Top of the Bearse, to the Bcarsc Farm House, and ing to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests from a Place, called The Roads Lane End, leading the rein, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage from the Village of Bream to the said Bearse Farm to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave House, and from a Place, called Bream's Cross Farm, may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose to or near the Village of Bream, and from a Place, the said Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and called Little Deans Lane End, to a Place, called Gunsr Common Grounds, in such Manner as to the House mills, and from a certain Place, called The Camp, to <t shall seem meet. Place, called The Plough, and from a certain Place,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, called The Foot of Aliry Stock Hill, to a Place, called

Lidbrooky

34 Geo. Ill*

24° Februatii. 217

Xidbrook, are in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious for Passengers, but the said Roads, being Part of the Soil and Waste Lands belonging to the said Forest, and the Property of His Majesty in Right of His Crown, the same cannot be amended and repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. Francis, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kew Sleaford A Petition of Edward Clerk, Vicar of the

and Quaring- Parish and Parish Church of New in the

Petition181,16 bounty of Lincoln, and Rector of the Parish and Parish e 0D‘ Church of Quarington, in the said County, and of the Reverend John Andrew, the Reverend John Caparh, William Kirton, William Gardiner, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Right of Common, or other Property, within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of New Sleaford aforesaid, and Hamlet of Holdingham, in the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Common, and Waste Lands, containing together 2,300 Acres, or thereabouts, and, within the Parish of Quarington aforesaid, there are also certain Open Fields, Meadows,- Pastures, Fen, and other Uninclosed Lands, containing together about 1,000 Acres; and that the Lands of the said Vicar, in the Parish of New Sleaford, and of the said Rector, in the Parish of Quarington aforesaid, and of the other Proprietors in the said respective Parishes, lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and the Rights of Common of the said Petitioners and others upon certain Parts of the said Lands, by reason of the unimproved State thereof, are of inconsiderable Value; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if all the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commons, Uninclosed and Waste Lands, were to be inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commons, Uninclosed and Waste Lands in the said Parish of New Sleaford, and Hamlet of Holdingham, and in the said Parish of Quarington, under and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorvld and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the same.

South With- A Petition of Richard Llewellyn, Esquire, Lord of am Inclosure the Manor of South Withatn, in the County of Lincoln, Petition. and of Sir William Manners, Baronet, and several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Division and Inclosure of the same would be of great Benefit to the Estates of the Peti-Vol. 49.

tioners, and of the other Proprietors interested therein r And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing tine said Fields, Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a 6ill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the samei

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to Brunswick's whom the Bill for naturalizing Christopher Nat. Bill

was committed; That the Committee had examined the rePorted: Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.-

Mr. Hippisley Coxe reported from the Committee, to Chappie Ab whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing lerton,&c. In-certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and cl°*"wi being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddisham,«rep° and Wear, in the County of Somerset, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties, concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Gnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Pilton and Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being in North Wot-the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time. mitttd.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hippisley Coxe, Mr.- Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, 6f Netheravon, Mark Inclo-in the County of Wilts, Esquire, John Giles, William 8,116 Petition* Counsell, Gentlemen, and* the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and t-ead; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of East Mark, in the County of Somerset, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and also divers other Waste Lands in the Parish of Mark, in the Said County, containing, by Estimation, about 150 Acres; and that the Petitioner, the said Michael Hicks Beach, is Lord of the said Manor of East Alark, and is thereby entitled to the Wastes and all the Royalties within the said Manor, and the said Michael Hicks Beach, and the said several other Petitioners, as Owners of divers Auster Tenements within the said Manor of East Alark, and the several Manors of Wed-more, Churchland and Afudgely, in the said County of Somerset, are entitled to certain Rights of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, now lie Open and Uninclosed, are in some Part Marshy and subject to be Overflowed, and liable to Trespasses,

3 K and,

218

24® Febru

A. 1794

Petition.

and, in their present undivided State, of very little Advantage to the Proprietors in general, and it would not only be of great Benefit to all Persons interested therein, but of Public Utility, if the same were divided and allotted in specific Shares to the respective Proprietors, according^ and in Proportion, to their Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisleu Coxe and Mr, Rolle do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Ludlow and A Petition of several Of the Trustees for carrying Orlton Road* into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place, or House, called The Maidenhead, at Orlton, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some further and other Amendments made to the said Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the Baid Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Payne Knight, Mr. Taylor, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ludlow and Clee Hill Roads Petition.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Cite Hill, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some further and other Amendments made to the said Acts; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, through the Village of Stanton Lacy, Lower Hayton, Great Sutton, and Peeton, to Bowden, in the several Parishes of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and Holgate, in the said County, remains narrow and out of Repair, and it will be advantageous, if, in the Renewal of the said Acts, Provision be made for amending and repairing the said Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, ana altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said other

13

Roads, in Such Mannetr as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Payne Knight, Mr. Taylor,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Berryp<^ upon the 14th Day of this Instant February, for referring the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- CansdPe? holders, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town and tition with-Bofough of Ashburton, and its Neighbourhood, in the drawn. County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Petition.

A Petition of Susanna Palmer, Widow, and John Petition Francklin, Esquire, was presented to the House, and against Ea* read; Setting forth," That the Petitioners are joint Proprietors of the Right of Navigation on the River DraLage Bill Ouze, from Saint Ives's Staunch, in the County of Huntingdon, up to Barford Bridge, in the County of Bedford; and that the Petitioner, Susanna Palmer, is the sole Proprietor of the Right of Navigation on the said River, or of the Tolls and Profits thereof, from the said Bridge, up to the Town of Bedford, and is also sole Proprietor of the Tolls and Profits of the Navigation on the River Lark (which is a Branch of the said River Ouze) from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to Worlingfon, in the same County; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is depending before the House, to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of a certain Part of the said River Ouze, by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at, or near, Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the County of Norfolk, into, or near, the Harbour of King's Lynn, and, in order to defray the Expences. of the said Work, it is intended by the said Bill to impose certain Tolls on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Manure) to be navigated through such new Cut; and that the intended new Cut, if it should answer the Purpose of improving Drainage, will necessarily tend to impede the Navigation, by reducing the Depth of Water in the said Rivers, which, in several Parts thereof, particularly in the Old Ouze, above Denver Sluice, is, at present (owing to that Sluice, and the Neglects of the Corporation of Bedford Level) scarcely sufficient for the Passage of the Vessels employed thereon, but the said Cut will, in the Opinion of able Engineers, be productive of Effects immediately prejudicial, and eventually destructive, of the Harbour of Lynn, as well as the Navigations of the River Ouze, and its several Branches, in which Event the Value of the Properties of the Petitioners in the Navigations above described (acquired by great Labour and Expence, and held under the Sanction of a Royal Grant, and several Acts of Parliament) must be annihilated, to the Ruin of their private Fortunes; and that the Tolls, intended to be imposed by the said Bill on Commodities to be navigated through the said Cut, will (by enhancing the Price of such Commodities to the Consumers beyond those at which they can be supplied from other Quarters) have the Effect of turning Part of the Trade, now carried on by the Navigations belonging to the Petitioners, in other Channels, whereby the Profits of the said Navigations must be

34 Geo. III. 24" FebruariL 219

be proportionably decreased, and may become insufficieftt to defray the heavy and constant Annual Expences of maintaining the said Rivers in a Navigable State: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that they may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of W Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation Of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard,

- at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr.

Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Coin- Preston and mon Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, Sutton Point* and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ben-yon, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- ber.

Newcastle A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees,

upon Tyne whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of

and Buckton themselves, and the rest of the Commissioners and PeUiion0ad Trustees, named, appointed, and elected, to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing u the High Road leading from the North End of the " Cow-Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne,

" to the Town of Belford, and from thence to " ton Burn, in the County of Northumberland," and another Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, and for making the Same more effectual, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed to put the said Acts into Execution, several Years ago borrowed on the Security, of the Tolls of the said Road several Sums of Money, and applied the same in making and completing the said Road, agreeable to the Directions of the said Acts, and have ever since applied the Money arising by the Tolls in discharging and keeping down the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and in carrying on the Repairs of the said Road; and that the said Road is the Great and Common Road from the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne to the Town of upon Tweed and City

of Edinburgh, is of National Benefit, and tends greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and to the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the County of Northumberland, and Parts adjacent, and the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom in general; and that, by Means of many heavy Carriages passing and re-passing thereon in all Seasons of the Year with narrow Wheels, the said Road constantly requires Reparation, and the Materials used for the greatest Part thereof lying at a considerable Distance, it is impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the said several Sums borrowed, unless the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Acts, and of the Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, be continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, and for reducing the said Acts, of the Twentieth and Vo L. 49.

Sir Wat kin Letces reported from the Committee, to Swansea whom the Petition of the thereunder mentioned Per- Canal Pe-sons, Proprietors of Lands in the Counties of Glamor- titio".re' gan and Brecon, as well as others, most of whom are 1)0 interested in the Trade and Commerce of the Port of Swansea, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that' the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him. to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Rhys Davies being examined, said, That he is resident in the Neighbourhood of the Line of the intended Canal; and that there are great Quantities of Iron Ore, Iron Stone, Coal, and Lime Stone, in the Vale of Tawe, and the adjacent Country, at present unworked, or worked in but small Quantities, from a Want of Water Carriage therefrom to any Port, and that a great Part of the Country adjoining remains in a very uncultivated State, on Account of the Defect of such Mode of conveying such Lime Stone, and other Manure, and some Iron and other Works are now carried on therein, which may be greatly enlarged, and many more may be established, to the great Benefit of that and the adjoining Counties, and the Town of Swansea — He further said. That he is of Opinion, that the making a Navigable Canal or Navigation from a Place called Hoi noyadd, through the several "Parishes mentioned in the Petition, to or near a Place called The Brewery, in the Parish of Mary in Swansea, together with Navigable Cuts, inclined Planes, Railways, Roads, and Conveniencies, to communicate with the Canal, will be an Object of great Public Utility, and will be the Means of enabling such Mines of Iron Ore, Iron Stone, Coal, and Lime Stone, being worked, and of Lime Stone, and other Manure, being conveyed to cultivate the Line of Country at present so indifferently cultivated.

Mr. Thomas Lane being examined, confirmed the above Evidence: And,

Mr. Thomas Sheasby being examined, said, That he has surveyed and levelled the Line of the proposed Canal, and is of Opinion, that it is practicable to make the same as described in the Petition.

Ordered,

\Visbech

Navigation

Petition.

&20 24° FebruA. 1794.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Ere* con: And that Sir Watkin Lewes and Sir Charles Mor-

gan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Francis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Town of,

in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Traders, in the said Town of Wisbech, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and fead; Setting forth, That there was an ancient River or Watercourse leading from the said Town to the River Nene, in the Parish of in the said Isle

of Ely and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, upon which small Vessels used formerly to navigate, but the same is in many Places so filled up with Earth, Rubbish, and other Obstructions, that a Passage for the Waters therein cannot be obtained for the Purposes either of Navigation or Drainage, and such Part of the said ancient River as runs at the Back of the said Town of Wisbech has of late Years been filling up, find Several Buildings have beeen erected thereon, and by the Sides thereof, without any Right or Title whatever; and that it appears, by proper Levels and Surveys, that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the River of Wisbech, at, or near, a Place there Called The Old Sluice, through the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter, Elm, Emneth, and Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, to join and communicate with Well Creek and the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell aforesaid, and, for the making of the said Canal, it will be necessary to throw out, cleanse, and widen, the said ancient River or Watercourse from the said Old Sluice, through the said Town of Wisbech, to a certain Place called Elm Corner, in the said Parish of Elm, and to remove the several Buildings erected on and by the Sides of the said River; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for improvr ing and preserving the Navigation of the said Welt Creek and the River Nene, certain Tolls were granted for completing the said Navigation, and Part of the said River, between Outwell Church and Salter's Load Sluice, in the Parish of Denver, in the County of Norfolk, has been of late Years filling up, and is at present in a very imperfect State; and that, if the said Communication from Wisbech to Outwell be made, it would in that Case be necessary that a good Navigation should at all Times be maintained from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice, and that proper and farther Provisions should -be made for that Purpose, and the said Act, so far as concerns the Navigation between Salters Load Sluice aforesaid, and Standground Sluice, in the Parish of Standground, in the said Isle of Ely, be amended, and made more effectual; and that the carrying the before mentioned Purposes into Execution will be the Means of opening a short Communication between Wisbech River and the River Nene and Well Creek, at Outxvell aforesaid, and of making a safe and easy Communication between the Port of Wisbech and the several Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Norfolk, Suffolk, and other Parts, whereby the Inhabitants of the above-mentioned Counties will be more readily supplied with Coals and other Articles of Merchandize, and the Growers of Com and Grain in the said Counties will be enabled to convey the same to Market with greater Facility and less Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave tnay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, Stafford and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Shire Hall Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the Mayor of Pet*tion. the Borough of Stafford, in Behalf of himself and Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Shire Hall in the Town of Stafford, appropriated for holding the Assizes and Quarter Sessions for the said County, and Other Public Purposes, is a very ancient Building, much out of Repair, and very inconvenient; and that the Petitioners are desirous of erecting a new Shire Hall, or Buildings, for the Purposes aforesaid, upon or near to the Scite of the said ancient Shire Hall or Buildings, and Ground adjacent thereto; in order to which it will be necessary to purchase and appropriate several Houses, Grounds, Shops, Sheds, and other Buildings, on the Eastern Side of the present Hall, which are now private Property, and are situated upon Ground necessary to be had to make the said new Buildings more commodious^ and better adapted for the holding of Courts of Justice, and for the other Public Purposes before-mentioned, but the same cannot be effected by the Law's now existing for levying of County Rates, nor without raising a considerable Sum of Money:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford aforesaid, and for the Purchase of Houses, Grounds, and other Buildings, and making use of such Public Ground out of the Streets or Market Place as shall be found necessary, and for raising a Sum of Money adequate to such and other Purposes relative thereto, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition' be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow'er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Petition re-and Manufacturers, of Burton upon Trent, in the County spec ting ib« of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; ^y,^tion Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Bill Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at that Time, but, in Consequence of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much injured by the Want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the Dock and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull, being very frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from Foreign Voyages, Coastwise, River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that the manufactured Goods seiit down for Exportation by the Petitioners frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby: And that the Petitioners, having been. informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for Relief in the Premises, therefore pray the House will take into Consideration the present Restriction,

Bridgewater Bridge, &c. Petition.

Petition for Stocking Marsh Common.

34 Gfco. Ill* 24° Februariu 221

Loss, and Delay, hereby occasioned to the Trade and ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Manufactures of the Country connected with the Port and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and of Hull, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem Records,

meet. *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Table. Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, was presented against the

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill W»rw‘<*and A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out c«mSm of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of So* of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now merset, under their Common Seal, wras presented to cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present brooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Bridge over the River Barrett, in the said Town, is Canal, in the Parish of in the County of

an ancient Stone Bridge, and the Passage over the Northampton; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill same is so very narrow aild incommodious, as fre- should pass into a Law in its present Form, the same questly to have occasioned fatal Accidents, and by would be very injurious to the Property of the Peti-Reason thereof, and the present decayed State of the tioners: And therefore praying, That they may be said Bridge, and the Quays on the said River, it is heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the* said become necessary that the said Bridge should be re- Bill as may be prejudicial td them, and may have' built,' and the Whole rendered more safe and com- such Relief as the House shall think reasonable and modious than at present; and that certain Evasions proper.

have, from Time to Time, been practised, and great Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Difficulties have arisen respecting the Payment of Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill the Quay Dues, payable to the Petitioners, at the Port is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by of the said Borough of Bridgewater, and it is neces- their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their sary that proper Regulations should be established, Petition, if they think fit.

and Powers given, for ascertaining and enforcing Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

the Payment of the said Dues, and for enabling the mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at Petitioners to claim and receive such additional Duties the same Tim?, in Favour of the said Bill, against the as, with the present Dues, may be sufficient to defray said Petition* the Expence of erecting the said new Bridge, and of

keeping the same, with the Quays, in Repair: And Mr. Reported from the Committee, to Tyburn anrf

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Uxbridge, a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such to put ih Execution an Act, made in the Seventh &C- R°ad* Manner as to the House shall seem meet. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to conti- reroited

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the hue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, for reconsideration of a Committee: And that they do eJca- pairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the shall appear to them, to the House: Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Heath,

And it is referred to Mr. Langston, Mr. Rolle, &c.: through the Parishes of llamcell, New Brentford, and And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That A Petition of Edward Sachiverell Sitwell, Esquire, the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-Lord of the Manors of Toekington, in the Parish of ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills,

OlvestoH, and Over, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the had been complied with; and that the Committee had County of Gloucester, the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-monalty of the City of Bristol, Lords of the Manor of rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, of Gaunts, Earthcbtt, and The Lee, in the Said Parish to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; of Almondsbury, under their Common Sfeal, and of the and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Ta-several other Persons whose Names are thereunto sub- ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; scribed, being Freeholders within the said Manors viz.

and Parishes, or some one of them, was presented To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, the said to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, Act was read: And,

within the said several Manors, a certain Common or Mr. John George being examined, said, That the Piece of Uninclosed Ground, called Marsh Common, Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of tile said otherwise The Salt Marsh, containing 620 Acres or Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others, Money, of which the Sum of £. 4,500 now remains Owners of certain Rights, called Cottage Rights, have due; but find that the said Roads cannot effectually be Right of Common, but from which they at present re- amended and kept in Repair, and the Money so owing ceive little Benefit; and that it would be of great be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be ♦

Advantage to the Petitioners and the other Owners of further continued, some of the Tolls increased, and the the said Cottage Rights, if proper Provisions and Re- Powers thereof altered and enlarged, gulations were made and established for stocking the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to said Marsh Common, otherwise The Salt Marsh, in fu- continue the Term, ' and enlarge the Powers, of several ture, and for improving the same: And therefore pray- Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over as to the House shall seem meet. Harwell Heath, through the Parishes of New

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the said County, and for lighting, watching, and wa-mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it tering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington shall appear to them, to the House: Gravel Pits: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Ho-

And it is referred to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Mr. bart, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the Powys, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- same.

Vol. 49. 3L Mr*

Messrs. Freeman and Grace's Assignees Bill presented.

Burton upon Trent and Fradley Heath Canal Petition.

Kelshall In closure Petition.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Carlisle.

222 24° Februarn. A. 1794.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Sijuare, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandaseyui, an Alien, and for discharging the same from the High of the Crown in respect of the Alienage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Uxbridge, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Navigable Communication, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be conveniently made from the present Navigation of the River Trent, by and from the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, along a Part of the said River, and from thence, by a Cut or Canal, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal upon Fradley Heath, in the said County, where it will unite with the Inland Navigations to the Ports of London, Hull, Bristol, Liverpool, and the intermediate Places, and afford an Opportunity of bringing to Market, upon very advantageous Terms, the Produce of the several Alines of Lime, Limestone, Coals, Ironstone, Grindingstone, Buildingstone, and other Minerals, on the South Side of the River Trent, and considerably reduce the Price of the Carriage of those several Articles, and of all Mercantile Goods, and will also greatly facilitate the Trade of the River Trent from the Ports of HulL Gainsborough, See. and be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Communication, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and finder such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Villiers, the Lord Paget, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Kenrick, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Kelshall, in the Parish of Kelshall, in the bounty of Hertford, and Owner of the greater Part of the Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and certain Old Inclosures and Open Field Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, the same might be put in a State of Cultivation, and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Old Inclosures and Commons and Waste Grounds, and Open Field Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Elijah Impey, Mr. Plumer, and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in tho Election of Citizens

to serve in Parliament for the said City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That on the 3d Day of March, in the Year 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also of another Petition, on the Part of, and subscribed by, several other Persons, Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Carlisle, reported to the House their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did, at the same Time, also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did, in Part, dopend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also for the said other Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the said City of Carlisle, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement, as follows: — " The " Counsel for the Petitioners state the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, " duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, " and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being " Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years " Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such " Apprenticeship within the said City, or by Election " of the Mayor and Common Council of the said " City, with the Consent and Approbation of certain " Persons called The Fours, otherwise the Fours of the " Election of each of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said City, as Representatives of the " whole Commonalty of the said City: They also " state, that no Person is entitled to be admitted a " Freeman of the said City who has not been previously admitted a Brother of one of the Eight Guilds " or Occupations of the said Citythat the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Saftherwaite and Edward Knubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follow s: — " The Counsel for the Sitting " Members state the Right of Election to be in the " Freemen of the City of Carlisle, who acquire a " Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or " by serving an Apprenticeship, during Seven Years, " to a Freeman, or by Election of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Capital Citizens, of the said " City: They also state, that it is not necessary, in " order to become a Freeman of the said City, to " have been previously admitted a Brother of one of " the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said " City — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of " Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not

" the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberlandthat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of " Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not

" the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle

That, the said Select Committee having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle determined, " That the Right of " Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of " Cumberland, is in the Freemen of the said City, " duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, u having been previously admitted Brethren of One

" of

34 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

223

" of the Eight Guilds dr Occupations of the said " City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by " being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven " Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such Apprenticeship within the said City, and " in no othersAnd that on, or about, the 1st Day of February 1794, Thomas Wilson James Paine,

Robert Murray, Edward Wa Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wy John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph

rigg, presented their Petition to the House, in order to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for the said City, thereby stating the y were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided, and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as the House should think fit; and that-the Petitioners insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deduced valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and in Favour of which the said Select Committee so reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they pay have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph,

Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on die Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 'for the further Regulation of the Trials - of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Carlisle Pe- The House was moved, That the Order, made tition respect- upon the 1st Day of this Instant February, for taking ing the Right into Consideration, upon Monday, the 17th Day of deferred0*1 March next, the Petition of

James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle.

Vol. 49.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petitfento Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts of Parlia* Navigation ment were made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, and Twenty- Acts, sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Petitioners to make, support, and maintain the said Canal Navigation, and divers Powers and Authorities were thereby given to the Petitioners for those Purposes; and Representing to the House, That the said Acts are, in many Respects, found defective, and it would not only be for the Benefit of the Petitioners, but also of the Public, if some Amendments and Alterations were made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and altering the said Acts, in such.

Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Ingilby presented to the House, according ®*8*a to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of loads' Bill Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and presented. Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and to the North

East ComeT of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Chester thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages,

Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Owners of Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common of Pasture upon the several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within and Parcel of the said Parish and Manor, divers Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Chester South Moor, Chester West Moor, Plawsworth Moor, Edmondsley Moor, Whitehall Moor, and Pelton Moor, containing together, by Estimation,

2,450 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God Shute Lord Bishop of Durham is, in Right of his Church and See of Durham, Lord of the Manor of Chester aforesaid, and as such entitled to the Soil of, and Royalties within and under, the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and is also, in Right of his said Church and See, seised to him and his Successors of the Reversion and Inheritance expectant on the Determination of several Leases granted thereof by several Bishops of Durham for the Time being, to divers Persons for Lives, or Terms of Years, at several small reserved Yearly Rents, of divers Messuages, Mills,

Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parish of Chester, and the said several Lessees are, in respect of the said Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land; and that the Petitioners and several other Persons, Owners of Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages,

Muls,

224 24° Febru . 1794.

Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish and Manor of Chester aforesaid, or their respective Trustees, Lessees, Fanners, or Tenants, in respect of their said several Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are entitled to enjoy a Right of Common of Pasture upon all the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, ia their present State, are not capable of any Improvement, and it would be of Advantage to the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common, to have the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted # to them according to their Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jolliffe and Sir Matthe Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord Archi- A Petition of the Right honourable Archibald bald Hamil- milton, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, was

Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Bill to extend by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the the Lancaster Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Canal Navi- " for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or gation. Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster, and also, a Navigable Branch from " the said intended Canal at, or near, to, or

" near, War Ion Cragg, and also, another Navigable " Branch, from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to " or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of " Lancaster," certain Persons were united into a Company, and authorized to make and complete a Canal, to be called The Lancaster Cana/, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, at, or near KirkbyKendal aforesaid, through the several Parishes and Townships in the said Act mentioned, into the Township of West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the said intended Canal was proposed to be carried very near the Mansion House of Ashton Holland Park?, belonging to the Petitioner, to the great Inconvenience and Dislike of the Petitioner, but the Petitioner was persuaded to consent to the making of the said Canal upon having the Line of the Canal carried through his Estate, in the Manner described in the Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, mentioned in the said Act, and upon repeated Assurances that the said Canal would be of great Advantage to the Petitioner and his Tenants, by passing Seven Miles through the Estates of the Petitioner, and that the said intended Canal should not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, in such Part of the Line of the said Canal as should pass through the Petitioner's Estate; and, in Confirmation of the said Assurances, it is by the Said Act particularly enacted, that nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or enable the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or the said Commissioners, in making the said then intended Canal to deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, in such Part of the Line of the said Canal as should pass through the Estates, Lands, or Grounds, of, or belonging to, the Petitioner, without the Approbation or Consent, in Writing, of the Petitioner, his Heirs, or Assigns, under his or their Hand and Seal for that Purpose first had and obtained; and that, notwithstanding the before stated Assurance

of the Agents concerned for the said Company, the Petitioner observes, from the Votes of the House, that a'

Bill is depending for enabling the said Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation (amongst other Things) to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and that such intended Variation is proposed to be made by making and completing a Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, or out of, the said Original Line or Course, at, or near, a Place called Cabus Nook, in the Township of Cabus, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, through the same Township, and into, or through, the several Parishes of Cookesham and Garstang, Church Town, and in, or through,'the several Townships of Winstanley, Nateby, Garstang, and Bonds,

all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and to join and communicate with the said Lancaster Canal at or within the said Tow'nship of Barnacre with Bonds, and that a very considerable Part of the Line of the said Canal, intended to be abandoned by the aforesaid Deviation, runs nearly through the Centre of the Lands and Estate of the Petitioner, and a large Part of the Line proposed to be adopted in Lieu thereof, is also intended to be made through other Part of the Lands of the Petitioner, but at the Extremity of his Estate; and that, if the present Bill should pass into a Law, it will not only defeat the Agreement made with the Petitioner, sanctioned by the said Act of Parliament, but deprive the Petitioner and his Tenants of the principal Benefit to be derived from the said Canal, the Deviation will lengthen the Course of the Canal nearly One Mile, and will be productive of no Public Benefit whatever, the Protection extended to the Petitioner by the said Act will be unjustly violated, and an additional Expence of Tonnage fall upon the Persons who make Use of the said Canal; and that the Petitioner will also be highly injured and aggrieved by other Parts of the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, whereby he feels himself aggrieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to extend such Navigation, by making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, at or near a certain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is comftiitted.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Messag* for Mr. Anstruther, with the Name of William Larkins, Attendance of Esquire, as a Witness to be examined to make out the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, ing^'s Trial. and to desire that the Lords will make forth a Sum- ‘ mons for his Attendance at the said Trial Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Petition Council of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly against Ean called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Drainage n" Setting forth, That by a. Bill now depending in the Bill. House, it is proposed, to alter the Course and Channel

of

§4 Geo. IIL 24° Februariu 225

of the River Oust, by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhat Saint Marys, to or near the Town and Harbour of Lynn; and that the Town of Lynn is a very ancient Port of very considerable Importance, and a very large and extensive Commerce is carried on there, by means of the present Navigable Channel, with the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Hertford, Essex, Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, Buckingham, and Lincoln; and that the Petitioners, in their Corporate Capacity, are Owners of several considerable Landed Estates proposed by the said Bill to be cut through, and of divers Dues or Tolls on Ships frequenting the said Harbour, the Produce of which is necessarily applied for the Preservation and Maintenance of the said Harbour, and the Public Quays and Wharfs thereof, and, in case the said intended Cut should be made, the said Harbour of Lynn will not only be very materially injured, but may, and in all Probability will, be eventually lost to the Public, and thereby the Petitioners Harbour Dues will be considerably diminished; and that by the said Bill it is intended to impose a Tannage upon all the Merchandize conveyed through the said intended Cut, to and from the said Port of Lynn, which, in Addition to the heavy Taxes already levied upon the Navigation, will in a very high Degree, prejudice the Trade thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River re, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouse, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

a* Reading of The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ran Brink Monday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time and King's upon Wednesday next, might be read.

Lvn"i^rain* And the said Order being read accordingly;

J^rred> A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; } 31'

Tellers ronheNces.P:^^- } ,6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

»*y for * Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Price to be torcgufatethe paid to Millers for grinding Com be read a Second Priceofgrind- Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of ing Com. March next.

Attornies Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Duties Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, deferred. VOL 49.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, be now read.

Ana the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, respecting to consider of the Postage and Conveyance of Letters by the

the Carriage called The Penny Post, be now read. Penny Post And the said Order being read accordingly; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning,' resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House Bricks and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tiles addi-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- b?U'deferrcdT ditional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this. House will* Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Glass addi-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tional Duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- BlUdeferred. ditional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in,

Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Copy of the Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy whidh*the of the Tariff, by which the Pay of the Troops of the Pay of the Electorate of Hanover, now in the Pay of Great Britain, Hanoverian is regulated. reJ

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Fyshe Palmer, Debate orf Clerk, a Prisoner in His Majesty's Ship or Vessel Motion for Stanislaus, at Woolwich, being offered to be presented Mr^alme^'s to the House; Petition ad-

And a Motion being made, and the Question being journed. proposed, That the said Petition be brought up; .

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Sevennight" and inserting the Words " Thursday Morning " next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this " Day Sevennight" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next

A Motion was made, and the Question bang put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, delaying Mr. requesting that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to Palmer bein* give Directions for preventing the said Reverend Thomas Transport Fyshe Palmer being sent in the Transport on which he Neg. ' *

is now on Board till after Thursday next.

3 M. The

Report

Supply

deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Birmingham and Stone Bridge Road Bill committed.

Petitions respecting the Application . for Hull Docks Bill.

226 24" — 25°

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

M&SSw?* } «

Tellers for the Noes I-ring. }'°4-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MarttSf 25° die Februarii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1794. Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from die Trial in Westminster Hall;

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in thie said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, within Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, and of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Traders, of Sheffield, in the same County; And also,

A Petition of the Ship Owners and Ship Masters at Bridlington, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Town of Bradford, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Ship Owners, &c. of the Port of Whitby, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Beverley, in the County of York, in Common Council assembled;

Ware severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at

Februarii. A. 1794.

that Time, but, in consequence of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much injured by the Want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the Dock and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull, being frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from Foreign Voyages, Coastwise,

River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that the manufactured Goods, sent down for Exportation by the Petitioners, frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby: And that the Petitioners, having been informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for Relief in the Premises, therefore pray the House will take into Consideration the present Restriction,

Loss, and Delay, hereby occasioned to the Trade and Manufacture of the Country connected with the Port of Hull, and to grant such Relief as to, them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to East Retford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Pelham Clinto?2, commonly called Earl of Lincoln, now Duke of Newcastle, called up to the'

House of Peers.

A Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, and others, Weston In-Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the closure Pe-Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, tition* and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Western, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Arable Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Fields and other Open Lands were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates of the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other Open Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gaily Knight and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Forfar Roads thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by an Petition. Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in repairing the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and, sundry Sums have been subscribed and borrowed for that Purpose upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the Reparation of many of the said Roads cannot be carried on and completed, and the Money owing upon the Credit of the Tolls paid off, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Act are further enlarged and continued; and that it has been found, by Experience, that the Tolls granted by the said Act upon the following Lines of Road, the Road from Dundee to Forfar, with the Branch to Kirriemuir by.

13

34 Geo. III. .25° Ftbru 227

Glammss, the Road from Dundee to Coupar, with the Branch to Meigle, the Road from Meigle to the Bridge over the North Esk by Brechin, the Road from Dundee to Ferryden, with the Branch to the South Esk Bridge, the Road from Arbroath to Brechin, with the Branch from Temple-Hall to Leggiston, from to Ferry-

den, and from Pitmui's Mill to Forfar, the Road from Dundee to Arbroath by the Coast, with its Branches < from Baldovie to Brechin, and from to the

Ferry, toe not sufficient for keeping the said Roads in Repair, and 'paying the Interest of the Sums borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, and it would be both just and expedient that the said Tolls and Duties should be augmented, and the Road from Dundee towards Perth to the Borders of the County of limited in the same Trust with, and added to, the Line of Road leading from Dundee to Ferryden; and that the Road leading from the Landing Place at Mony-seth to the Post Road between Dundee and passing through the Parishes of Monvfieth and Monikie, v the Road leading from the East Haven to the Post

Road between Dundee and Arbroath, passing through the Parish of Panbride, the Road leading from the West Haven to the Post Road between Dundee and - Arbroiath, passing through the Parish of Panbride, the

Road leading from Forfar to Arbroath by passing through the Parishes of Forfar, Dunnichen, Rescobie, Kirkden, Carmyllie, Saint Vigeans,

Arbirlot, and Arbroath, the Road leading from Duntroon and Wedderburn to the Post Road between Dundee and Forfar, passing through the Parishes of Dundee, Mur-rose, and Mains, the Road leading from Strathmartin and the Foot of Sidlaw to the Post Road between Dundee and Forfar, passing through the Parishes of Strathmartin, Tealing, Means, and Dundee, the Road leading from the Bridge of Dean upon the West Extremity of the County to Brechin, and passing through the Parishes of Airly, Kirrymuir, CathUno, and Tanna-dice, and die Road from the West Water Bridge by the Hillhead of Stracathro and BaUachy to Montrose, passing through the Parishes of Stracathro, Logie, Pert, Dun, and Montrose, all lying within the said County of Forfar, are in bad Repair, and in many Places Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Difficulty and Danger; and that it would be of great Convenience to the aforesaid County of a Bridge was built over the River South Esk, near on the said New Line

of Road from Meigle to the North Esk Bridge, the Expence of which cannot be defrayed from the ordinary Tolls to be collected upon the said Road; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Bridge built and kept in Repair, by the present Modes prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. David Scott, Mr. Adam, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Uxbridge A Petition of the Innholders and Publicans of the Innholders Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, was **»Petition Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That cao* e ' the Petitioners are, and have been for several Years past, very heavily oppressed by the great Number of Military, who-have uninterruptedly been quartered upon them, and which they peculiarly feel, owing to the exorbitant Price of Provisions and Fodder of every Denomination; and that Two of the Petitioners, one of whom keeps The Crown, the other The White Horse, in the Town of Uxbridge, have, each of them, fre-Vop. 4Q.

questly had Twenty Horse Soldier's and Horses, Thirty Militia Men, and Six and Eight Officers quartered on them at the same Time, and, upon an accurate Calculation, they have each sustained ah Annual Loss of £. 300, and the Other Petitioners Loss has been proportionably heavy, according to the Size and Accommodations of their respective Houses; and that the very small Allowance, made by Government as a Compensation for quartering the Military, is so perfectly inadequate to the Expence Occasioned thereby, that it renders the Petitioners Situation insupportably hard, and compels them to implore the Attention of the House, and to declare, that, if some Relief is not afforded them, from the heavy Losses they sustain, the Petitioners will be inevitably prevented from supporting themselves and Families: And therefore praying.

That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and relieve them from their oppressed Situation, by ordering Barracks to be erected, or by such other Measures for their Relief, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names East Brent are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Inclosure others, entitled to Rights of Common in certain Moors, Petition. Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 175 Acres, which, lying open and uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses, are of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of very great Improvement by Means of a Division and Inclosure: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the said Manor and Parish of East Brent, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tudway and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Elmore, Shute Lord Bishop of Durham, and the Honourable Brockwortfr, Jane Barrington his Wife, Lord and Lady of the &c- 1"C,0RUI® Manors of Elmore and Brockworth, in the several Petition. Parishes of Elmore, Brockworth, and in the County of Gloucester, and also Lord and Lady of the Manor of Calmsden, within the Parish of in the same County, and principal Proprietors. of several Estates, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said Manors and Parishes, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, and other Hereditaments, within the said several Manors and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the Manors and Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth aforesaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds^ and there is also, in the said Parish of North Cemey, a certain Open and Common Field called Calmsden Field, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that Part of the said last mentioned Field adjoins a certain Common Field in the Manor and Parish of Rendcombe aforesaid, called Rendcombe Field, and certain Parts of the same Fields were many Years since exchanged, and now continue so; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said

respective

ms 25° FebruA. 1794.

respective Lands and Grounds, if the Same were divided, exchanged, inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights 'and Interests therein, and also that the said Exchange so made of the said Land in -den Field, and Rendcombe Field aforesaid should be confirmed, and that a Boundary Line should be drawn and settled between the several Manors and Parishes of North Cerney and Rendcombe aforesaid, so far as relates to Calmsden Field and Rendcombe Field: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid) in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Master, Mr. John Pitt, and Captain Berkeley do . prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Kivw^Trent ^*ver Trent.Navigation, was presented to the House, Navigation ®"d re&d; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Act. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to improve the Navigation of the said River from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, Or One of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln-, and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and find that, in order effectually to improve the Navigation of the said River, and render the same more beneficial to the Public, it is necessary to deepen, scour, and cleanse, the Bed of the River in several Places, and to enlarge and improve the Haling Paths upon the Banks thereof; and that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the said River in Beeston Meadow, in the Parish of Beeston, in the County of Nottingham, to join and communicate with the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the said County of Nottingham, and also a Navigable Side Cut or Canal from the said River below the Trent Lock, in the Township of Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to, or near to, a Place called Jugglers Holt, in the said Township of Long Eaton, and also One other Side Cut or Canal from the said River through certain Inclosures called The Holmes, situate in the Townships of Adbolton and Bassingfield, in the County of Nottingham, to, or near to, a Place in the said River, called Caw Ford, and to maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal, already made, to communicate with the said River in Hemmington Pasture, in the Parish of Lockington, in the County of Leicester; and that the improving the Navigation of the said River and Towing Paths, and making and maintaining the said Cuts or Canals to communicate therewith, will be of great Benefit to Persons residing or having Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act, and for making and maintaining such Cuts or Canals and other Works as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Blidworth A Petition of several of the Land Owners, and Per-

Inclosure sons interested in the Open Commons, Forest and

Petition.

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, having Common Right upon the said Commons, Forest and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Commons, Forest and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Hannah Butterworlh, of Butterworth, Mrs. Bntt*r-in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, worth's Peti-Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner understands a Bill is de- Bridge Lid pending in the House, for making and maintaining Castle Field a Navigable Canal from, and to communicate with, Canal BilL the Colder and Hebble Navigation, at, or near, Sawerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, by Way of Deyne-head, Littleborough, and Rochdale, to Manchester, and to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at, or near, a Place called Castle Field, within the Parish of Manchester-,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Navigable Branches from such intended Canal; and that the Petitioner is Owner of a Freehold Estate in Butterworth, consisting of a Messuage or Dwelling House, and Twenty Acres of Land, or thereabouts, and she understands that, for the Supply of the said Canal with Water, a Reservoir is intended to be made upon her said Estate, and which is intented - to cover Five Acres thereof with Water, and also to take from the Petitioner into the said Reservoir a Brook, or Rivulet, called Sykes Brook, which watereth the said Estate, and is of great Utility to the Petitioner in dry Seasons, and the Land so proposed to be covered with Water is the Whole of the Meadow Land, and by far the most valuable Part of the Petitioner's Estate, and the making such Reservoir will be a very material Injury to her; and that, on the Applications which have been made to the Petitioner for her Consent to the making such Reservoir, she has repeatedly refused her Consent thereto, and stated to the Persons so applying the Injury she should sustain by making such Reservoir, and her Reasons for refusing her Consent: And therefore praying, That she may be heard, by herself, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as authorizes, or may be construed to authorize, the making of any such Reservoir for Water upon the said Estate of the Petitioner, and that a Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted in such Bill, for' expressly restraining the making of any Reservoir for Water upon the said Estate of the Petitioner, under any of the Powers in such Act expressed, and that the Petitioner may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near S Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by herself, or Counsel,

before

Tibbington Church Petition.

Crawcrook

Inclosure

Petition.

34 Geo. III. $50Februdni. §20 -

before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if she thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Shaw Clerk, Curate of the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, William Underhill, and Isaac Whitehouse, Churchwardens, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish Church is a very ancient Fabjrick, and is become so ruinous, that, for the Safety of the Persons attending Divine Service therein, it is necessary that the same should be taken down, and a new Church built; and that, as the said Parish is become very populous within these few Years past, and is still increasing in Population, and the present Church is too small to contain the Number of Persons frequently attending Divine Service there, it is necessary to build a new Church upon a larger Scale, and either to enlarge the present Church Yard, or to purchase other Land for the Purpose of a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and that it will require a very considerable Sum of Money t6 defray the Charges and Expences of taking down the present Church, and building, and fitting up, the new Church, and of enlarging the said Church Yard, or purchasing other Land for such Cemetery or Burial Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem ineet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of thp several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common Town Fields, within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County Palatine of Durham, for and

on Behalf of themselves, and other the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Town Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, certain Open and Common Town Fields, called The East Field, The West Field, and The Middle Field, containing together, by Estimation, 700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that John Wharton and Crosyer Surtees, Esquires, are Lords of the said Manor of Crawcrook, and they, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds lying and being within, or Parcel of, the said Open and Common Town Fields, and the said several Owners and Proprietors are also entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands and Grounds of each other, lying within the said Open and Common Town Fields, during, certain Seasons of the Year, in certain Shares and Proportions, commonly called Stints, Pasture Gates, or Cattle Gates; and that the Lands and Grounds of the said respective Owners and Proprietors, within the said Open and Common Town Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, in several Places, distant from each other, and in small Parcels, and in that Respect are very inconvenient, and, in their present Situation and Circumstances, incapable of Improve-Vol.49.

ment, and would tend greatly to the Advantage and improvement of the Estates and Properties of all the Parties interested therein, to have the said Open and Common Town Fields severed; divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their several Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the other Purposes in the Said Bill to be mentioned, with, and under, such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor and Mr: Tempest do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of Clackmanan the County of Clackmanan, and of that Part of Perth- and Perth-

shire through which the Road after-mentioned passes, shi^e.Row* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Petition' to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the great Road leading from the long Casway of Stirling, Eastwards, through the County of Clackmanan and Part of the County of Perth, through the Parishes of Logie;

Alloa, and Clackmanan, where the same joins Perthshire at the Lands of Tulliallan, near Kilbagie, and from thence, Eastward, through the Parishes of Tulliallan and Culross by the Towns of Kincardine and Culross, in the County of Perth, where the same joins Fifeshire at, or near, New Mill Bridge, is very much frequented as w'ell by Travellers as by the Carriage of Goods to and from the Towns of Dunfermline, Torrybum, Culross, Kincardine, Clackmanan, Alloa, and Stirling, and of Coals from sundry Coal Works within those Counties; and that, in some Parts, the said Road in its present Tract is dangerous to Travellers, and by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the same, is in many Parts ruinous, and so much out of Repair, that Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger; and that the repairing of the said Road will be of great Advantage to the Public, and will tend greatly to the Interest of Commerce, but the ordinary Means provided by Law, for repairing Roads in that Part of the United Kingdom, have hitherto proved ineffectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for having the Roads before-mentioned repaired, by a Toll to be levied at Gates or Turnpikes to be erected for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Sir Thomas Dundas,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Linlithgow thereto subscribed, being Trustees named and ap- and Stirling pointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thir- Roads P»-tieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, herein after titio11-more particularly mentioned, and others, Land Owners within the County of Stirling, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year o? His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term and alter " the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of " his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the " Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the " Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for " repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian's,

" in the said County of Stirling," several Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted to certain Trustees for repairing the aforesaid Roads, and for other Purposes

3N iii

Hullman and Rudolf's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Bisbrooke and Lidding-ton Inclosure Petition.

230 25° Februarii. . 1794.

in the said Act mentioned; and that it will tend much to the Improvement of Agriculture and Commerce, were the Powers contained in the said Act enlarged, in so far as to enable the Trustees to make and keep in Repair a Road across the said County of Stirling, leading from the Lanark and Linlithgowshire new Turnpike Road (which is also nearly connected with the Cleugh Turnpike Road, leading to the Town and Port of Borroustownness) at or near Torpichen Bridge Northwards, by or near Park End or to join the

Road leading to the Harbour of the Great Canal at Grangemouth, and from thence by Bridges over the Canal and Carron, at or near Carron Shore, or the Ford near Kerse, passing towards Airth and to join the Roads leading towards Higgins Newk and Kersyferry's upon the Forth, and from the Road leading from Kersy Ferry to join the present Turnpike Road at or near Saint Ninians, leading to Glasgozv by

Denny and Cumbernauld, and from that Part of the said Turnpike Road at or near through the

Lands of Plean and Powhouse, by Hamilton Farm and Chapel Bum, leading to the Bridges aforesaid, to be built over the Carron and Canal, and to erect Toll Bars thereon, under the usual Restrictions, passing through the Parishes of Muiravonside, Polmont, Falkirk, Bolhkennar, Airth, Saint Ninian's, and Larbere: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and enlarge the aforesaid Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other and further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, At Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gerard Hullman and William Rudolf, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bisbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, adjoining to the said Manor, called Liddington Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open Common Fields, and other Lands and Grounds before-mentioned are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their Rights and Interests, great Advantage would arise to the Petitioners and the other Persons interested, and it would also be of Benefit to the respective Parties, if certain Rights of Common, belonging to the Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the said Manor of Bisbrooke, over or upon the Common Fields, Mea-

dows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Seaton, which adjoins to the said Manor, were extinguished, and proper Compensation made for the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Heathcoie do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Southnew-Open and Common Fields, and Common or Com- Inclo-monable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, 8Ure etiUon* and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Southneivington, otherwise Southnewton aforesaid,

certain Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, containing together, by Estimation, 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, and divers others, are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds, Pastures,

Commons, and Tythes, lying and arising within the said Parish, and in respect of their several Lands and Grounds, are entitled to, and do enjoy, Common of Pasture for their Cattle upon the said Open and Common Fields, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Parsons; and that the said several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and other Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields dalled Southnewington, otherwise Southneioton Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and by reason thereof, sufficient Quantity of Manure apd Compost cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the same, nor frequent Trespasses and Disputes among the Petitioners and other Proprietors and their Tenants be prevented, and so long as the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, lie Open and Uninclosed, the same produce but little Profit to the Proprietors and Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners and other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to them in Severalty, in Lieu of and in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, and the making such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Interest: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for slotting, dividing, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Parker and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Reading and into execution an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Puntfield Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between the " Bear

34 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

231

Upton Gray

Inclosure

Petition.

" Bear Inn, in Reading, and in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for repairing several other Roads in this " Act mentioned," was presented to the Houge, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, great Part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers and Authorities given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or Otherwise interested in the Common Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields, together with the Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shaM seem meet.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Joshua Smith and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Tuddenham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure Bill Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

committed.

Snaith and Cowick Em- " bankment and Drainage Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Christopher Burton Dawnay, Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of Ireland, Henry Yarburgh, Nicholas Edmund burgh, Esquires, die Reverend Edward Bracken, Doctor of Laws, Robert Moore, John Frick ley, Henry Mitton, Peter Denby, William Bradley, and William Gray,

Gentlemen, Proprietors of Lands and Tythes within the several Townships of Snaith and Cowick, in the Parish of Snaith, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, divers Marshes, Ings, Carrs, Inclosures, Lands, and Low Grounds, which are subject to be frequently Vol. 49.

Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed by Water, and the Embankment and Drainage, at present made for the Preservation of the same, are ineffectual, and in bad Condition: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual embanking, draining, and preserving certain Marshes, Ings, Cars, Inclosures, Lands, and Low Grounds, within the several Townships of Snaith and Cowick, in the Parish of Snaith aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others of Kirk Kirk Sandall, Sandall, Long Sandall, and Streetthorpe, in the Parish *c\ ^nc,03ur« of Kirk Sandall in the County of York, whose Names etmon' are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within Kirk Sandall, Long Sandall, and Streetthorpe, in the said Parish of Kirk Sandall, several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the^whers, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares,

Rights and Interests, and proper Allotments of Land, or Payments, ascertained and directed to be made in Lieu of, and as an Equivalent and Compensation for,

Tythes to the Owners thereof, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and making Compensation for Tythes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Turton, Esquire, Lord of the Cridling Manor of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of York, Stubbs Inclo-and the Petition of the Right honourable Charles *ure Petition. Lord Stourton, which said John Turton and Lord Stour-ton are Owners of Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields, and also of several Houses and Frontsteads having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, are, in their present open State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Persons interested therein, the said Lands and Waste Grounds might be greatly improved:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce anil Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's York Debtors Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the County of p«tition-York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Thorp Audlin

inclosure

Petition.

Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill deferred.

Callicoe Printers, &c. Petition.

Jersey and Irwell Navigation Petition.

232 25° FebruA. 1794

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Common Right Houses, and Frontsteads, and of Lands and Grounds in the Township of Thorp in the

Parish of Badsworth, in the County of York, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Thursday Morning next, the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

A Petition of William Kilburn, of Carshalton, in the County of Surrey, Callicoe Printer, of Mitcham, in the said County of Surrey, Callicoe Printer, and of others, Designers, Printers, and Proprietors of Patterns, used in the Art of printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time, is near expiring; and that the said Act has, by experience, been found to be useful and beneficial, and, if the Term of the Property vested in the Petitioners was extended to the Term of Three Months, and the said Act made perpetual, it would be the Means of more effectually securing the Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

A Petition of William Crosbie, Esquire, Joseph Tipping, Merchant, Henry Norris, and Thomas Lyon,

Esquires, and William Marsden, Corn Dealer, the Committee of the Proprietors of the Mersey and well Navigation from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, for and on the Behalf of themselves and all others, the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and " Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," and, in pursuance thereof, the said Rivers were many Years since made Navigable at a very great Expence to the Undertakers and Proprietors, and the said Rivers are now navigable between Liverpool and Manchester aforesaid, and are of great Public Utility; and that, by reason of the great Increase of the Trade and Manufactures of the said County of Lancaster since the making of the before mentioned Act, the Navigation upon the said Rivers hath become very considerable, and, the present Proprietors thereof being very numerous, the Petitioners are desirous that they may be incorporated into a Body Politic and Corporate, and that the said Navigation, and the Tonnage Rates and Duties, Estates and Property, belonging to the said Proprietors, may become vested in such Body Corporate, for the Benefit of thfe said several Proprietors, according to their several and respective Shares therein, and that such Shares may be deemed Personal Estate:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering the said Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, by incorporating the Proprietors and Owners of Shares in the said Navigation into a Body Corporate, by the Name of " The Company " of Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation," and vesting the Estates and Property belonging to the said Proprietors in such Body Corporate, for the Benefit of the said several Proprietors, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Com Dealers thereto subscribed, being Growers of, or Dealers in Petition. Com, or concerned in buying and selling of Com and Grain, in several different Parts of the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That notwithstanding it seems to have been the Object of the Legislature from the beginning of the Thirteenth Century to the present Time, to establish, throughout the Kingdom, One uniform Measure for Corn, and many Acts of Parliament have been passed, and other Means used, to effect the same, it is notorious that in many or most Parts of the Kingdom, there is an arbitrary Provincial or Customary Bushel, or Measure for Com, used, and almost every Market Town, and every Part of the Country, in some Respect, differs from another in the Shape and Size of the Measure, and in the manner of filling and measuring the same, or in some or one of those Particulars, and the Dimensions and solid Contents of the Brass Bushels, and other Measures, which have been sent to various Parts of the Country, and kept as Standards, and supposed to be according to those in the Exchequer, differ, some in a greater, and others in a lesser Degree: That the several Acts of Parliament, passed ior regulating Measures, enact.

That there shall be but one Measure, and that according

34 Geo. III.

25° Febru

233

ing to the Standard in the Exchequer, used throughout the Kingdom, but none, or very few of them, in any Respect define or ascertain the Dimensions or Size of such Measure. By Acts of Parliament, of 16 Charles I. C. 19. 22 CharlesII. C. 8. and 22 and 23 Charles II. C. 12. in all Cases relating to Buying or Selling of Corn, the Use of a Bushel, agreeable to the Standard marked in His Majesty's Exchequer, commonly called The Winchester Bushel, there said to contain Eight Gallons to the Bushel, and no more or less, is directed under several severe Penalties as there mentioned. — The Act of 13

IV. III. C. 5. which was (amongst other Things) for laying a Duty of Six Pence a Bushel upon all Malt in Hand on the 9th of March 1701, and upon all that should be made from that Time to the 24th of June 1703, enacts, that by the Bushel there mentioned is meant and intended a Bushel according to the Standard remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlain of His Majesty's Exchequer, commonly called and known by the Name of The Winchester Bushel; and in the latter Part of the Act it is stated, " That, to the End " all His Majesty's Subjects may know the Content " of the Winchester Bushel, whereunto this Act refers, and that all Disputes and Differences about " Measure may bet prevented for the future, it is " hereby declared, that every round Bushel, with a " plain and even Bottom, being made Eighteen Inches " and an Half wide throughout, and Eight Inches " deep, shall be esteemed a legal Winchester Bushel, " according to the Standard in His Majesty's Exchequer;" and all,- or most of the Acts, which, since the Expiration of this Act, have passed annually, for laying a Duty upon Malt, direct the Duties to be collected under the like, or nearly the like, Rules and Regulations as are mentioned in this Act: That, in the Year 1758 and 1759, some Reports were made by Committees of the House of Commons appointed to enquire into the Original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto, these Reports were ordered to be printed, bat no further Proceedings were had respecting the same; and by those Reports it appears, that the Bushel used at the Exchequer as a Standard is less than Eight of the Standard Gallons there, a Gallon less than Four of the Standard Quarts, and a Quart more than Two of the Standard Pints; viz.

The Bushel, which is dated 1601 (in the Time of Queen Elizabeth) contains - - 2,124 Cubical Inches.

The Gallon, dated 1601, marked with an E and

Crown, contains - - - 271

The Quart, dated 1601 - - 70

The Pint, ----- -1602 - - 34. 8

That it appears also, by those Reports, that all Duties of Customs payable by the Bushel, are collected by the Winchester Bushel, made agreeable to the Act of \$W. III.; that the Bushel is struck, and, to strike it, is used a round circular Strike, which is of the same Diameter from one End to the other, and, by Order of the Commissioners of the Customs, it is to be used in all Ports of the Kingddm; and, by the said Reports, it also appears to be the Opinion of the Committee, that Measures of Capacity should be ascertained by the Number of Cubical Inches therein contained; and that all Goods, measured by any such, should not be heaped, but stricken with a round Strike of the same Diameter from one End to the other; and they further pointed out to the House what they thought were the proper Contents of such Measures: That several late Acts of Parliament have recognized, and, in some Respects tolerated, a Customary or Provincial Measure, and the Use of it, in a great many Places, is general: That several Informations, on the Statutes of Charles II. for selling Grain by a Measure different from the Winchester Measure, have been lately made, Vol. 49.

and several Persons have been convicted in the Penalties there mentioned; and some of those Convictions have been removed into the Court of King's Bench, and there have been argued and affirmed:

Those Convictions have awakened the Attention of many People, and many Sellers and Buyers of Corn have provided themselves with new Bushels, according to the Standard, or what they thought according to . the new Standard; but these, coming from different Makers, in London and elsewhere, are different in Shape, and are found, by a Comparison, not to be of equal Size: That, from w'hat has before been stated, it appears, that a Bushel sized by, or made according to, 13 W.III. C. 5, round, 18$ Inches in Diameter, and 8 Inches deep, will contain ----- - 2,150 Cubical Inches

The Standard Bushel in the Exchequer - - - - 2,124

Eight of the Standard Gallons 2,168 Thirty-two of the Standard

Quarts - - - 2,240

Sixty-four of the Standard

Pints..... 2,227

From these Contradictions it is probable the Inequality which now exists in Measures might originate; and, as the Laws now stand, it seems equally legal to adopt a, Measure according to 13 W. III. or of any other Form, if equal to the Standard Bushel, or Eight of the Standard Gallons, which will differ from each other about One Part out of Forty, or, perhaps, to adopt a Measure containing 32 of the Exchequer Quarts, or 64 Pints, which will differ from some of the first-mentioned Measures about One Part out of Twenty: That the Shape of the Measure, and the Manner of filling and striking the same, being different (as is the Case in many Parts of the Kingdom now) will occasion a considerable Difference in the real Quantity contained in a Measure of any given Number of solid Inches; and that, owing to these Inaccuracies and Uncertainties, many Inconveniencies and Disputes do, and are likely to arise, to the great Hindrance of Trade, and Grievance of the Petitioners, and others of His Majesty's Subjects: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Bill may be brought in, and passed into a Law, exactly to define the Form, Dimensions, and solid Contents of a Bushel, or some other Measure, for Com, and the Manner it is to be filled and stricken, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper, or to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Tewkesbury so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year *Joad8 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- t,a" cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury,

" to Coscomb Gate, and from Isabels Elm, to the Top " of Gotherington Hill, in the County of Gloucester,

" and from Tewkesbury to a Farm House, called The " Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford Brook, and from " Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge, and " to the Road opposite to Elstone Church, and from the " Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road " from Burford to Gloucester, hear a Tree called Pctvsdon Ash, in the said County of ," as relates

to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, and also, for executing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of " an Act, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

3 O " his

1

f-

ft

25° Febru

234

" his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several " Roads therein described, leading from the Town of " Tetckesbury, in the County of , as relates

" to the First District of Roads therein mentioned,

" and for amending the Road from Comb to a

Bridge, near Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucesler, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn to " shore, in the County of ,"and also the

Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That considerable Progress hath been made in amending and improving the Roads comprized by the said recited Acts in the said First District, in the doing of which a large Debt hath been contracted, and still remains due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the said Debt paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said First District, be enlarged, and it would facilitate the Execution of the Powers and Provisions necessary for the Amendment, and Repair of the said Roads, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament; and that the Roads loading from Tewkesbury aforesaid towards Gloucester, from, or near, a certain Direction Post standing in the said Road, at the Top of a Lane leading to

ton, in the said County of Gloucester, to the Top of a Hill, called Walton H, in the Parish of Deerhurst in the same County, and from the Village of Church Sianway, in the said County, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the same County, and from Gotheringion Hill aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road which leads from Cheltenham to Stoioon the Wold aforesaid, near Sireford Inn, in the Parish of Whittington, in the same County, and from Simmond's Ford Brook aforesaid, through the Parish of Beckford, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at or near Beckford Inn, in the Parish of Bedford aforesaid, are much out of Repair, narrow, and circuitous in some Places, and very incommodious, and it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if Powers were granted for amending, widening, turning, improving, and repairing the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Martin, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chester Po- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

lice Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing, the Streets, Rows, and Paissages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chestei', was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing, the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the said City, and, by virtue of the said Act, certain Guardians are appointed for carrying the same into Effect, so far as relates to regulating the Poor, and also certain Com-

1794.

missioners for executing the same, so far as relates to the other Intents and Purposes thereof; and that the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the several Powers thereby vested in them, but find the same, in many Respects, defective and inadequate to carrying the good Purposes of the said Act into Effect: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing, the Streets,

Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the said City of Chester, and for removing Nuisances, and preventing Annoyances within the same City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Belgrade, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Huddersfield upon Thursday last, for reading a Second Time, upon that Day Sevennight, the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to, or near, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Carlisle Peti-Yesterday, for taking into Consideration, upon Thurs- ^on day, the 17th Day of April next, the Petition of Thomas of^lection Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward deferred. Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yorker, Thomas Wy-ley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward,

Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 28th day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Shelton In-

O O O t % *11

Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable B,u Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, 1>assed' in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Duplicates of Schedules of each Allotment.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. 1. 31. To leave out " shall commence

" within" and insert " be computed from the Expiration " of," instead thereof.

And

Brunswick's Nat Bill, passed.

Bill to regulate the Price for grinding Corn deferred.

The Lords will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hast ings's Trial.

Bristol Bury* ing Ground, &c. Petition.

34 Geo. III. 25° Fe 235

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday,. for reading a Second Time, upon this Day Sevennight, the Bill to regulate the Price to be paid to Millers for grinding Com, might -be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 7th Day of March next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

the Trade of the City, and it is expedient that the same should be re-conveyed to the Corporation of Bristol, who are willing to pay to the said Trustees a valuable Consideration for the same, and also to contribute largely towards increasing the Fund necessary to extricate the said Trustees out of their present Difficulties and Incumbrances: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of the Debts, so as before-mentioned contracted by them, and for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to the Marquis of Worcester, the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ^eP°rt Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- "upp ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Provision for That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of Militia* the Militia, for the Year 1794.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages, within the Parish of Saint " Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the " Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have duly executed the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Act, and have made and completed divers commodious Ways and Passages within the said Parish, very useful to the Trade of the said City in general, as well as to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and beneficial to the Community at large, and the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish bath been sufficiently enlarged; and that, in performing the said several Works, the Whole of the Money authorized to be raised by the said Act hath been duly applied and expended, and the Trustees have unavoidably contracted a large Debt, which cannot be paid off without the further Aid of Parliament: That, in the Year 1677, the Corporation of the said City conveyed in Fee to the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the said Parish of Saint Stephen, a Plot of void Ground, situate in a Place then called The Marsh, within the said Parish, to be used by the Parishioners of the said Parish as a Church Yard, for interring the Bodies of the Dead, and the said Ground hath ever since been so used, but the said Trustees having enlarged their other Burying Ground (which is situate contiguous to the Church of Saint Stephen) the said Plot of Ground so conveyed by the Corporation is not now wanted by the said Parish for a Burying Ground, and is become a Nuisance to the Neighbourhood, but, being situate near the Public Quays within the said City, might be converted to Purposes very beneficial to Vol. 49.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Postage and Conveyance of Letters by Letters by the the Carriage called The Penny Post, be now read. Penny Post

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the stud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Planters of the West India Colonies resident in Great Britain, and of the Merchants trading to the said Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves; and Setting forth, That the Supply of Negroes, which the British Sugar Islands have hitherto had, has depended in a great Measure on the Encouragement which the African Merchants have met with in having different Markets to resort to besides those of the British Colonies, and if they are now deprived of the Liberty of supplying Foreign Markets, Foreigners must of Necessity take up the Trade for themselves, and this will of Course raise new Competition on the Coast of Africa, by Means of which the Price of Negroes will be advanced, the Supply of our Islands be rendered precarious, and a valuable Branch of the British Commerce diverted to other Channels, while no one good Purpose, either of

Policy

Petition against the Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

Petition against the hill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

236 25° Februarii. 1794.

Policy or Humanity, will be answered by the Measure; and that the Ends of Wisdom or Philanthropy not being attainable by the proposed Bill, various Provisions of the same are, and must be, in their Nature most vexatious, and tend to impede Communication, and diminish, and ultimately annihilate, the Trade, between the several British Colonies in British Vessels navigated according to Law, and in those Seas principally by Negro Slaves: That, at this alarming Conjuncture, when such Proceedings have taken place in the National Convention of France, and in some of the French West India Colonies, as must tend to destroy all Subordination, and produce universal Anarchy and Destruction throughout all the French Colonies in the Wiest Indies, the Petitioners are apprehensive that any farther Proceedings on the said Bill may suggest Grounds of Mischief, and have the most alarming Consequences in our o<vn Sugar Islands: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the Principle and Provisions of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be attended with the most fatal Effects, not only to the Petitioners in particular, but to the African and West India Trade in general, and to the Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation, of this Country; that the Supply of Negro Labourers to the Foreign Colonies in the West Indies and America has always been considered as one of the Branches of the African Trade the moot beneficial to this Country, the Merchandize employed in the said Trade being chiefly British Manufacture, the Navigation British, and the Returns generally in hard Specie; that the British Islands in the West Indies derive many great and important Advantages from the said Trade, among which the Petitioners beg Leave to state the following: It encourages the African Merchant to bring into their Ports a much greater Number of Labourers than they themselves have occasion for, from whence they draw a considerable Revenue by the Import Duties thereon; it gives them a more certain and a more abundant Supply for their own Plantations, leaving only the Refuse of the Market for their Neighbours; it leaves to the Profit of the Islands One Tenth Part of the Value of all such surplus Slaves, besides considerable Sums expended in Charges attending the Sale of the same; it brings a Number of Foreign Vessels into their Ports, and thereby opens a Door for Commercial Intercourse of infinite Advantage, as well to the said Islands as to the Mother Country; and, it enables the Slave Factors to grant such great Indulgencies to our own Planters in the Payments for their Slaves as they never could afford if it were not for the Resources which they draw from the said Trade: That this particular Branch of the African Trade has been always justiy held to be of infinite Value to the Commerce of this Country; that Government, sensible of its great Importance, has given every possible Encouragement and Protection to the British Merchant in the Prosecution of it, and has used great Exertions to extend and to secure it exclusively to this Country, more particularly by the memorable Treaty of Utrecht; and that the Petitioners, under the Sanction of various Acts of Parliament, and under the most watchful Protection of Government, have been encouraged to embark very large Capitals in the Prosecution of the African Trade at large: That before the Depression of Commerce, occasioned by the present War, there were 140 Ships employed in the Trade from the Port of Liverpool alone, which, from their peculiar Form and Construction, are unfit for any other Trade; that the said Ships, with their Outfits and Cargoes, consisting

chiefly of British Manufactures, formed an actual Capital of about £. 1,190,000, and, if to this be added the repeated Investments by the same Ships before the Returns for former Adventures could come in a Course of Payment, the whole Property in Circulation, on Account of the said Trade, would amount to a Sum not less than £. 1,920,000 besides the great Sums employed therein from other Ports: That of this immense Capital, at least Two Thirds has been employed in that particular Branch of the Trade, the Abolition of which is intended by the present Bill; and, if its Operation were even to stop there, its Effect would he of the most fatal Consequence to the Petitioners and others concerned in it; but it is with the most serious Alarm they beg Leave to represent, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will go to an Abolition of almost the Whole of the British Trade for Slaves, because no Merchant of any Prudence will risk his Property for the Supply of a Market where it must be altogether at the Mercy of the Purchaser; besides, the Competition upon the Windward and Gold Coast of Africa with other Europeans has been of late Years so great, that it would be altogether impossible to supply our Islands from thence, and the Trade to all the other Parts of Africa must be totally abandoned, the Slaves from thence being of little Estimation in our Islands, and the Adventures, necessarily large, hearing no Proportion to the Littleness of the Demand for them; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that, while the present Bill would deprive this Nation of a most important Branch of its Commerce, and ruin our West India Islands, it would not, at the same Time, have any Effect in the Attainment of that particular Object for which it is intended, it being utterly impossible, by any Law of this Country* to hinder Foreigners from obtaining Negro Slaves the certain Consequence then would be the Transfer of this Trade, with all its attendant Benefits, to other Nations, who would rejoice at this Prohibition, as they would be thereby enabled to avail themselves of the British Intelligence and Industry, which they are now actually courting, to carry it on from their own Ports; and that the Petitioners finally beg Leave to observe, that, if ever there was a Time when the Distresses of Individuals might claim a more than ordinary Attention and Indulgence from Parliament, it is the present, when the Commerce and Industry of the Country labour under the heaviest Depression and Discouragement; they therefore humbly presume to hope, from the Justice and Humanity of the House, that they will not suffer them to be disturbed in the Pursuit of what remains to them of a fair and honest Trade, which they have enjoyed for a long Course of Years under the Security and Encouragement of Parliament, to the infinite Advantage of this Country and its Colonies: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that they will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that they will grant such further Protection and Relief as to the House may. seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be, made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

The

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Ter ] ritories with Slaves committed.

34 Geo. III. 25'' — 26?

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdier, for *. Yeas, {& "jW *

T*re for the Noes. } 38.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be How read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 7th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-uouai Dimes *n§' res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill*deferred. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Class addi- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-B^defmed. *n8' reso^ve dself into a Committee of the whole House, m upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Attornies Duties Bill deferred.

Bricks and Tiles addi-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 34° Georgii Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

Letcomb A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Regis and xjL Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of eTk»ur* ^an<^s an^ Common of Pasture, in and over the Competition. Ure mon Meadow after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the Parishes of Letcomb Regis and Letcomb , in the County of Bei'ks, a certain Common Meadow called White Mead, which, from the dispersed and intermixed Situation of the Lands belonging to the different Proprietors, and from other Circumstances, is, in its present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Proprietors, it would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that . Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Loveden do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Borrowstonn- A Petition of Douglas Duke of Hamilton and ness Two Brandon, See. and of the principal Merchants, Ship-Petition COtS masters> aQd Inhabitants, of the Town of

ness, in the County of North Britain, was

presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, Vol. 4<?.

Febructrii.

passed in the Seventeenth Year of the iteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two-penny Scots, of a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, brought into,- tapped/ or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Duty of Two-penny Scots, or a Sixth Pait of a Penny Sterling, was not only continued, but extended to every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that should be either brewed/ brought into, tapped, or sold, within that Part of the Parish of Bor rowstounness which is not comprehended within the Town and Liberties thereof, and that the said Duty should be paid to the then Trustees, not only for repairing the Streets and Harbour of the said Town, but also for bringing in a Supply of good Water, and other Purposes; and that the Town Of Borrowstoun-ness has a considerable Foreign and Coasting Trade, and large Quantities of Coal and Salt, from the Works belonging to the Petitioner, Douglas Duke of Hamilton, in the Neighbourhood, are shipped off from that Harbour, and much Benefit has arisen to the Trade from the Repairs and Improvements made upon the Piers, supported by the Impost above-mentioned, for, since the Commencement thereof, not only have the Two main Piers been much extended, but a Bason Wall with Sluices so constructed as has effectually cleaned the Harbour, and continues to preserve a Depth of Water enjoyed by few Harbours in the Forth, and from that Wall a middle Pier has been run out, and all the Works kept in constant good Repair; and that a further Extension of the East Pier for more Accommodation to the Shipping, and for defending them from the North Easterly Storms, has been founded; which important Improvement, with the continual Annual Repairs, will more than exhaust the Funds, and, unless a renewal of the said Duty on Ale and Beer shall be granted, the Petitioners must look forward to a great Reverse in the State of the Harbour,-which would soon become ruinous, and of Course the Trade of the Port dwindle away; and that the Repairs and Improvements on the Harbour have always been considered of the first Consequence, and the Funds have never yet been adequate for enabling the Trustees to attempt a very desirable Object, the bringing in good Water, the Want of which has long been severely felt by the Town of Borrozcstou: It is intended also to have the middle Pier extended, and a dry Dock constructed, a Work highly necessary for the Safety of Shipping under Repair, and Part of the Funds will also be necessary for keeping the Streets in Order; and* that the said Duty on Ale and Beer has greatly declined in the Annual Amount during the last Twenty-five Years, so as now not much to exceed Half of the Amount Twenty Years ago, and the Trustees will thereby be prevented from carrying forward those Works, so necessary to the Prosperity of the Trade of the Town, and the Convenience and Health of the Inhabitants, unless Parliament shall think fit to increase the Fund by a Mode which appears very natural, an Anchorage on the Shipping, of One Penny Half-penny Sterling per Ton, which it is thought may prove sufficient, with the former Impost, for all the Purposes mentioned, and so moderate an Anchorage will be cheerfully paid by the Ship Owners, in view to the increased Improvement of the Harbour, and the additional Security thereby offered the Shipping resorting the reto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the aforesaid Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

3 P amine

26° FebruariL

A. 1794

3

atnine the Matter thereof )and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hopse:

And it is referred to Mr. Hope, Mr. John Hamilton, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thomtonand Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Inclosure Viscount Maynard, Lord of the Manors of Thornton Petition. and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, certain Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are not capable of any considerable Improvement, but might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be' given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pochin and Mr. PennAssheton Curzon do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Sutton Che- A Petition of the Right honourable Mary PeYfn°SUre C°unte3S Howager of Bute, and the humble Petition e ition. of several of the Proprietors of Lands and Common Right in the Common and Open Fields, Heath, Woodlands, Common, or Waste Ground, within the Township, Precincts, or Territories, of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be, if inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if the said Common and Open Fields, Heath, Woodlands, Common, or Waste Ground, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to his or her Interest therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Heath, Woodlands, Common, or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Marston A Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Bridge, Ash- Earl of Stamford, the Right honourable Robert Earl by de la Ferrers, the Right honourable Francis T^cknalf&c tln$s Moira, and the Right honourable Thomas Canal ' Lord Viscount JVentzcorth, and the humble Petition

Petition. of the several other Persons, whose Names are there

unto subscribed, residing in the several Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Derby, or concerned, or otherwise interested, in Lands, Mines, Trades, and Manufactures, there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from the Coventry Canal, at, or near, Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to, or nearly to, the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from, or nearly from, the said Town of Ashby de la Zouch, to, or near, the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, the Lime Works, Lead Mines, and Coal Mines, at Staunton Harold, Lime Works at in the Parish of

*3

Bretdon, and Coal Mines at Coleorton, in the County of Leicester, and also a Cut, or Branch, for the Purposes of Navigation from the said Canal at, or near,

Boothorpe, in the said County of Leicester, to, or near, the Coal Mines at Swadlincote and Church Gresley, in the County of Derby, whereby the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Townships through which the said Canal is intended to pass, and also of the adjacent Towns and Places, will be supplied with Coals, Lime, and Merchandize, at much lower Rates than they are at present, and, by the Communication which will be thereby opened with the Coventry, Oxford, Grand Junction, and other Canals, great Advantages will not only arise to the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Warwick, and the Cities of Coventry and Oxford, but also to the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Gloucester, and other Counties, and be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Navigable Canal and Cut, or Branch, with such Powers and Provisions, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Rawdon, c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, Kington and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Eariisley carrying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, ^oad8l>*!L of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late on, repo Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Latte, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kingloti aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Ear-disley, to Almeley, to Eckley's Green, to to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County* and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of disley, to Willers/ey Turnpike Gate, in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Lloyd Harris, being examined, said,

That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some Alterations and Amendments made to the said Acts: — He further said,

That the Roads leading from Lyons Pound to Tit-ley, and from the Village of Lyonshall to a Place called The Two Mile Gate, on the Road between Kington aforesaid and Pembridge, and from the Village of Pembridge, by Milton's Cross and Stockley Cross, to Stansbatch, and from Legen Cross, in die Parish of Eardisland, to Stretford's Bridge, in the Parish of Stretford, all in the County of Hereford, are greatly out of Repair, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary

Course

Co1

fro'

ton

Pa

enli

T*

Thi

gne

wit

wit

wit

Ro

Co

bri

,-fete til

o.

3 ED

St

la

1 S

s

f(

c

s

a

u

t

bfrove

juuley

uspe*

i L

Carlisle and Scotch Dyke lload Petition.

Bromsgrove and Dudley Roads Petition.

34 Geo. III. 26° Februa 239

Course of Law; and there is no direct Carriage Road from a Place, called The Kno in the Parish of King-ton, to a Bridge now building over the River Wye, in the Parish of Witney, in the said County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County, and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts: And that Sir Cornewall and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to, or near, the Highway or Road leading from the City of Carlisle, or Stanwix Bank, near Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to Sark Bridge, and from Longtownto the Scotch Dyke adjoining, or near, to the Shire of Dumfries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highway, leading from the said City of Carlisle, or Stamcuv Bank, near it, through Longtown, to

Sark Bridge, and from Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke aforesaid, which passes through Part of the several Parishes of Stanwix (including the Hamlet of King Moor) Rockliff, Kirklinton, Arthuret, and Kirkandrews upon Esk, all within the said, County of Cumberland, is

so ruinous and bad, especially in the Winter Season, that Travellers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger, and the same cannot, by the ordinary lawful Means be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting, and altering the said Road from the said City of Carlisle, or Stanwiv Bank, near to Sark Bridge and Scotch Dyke aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Satterthioaite, Mr. Lowther,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of King George the Second, and of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Broomsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Woand from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in

the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley was made a separate District, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected within the said District, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts; and that the making and maintaining a Road from The Bush Inn, in Dudley aforesaid, to communi-Vol. 49.

cate with the said Ifanpike Road at or near a Place called The Cinder Banks, in the Parish of Dudley, would be of Public Utility, by opening a nearer and more convenient Communication with the Town of Dudley, and several extensive Mines of Coal in the Vicinity thereof; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Netherton, in the said Parish of Dudley, by a certain Place, called Comgreaves, to Halesowen, and also, the Road from the last mentioned Road, at or near a House called The Fox Oak, in the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford, to the Township of Cradley, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Stourbridge to Halesowen aforesaid, at or near a Place called Colley Gate, in Cradley aforesaid, are greatly out of Repair and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and the amending and widening the said Roads will be of great Benefit to all Persons residing or having Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, for Such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the new or additional Roads hereinbefore described.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within "J>end the the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets eIJand. of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, R^d ^and

Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, Sutton Saint South Hoi-Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the land Drain~ County of Lincoln, and also, the humble Petition of age AcU* the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from " Spalding High Bridge, through Coicbitt, Peakill,

" Crowland, and Peakirk, and for making, and keep-

" ing in Repair, a Road thereon, and from thence to " the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln,

" and Northampton," was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Great Bank of the Rivet Welland, from Spalding " High Bridge, through Cowbit, Peakill, Crowland, and " Peakirk, and for making and keeping in Repair, a " Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of " Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton," and another Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain " Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (in- eluding the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston,

" Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton

" Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln and that a Progress hath been made in putting the said last mentioned Act in Execution, and it i3 discovered that the Powers thereof are defective, and it is necessary the same should be altered and amended, and that

Petition to emend the Welland Bank and Boad Act.

Fleet Inclo-tire, &c. Petition.

240 26° Febru . 17 & 4,

the Commissioners or Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should be enabled to compound with the Trustees, appointed by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining of the Fen called Deeping Fen, and other " Fens therein mentioned," for the Repairs of the Bank on the East Side of the River Welland, from a Place in Crowland, called Brotherkouse, to Spalding

High Bridge; and that the said Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, hath been duly put in Execution, in the Progress whereof a very large Sum of Money, borrowed at Interest on the Credit thereof, hath been duly expended; and that the Term of the said Act is very near expiring, and the Whole of the Debt so contracted is still due, together with a large Arrear of Interest, which cannot be paid off, and the said Bank be maintained, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended, altered, and enlarged, and further and other Provisions made for the future Care and Support of the said Bank: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for carrying into Effect the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Tkorold, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation " of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from " ing High Bridge through Cowbit, Peakill, Crowland, " and Peakirk, and for making and keeping in Repair " a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of " Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and " ton," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act hath been duly put in Execution, in the Progress whereof a very large Sum of Money, borrowed at Interest on the Credit thereof, hath been duly expended; and that the Term of the said Act is very near expiring, and the Whole of the Debt so contracted is still due, together with a large Arrear of Interest, which cannot be paid off, and the said Bank be maintained, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the said Parish, a certain Open Common, and also certain Droves, and Waste Lands, and the Petitioners, and others,

are entitled to Rights of Common over the same, and to other Rights and Interests therein; and that it w'ould be greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons interested in the said Common, Droves, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common, Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fleet aforesaid, and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands lying " in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the " Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Moulton,

" Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, G Sutton Saint " Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lution,

" all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln," subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Tkorold, Mr. Vyner,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names are whaplode thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and other and Holbeach Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes oiWhaplode and Inclosure, Holbeach,' in the County of Lincoln, was presented to Petition-the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, an Open and Common Fen, called Whaplode and Holbeach Common, and also several other Commonable Droves and Waste Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 2,200 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, in the said Parishes, have Right of Common, and the Petitioners are entitled to Rights of Common over the said Common Fen, Commonable Droves, and Waste Lands, and to other Rights and Interests therein; and that the said Common Fen, Commonable Droves, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common Fen, Commonable Droves, and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Whaplode and Holbeach aforesaid, and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands,

" lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including " the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton,

" Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint " Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherw ise Lutton,

" all in South Holland, in the County of ,"

subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Jodrell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, Lord Sphdegate, of the Manor of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in pec^t1i"t<jlosurt

the

Stilling and Dumbarton Roads Petition.

Petition to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

34 Geo. III. 26° Februa241

the County of Lincoln, and of Samuel Hurst, Elizabeth Raby, James Rawlinson, and several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Open Fields, Meadows, Heath, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Spiltlegate, Houghton, and JValton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Hamlets of Houghton,

and JValton, certain Open Uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and a Division and Inclosure of the same would be of great Benefit to the Estates of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Heath, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Poc do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of certain Landholders or Proprietors of Estates in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton by Drymen Bridge, with the following Branches, One to Strathblane, Kxllcarn, and

Denny, another to the West Side of the River Lexen near to Drumskalloch Wood, and a Third from Barr to Dumbuck, are some of the most frequented Roads in the West of Scotland, but the said Roads, and the Bridges which connect the same, are at present in a ruinous Condition, and in the Winter almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, to the very great Loss and Hurt of the Petitioners, and the Line of Direction of the said Roads is unfavourable to Travellers in sundry Places, and ought to be altered; and that the Funds for supporting the said Roads and Bridges are very scanty, and perfectly inadequate thereto, and the Petitioners are thoroughly satisfied that no other Method of providing the Funds necessary for accomplishing those desirable Purposes can be devised, unless by rendering Turnpike the Whole of the said Roads, and granting a Power to levy Tolls, borrow Money, &c. See. in die usual Way; and that the said Roads traverse the Parishes of Stirling, Saint Ninians, Gargunnock, Kippen, Drymen, Strathblane, Killearn, Balfron, Fin-bray, and Denny, in the County of Stirling, Kippen, in the County of Perth, and Kilmarnock, Bonhill, Dumbarton, and Wester Kilpatrick, in the' County of Dumbarton, also certain allodial Lands in the County of Stirling, forming a Part of the Constabulary of the Castle of Stirling: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Conditions as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Canal Navi-

gations, wa3 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers granted by Four Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighth, Ninth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigable Canal from Birmingham, in the County of Waneick, to Autherley, near Vol. 49.

hampton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the Canal Navigation made between the Rivers Secern and Trent, and also several Cuts branching therefrom up to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from a Place called Rider's Green, to Broadxcater Fire Engine, in the said County of Stafford, and several Collateral Cuts from the same to other Coal Mines, and also a Canal from the said Town of Birmingham to Fazeley, near Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, there to communicate with, the Coventry Canal Navigation; and, in pursuance of another Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Part of the Coventry Canal Navigation, between Fazeley aforesaid, and Whitlington, in the said County of Stafford, has been made and executed at the Expense of the Petitioners; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations may be extended, and

geatly improved, by making a Navigable Cut or anal from the Summit of the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near the Town of IVulverhanrpton, in the County of Stafford aforesaid, through the Manor of Stow Heath, the Liberty of Bilston, and the Parishes of Darlaston and

Wednesbury, to communicate with one of the said Branches of the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near Broadwater, in the said Parish of Wednesbury, with a Collateral Cut from and out of the said intended Canal at Stow Heath, in the Liberty of Willenhall, to terminate at the Road leading from Bilston to Willenhall, in the said Liberty, and also, by making another Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate again with the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near a Place called Deepfield, in the Parish of Scdgley, in the said County of Stafford; and also, that another Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the Termination of the said Branch of the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near Broadwater aforesaid, to or near the Town of JValsall, in the said County of Stafford, with Three Collateral Cuts or Branches leading out of the same intended Cut or Canal, that is to say, One of such Collateral Cuts or Branches, beginning in the Lands of the Heirs at Law of the late Thomas Hoo, EsquiFe, deceased, situate near Broadwater aforesaid, and terminating in other Lands of the said Heirs at Law of the said Thomas Hoo, deceased, in the Possession of James Lea, on the Western Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Ocker Hill to Bilston and JVolverhatnplon, in the Liberty of Bradley,

in the said County of Stafford, One other of such Collateral Cuts or Branches, beginning in the Lands of John Sansom, in the Parish of Darlaston, and terminate ing at or near the North West End of certain Lands of Thomas Loxdale, Esquire, called The Meadow, below near Pipe Hayes, in the Township or Liberty of Bilston, and the other of such Collateral Cuts or Branches, beginning in the Lands of William Thomas, in the Possession of Tobias Mallows, in the Parish of Darlaston aforesaid, above the Bridge over Bilston Brook, and terminating at or near the North East Side of certain Lands of the said Thomas Loxdale, in the Liberty of Willenhall aforesaid, called David's Barn Farm; and that the making the said Extensions, Navigable Canals, and Cuts, with proper Railways and other Works, and Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication with very extensive and valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, which lie upon or near the Lines of such intended Extensions, Canals, and Cuts, and by the Conveyance of Coal, Lime, Ironstone, Limestone, and Merchandize thereon, and by furnishing the

3 Q Towns

242 26° FebruaA. 1794.

Towns of BirminghamWolverhampton, and Walsall,

and several other Towns and Places, as well as the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, with an additional Supply of Coals; and that the Petitioners are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said several Extensions, Navigable Canals, and Cuts, in case they shall be authorized so to do by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for improving the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Canal Naviga-

tions, and for making the said Extensions, Navigable Canals, and Cuts, together with proper Railways or Works, and Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stoke upon A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Trwt Poor thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Petition. others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is very extensive, and the poor therein exceedingly numerous, and supported at a heavy and oppressive Expence by the Inhabitants; and that it is apprehended the Establishment of a suitable House for the Reception of the Poor within the said Parish, under proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend not only to the Benefit, Exoneration, and Advantage, of the Persons paying to the Poors Rates, but also to the better Relief of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

‘And it is referred to the Earl Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow'er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Burelem and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wools tan ton thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Poor Petition. 0therS) Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bur stem and

Woolstanton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parishes are very extensive, and the Poor therein exceedingly numerous, and supported at a heavy and oppressive Expence by the respective Inhabitants; and that it is apprehended the Union of the said Parishes, and the Establishment of a suitable House for the Reception of the Poor within the said Parishes, generally, under proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend not only to the Benefit, Exoneration, and Advantage, of the Persons paying to the Poors Rates, but also to the better Relief of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying,. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred o the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-ia

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stoke upon thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and ^D^ure* others, Inhabitants within the Parishes of Stoke upon Trent, Bur stem, and Woolstanton, in the County of Staff Small Debu ford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Petition, forth, That the said Parishes are very populous, ana much Trade is carried on, and a great Number of Persons employed in the several Works and Manufactories established therein; and that the Tradesmen and Inhabitants residing in the said Parishes are necessarily obliged to give Credit, particularly as to the Common Necessaries of Life, for very small Sums of Money, to many Persons who, although of sufficient Ability to pay the same, very frequently refuse so to do, presuming upon the Discouragements, and taking Advantage of the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they must unavoidably incur, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for such Debts in the County Court, and which is more than ordinarily oppressive upon the Suitors residing within the said Parishes, on Account of the great Distance of the said Parishes from the Town of Stafford, where such County Court is held, to the great Injury of the fair Trader, and the Prevention of useful Credit; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the establishing of a Jurisdiction within the said Parishes, under proper Powers and Regulations, for the Recovery of Small Debts, in a Way less expensive, and more expeditious, than the present Method, would not only tend to promote honest Industry, support useful Credit, and be of great Advantage to the Tradesmen and Inhabitants in general of the said Parishes, but would likewise relieve the Persons contracting such Debts from the notorious Oppressions Daily exercised over them by Bailiffs, and other illiterate Persons, practising in the said County Court:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Parishes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Lund Indo-Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, herein after sure Petition, mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East Riding of the County of York, certain Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, computed to contain in the Whole about 2,300 Acres; and that the said Fields, Pastures,

Commons and*Wastes, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting <

Petition in favour of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

Northallerton, Thirsk, &c. Roads Petition reported.

34 Geo. III. 26° Februariu 243

the Purposes above-mentioned,. subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilber force do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending to enable the Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to make a Deviation in the Line thereof, and to complete the same, and the Petitioners understand that the said Deviation is intended to communicate with the Towns of Manchester, Bolton en le Moors,. Burp, and Haslingden, in the County of Lancaster, by Means

of Navigable Branches from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees nominated and appointed to carry into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of them1 made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and " repairing the High Road leading from " ton, to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the " Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of " the Street called linkcll Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, " to and through the Town of Easingwold, in the " County of York, to a Place called " near the City of York, and also the Road from " Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding " of the County of York," and the other of the said Acts made and passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers given and granted by the said Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty, and also of the several Creditors who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising from the Turnpike Gates erected in and upon the said Roads, by virtue of the said Acts, and also of several principal Inhabitants and Owners of Estates lying in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Roads, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Sheppard being examined, said, That the Trastees, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, have borrowed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, and upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still is owing, with an Arrear of Interest — That great Progress has been made in the Repairs of the said Roads, but that the Trustees cannot, by reason of the Scarcity tind bad Quality of the Materials for repairing such Roads, the advanced Price of Labour, and Diminution of Tolls by the passing and re-passing of the Mail Coaches, which are exempt from Tolls, and of other heavy Carriages on Vol. 49.

the said Roads, at all Seasons of the Year, which greatly damage the said Roads, raise a sufficient Fund for effectually maintaining and repairing the said Roads, and keeping down and paying the Interest of the Money already borrowed, unless some additional Tolls be granted and made payable on the said Roads, and the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

That part of the said Road, leading from the City of York to Northallerton, extends above Thirty Miles in Length, and forms a Part of the Great Post Road from London to Edinburgh, and that the keeping the same in substantial Repair, according to the Intention of the said former Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Property of the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce within the County and City of York, and Places adjacent, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easingwold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk, aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Sir Henry Paulett Saint John Mildmay, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, in the County of Somerset, the Reverend Thomas Horner Pearson, Vicar of the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, aforesaid, John Barrett, John White, and James Barrett, Gentlemen, and the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and a Common of Pasture called Cornell Leaze, containing in the Whole about 700 Acres; and that the Lands of the Petitioners and other Owners and Proprietors in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Leaze, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners and other Persons interested therein, as well as to the Public at large, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Proprietors in speciiic Shares, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes above-mentioned, with such Clauses, ana under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Core and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates situate, lying, and being, in the several Parishes herein after particularly mentioned, or some of them, and also interested in certain Coal Works in the said several Parishes, or some of them, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners

East Camell Inclosure Petition.

Clutton, HigH Littleton, &c. Canal Petition.

244

26° Februarii. A. 1794;

if a Canal for the Navigation of Boats) Barges, and other Vessels, was made from the several Collieries in the Parishes of Clutton, >

bury, otherwise Timsborough,

merton, Dunkerton, Rad otherwise Radstoke, and

Writhlington, in the County of , beginning at,

or near Goosehard, otherwise Gooseyard , in the

Parish of High Littleton aforesaid, and passing from thence through the several Parishes of High

Paulton, Timsbury, otherwise Timsborough, Midsummer-Norton, Camerton, Dunkerton, Coomb-hay, and South Stoke, in the same County, and also beginning at, or near, Welton Coal Work, in the Parish of Midsummer-Norton aforesaid, and passing through the Parish of Midsummer-Norton, and the several Parishes of Radstock, otherwise Radstoke, Writhlington, Foxcote, otherwise Foscote, Wellow and Charter House Hinton, all in the County of Somerset (where the Two Lines will join at, or near, Milford, in the Parish of Wellow aforesaid) and from thence through the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and the Parish of Monkton-Comb, in the said County of Somerset, or one of them, to, or near, the River Avon, at, or near, Lympley Stoke Bridge, in the Tything of Stoke,

in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid (where it is proposed to communicate with the Canal intended to be made from, or near, Newbury, in the County of Berks, to, or near, the City of Bath, in the said County of Somerset) with proper Towing Paths to, or near, and adjoining, the same, and if Railways, or Stone Roads, for the Passage of Waggons, and other Carriages, to, and from, such Canal, were made for the Conveyance of Coal, Lime, Stone, and other Articles, would, not only in those, but in other Respects, be of great Public Utility; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that it is practicable to make such Canal, Railways, or Stone Roads, and that the same may be easily effected: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient and propen

Ordered> Thatt he said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hippisley Coxe, Mr. Rolle,

Bec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dunham In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing closure Bill the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, $asse<1, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Poult on In- A Petition of John Selfe, Esquire, Richard Selfe,

tition Pe* Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Atwood Small, Doctor in Divinity, Devisees in Trust named in the last Will and Testament of John Cripps, Esquire, deceased, late Lord of the Manor of in the

Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts, and Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas--tures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but the same may be greatly improved, and rendered very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if they were divided, inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons so interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, residing in the Cities of Bath and Bristol, and in the Counties of Somerset, Wills, and Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Levels and Surveys lately made, it appears practicable to make and maintain a Navigable Canal and Communication for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Kennelt, at, or near, the Town of Neiobury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at, or near, the City of Bath, and a Navigable Branch or Cut out of the said Canal, in the Parish of Rowd, near Devizes, In the County of Wilts, to, or near, the Town of Caine, in the said County, and also a Navigable Branch or Cut, out of the said last mentioned Branch or Cut, to, or near, the Town of Chippenham, in the said County of Wilts; and that the making and maintaining of such Canal and Communication and Branches will greatly facilitate and render less expensive, than at present, the Conveyance of Com, Coals, Stone, Iron, Timber, Lime, Chalk, Manure, and all Kinds of Merchandize, and heavy Commodities, not only to and from the said City of Bath, and the several Towns of Bradford,

Devizes, Caine, Chippenham, Great -

ford, Newbury, Reading, Windsor, and other adjacent Towns and Places, but also to and from the Ports of London and Bristol\and such Navigable Canal and Communication and Branches will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Joshua Smith, Bcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, be enlarged until Tuesday next

Ordered, That the Order of the 'day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Newbury ami Bath Canal Petition.

Time for receiving Petitions enlarged.

Committee on Attornies Duties Bill.

fcarl of Upper

Oasoiy's

Petition.

34 Geo. III. 26° Februarii.245

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they titioner, his Heirs and Assigns, all the Estate, Right, had gone through the Bijl, and made several Amend- Title, and Interest, now remaining in His Majesty, in, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- over, and upon, the said Woods, Underwoods, Cop-port, when the House will please to receive the pices, Lawns, Lodges, Mines, and other the Premisses same. before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Morning next. Table.

A Petition of John Earl of Upper Ossory, being of- Mr. , according to Order, reported from the Report re

fered to be presented to the House; Committee of the whole J louse, to whom it was re-' spec ting

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's ferred to consider of the Postage and Conveyance of.

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty,- Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post; and penny p^t. having been informed of the Contents' of the said who were instructed to consider of granting Rates of Petition, gives His Consent that the House may Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets do therein as they shall think proper, and recom- between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and mends the said Petition to the Consideration of the Guernsey, and within those Islands, the Resolutions House. which the Committee had directed him to report to

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; the House; which he read in his Place; and after-Setting forth, That the Petitioner is entitled in Fee to wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the divers Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Wood- same were read; and are as followeth; viz. lands, containing, by Estimation, about 704 Acres, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; within the Bailiwick of Farming Woods, in the Forest That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and of* Portage and Conveyance of every Letter originally sent in, and to, all the Timber therein, excepting Herbage by the Penny Post, and not (First passing by the Gene-for the King's Deer in and upon the Premisses, and ral Post, from any Place out of the Cities of London is also entitled in Fee to the Office of Groom Forester and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the of the Bailiwick of Farming Woods aforesaid, under respective Suburbs thereof, to any Place within the Grants from the Crown; and that the Petitioner is said Cities and Borough, and Suburbs thereof respectalso entitled^ under Grant from the Crown, to the tively, the Sum of One Penny, in addition to the Sum Office of Master Forester and Keeper of Farming Woods of One Penny now payable for the Conveyance of every aforesaid, and other Offices therein, and also to the such Letter.

Office of Receiver of certain Castleward Rents, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Herbage and Pannage of the New Land of That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Port-FarmingWoods, and to the Hundred of Orlingbere with age and Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Millesly, in the said County of Northampton,- and the the Port of Weymouth, or from or to any other con-Stewardship and Bailiwick of the said Hundred, with venient Port in Great Britain, to or from any of the the Appurtenances, for the Term of Ninety-nine Ports of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, and Years, if the Petitioner, and the Marquis of Stafford, to or from the Ports of Jersey, from or to the Ports and Richard Fitzpatrick, or either of them, shall so of Guernsey, for every single Letter Two Pence, for long live; and that the Owners or Proprietors of divers every double Letter Four Pence, for every treble Let-Messuages, ancient Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, ter Six Pence, and for every Ounce Eight Pence; in Brigstock, in the said County of Northampton, or the and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs,

Occupiers of such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and or other Things.

Tenements, have in respect thereof, used and en- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, joyed Rights of Common upon the said Woods and That for the Inland Port or Conveyance of all Let-Underwoods; and that the said Woods, Underwoods, ters and Packets sent or conveyed by the Post within Coppices, Lawns, and Premisses, are capable of Im- the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of provement if the Deer and Commonable Cattle were them, there be charged the like Rates of Postage, in excluded therefrom, and, in order to enable the Peti- Proportion to the Number of Miles or Stages such tioner to make that Improvement, it will be expedient Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed by the to set out and allot Lands belonging to the Petitioner, Post, as are paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance clear of Wood, convenient in Situation, and adequate of Letters and Packets within that Part of Great Bri-in Value, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the said tain called England. Rights of Common, and to extinguish the same, but The First Resolution of the Committee being read as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into a Second Time;

Execution so long as the Deer are at Liberty to go An Amendment was proposed to be made there* into the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and unto, by inserting, after the Word " That," and before Lawns, the Petitioner has made humble Suit to His the Word " there," the Words " towards defraying Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give " the Expence of a more frequent and speedy Delivery Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to " of Letters by the Penny Post." enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs And the said Amendment was, upon the Question and Assigns, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, put thereupon, agreed to by the House, now remaining in His Majesty, in, over, and upon, the Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and the Lawns, Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That,

Lodges, and Mines therein, with the Herbage, and towards defraying the Expence of a more frequent and Deer Browse and Pannage, and the said Castleward speedy Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post, there Rents and Hundred, with die Profits and Appurten- be granted to His Majesty, upon the Portage and Con-ances, apon a full and adequate Consideration to be veyance of every Letter originally sent by the Penny paid by the Petitioner for the same: And therefore Post, and not First passing by the General Post, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill from any Place out of the Cities of London and West-fox the setting out Lands in lieu of, and Compensation minster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective for, the Rights of Common in or upon the said Woods Suburbs thereof, to any Place within the said Cities Underwoods, Coppices, and W'oodlands, within the and Borough, and Suburbs thereof respectively, the said Bailiwick of Farming Woods aforesaid, in the said Sum of One Penny, in Addition to the Sum of One ‘

Forest of Rockingham, and for extinguishing the same, Penny now payable for the Conveyance of every such and also for enabling His Majesty to grant to the Pe- Letter.

Vol. 4£L 3 R The

The Loads have agreed to

Mutiny Bill.

Bill for repealing Duties on Gloves, &c.

Indemnity

Bill.

246

26° Febru

A* 1794

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " That," and before the Word " there," the Words " towards- defraying the " Expence of conveying Letters between this Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey and ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

' Resolved, That this House doth agree with the

Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards defraying the Expence of conveying Letters between this Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets between the Port of Weymouth, or from or to any other convenient Port in Great Britain, to or from any of the Ports of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, and to or from the Ports of Jersey, from or to the Ports of Guernsey, for every single Letter Two Pence, for every double Letter Four Pence, for every treble Letter Six Pence, and for every Ounce Eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " for the Inland Port or Conveyance of all " Letters and Packets sent or conveyed by the Post within the said," and inserting the Words " towards

defraying the Expence of conveying Letters within " the," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the Said Resolution, so amended, That, towards defraying the Expence of conveying Letters within the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, there be charged the like Rates of Postage, in Proportion to the Number of Miles or Stages such Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed by the Post, as are paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omittea to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for thosfe Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, ana Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures

of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for rePc»rns Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, u‘

Births, Marriages, and Christenings; without any Burial*, &c. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* *ui House, That their Lordships will give Order for sum- L^mon^ moning William Larkins, Esquire, as a Witness to be M^Ha*ting«'» produced at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, as desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir Justinian Isham, Baronet, Lord of1 Lamport and the Manor and Owner or Proprietor of all the Unin- JJanKin(? closed Lands and Grounds in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Lamport, and in the Hamlet of Hanging Petition. Houghton, in the County of Northampton (except the Glebe Lands and Tythesj and of Clerk,

Rector of the said Parish of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, and Owner of the said Glebe Lands and Tythes, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor,

Parish, and Liberties of Lamport, and Hamlet of Hanging Houghton aforesaid, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in which the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie greatly intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, cannot be conveniently or advantageously cultivated and improved; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests therein, such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Lamport, and Hamlet of Hanging Houghton, in the*Parish of Lamport, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Winwick In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in IVvrwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Paper ^p-made for Six Years to the 5th of July 1793, being to demi.' as late a Period as the same Can be made up; distinguishing each Year, with an Average of the Whole.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Alderma*ton thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Roads p#* Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the " County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from -

a mast on aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from -

" stoke

tltlOD.

34 Geo. III. 26° — 27

" stoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the ".Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham " Lane, in the County of Southampton," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Debt hath thereby been contracted, which cannot be paid Off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seeift meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine die Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mack ret h, Mr. Hobart, he. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker‘s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Zobel's Nat. A Petition of Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly Petition. called Hieronimus Henry Zobel, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Mackreth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Account of The House being infortned that Mr. Webb, frokn the Duties on Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he whs PaP«' Pre* called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-8611 ' suant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Paper made for Six Years to the 5th of July 1793, being to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, with an Average of die Whole.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tkble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Supply Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

deferred. jug ftext( resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Of the Suj^y granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Adsolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Means de- Ing hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred- House, to consider further of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bricks and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Tiles addi- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tional Duties House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ill deferr . additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Glass addi- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Put j8 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 e erre . j|oUsej u«jon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, ot tirade in, Great Britain.

And then the Hotrod adj burned till Tomorrow Mooting, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. *9.

0 Februarii.

247

Jovis, 27° dieFebmarii;

Anno 340 Georgii III111 Regis, 1794.

Pray has.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Clayton-le-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Moors Inclo-mon and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Town- 8ureJ?Jd ship of Clayton-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor, whose Land to be inclosed is assessed to the Poors Rates at Twenty Shillings per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property to be inclosed is assessed to the Poors Rates at £. 25. 11 s. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) ,* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

irigrossed.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors ciaifeln-of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, closure, &*. or Hereditaments, in she Township or Division of Petition. Cldife, in the Parish of Hawkshead, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on Behalf Of themselves as all other the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Township or Division aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in Right of their said respective Tenements or Hereditaments, are entitled to the Soil arid Freehold, as well as to the Herbage, of the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife or Cldife Commons, and to all Great and Small Tythes within the Towhship or Division aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Township or Division, to dispose of that Part b'f the said Commons or Waste Lands, called by the Name of The Heald, unto John Christian Curxcen, Esquire, Orie of the Owners end Proprietors as aforesaid, and to his Heirs, and also to enable the Petitioners to divide, allot, and inclose, the Residue of the said Cominons or Waste Lands, upon the respective Terins and Conditions to be specified and contained in the stud Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, arid bring in, the same.

Sir

248 $7° FehrtiA. 1794.

Warwick and Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Braunston to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-re^rtedf* gable Canal out of and from the Warwick and

1)0 mingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in

the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

Banbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnfc the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Honourable Frederick North, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath succeeded to the beneficial Interest of the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London.

Chapple Al- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lerton, &c. - certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and Indoeuire Bill ^eing within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Bid-msse<1' disham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 16. After " therein," to insert " and " for any Trustee or Trustees, " Guardian or Guardians of any " Infant or Infants."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, ana Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, and

Wear, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Coxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition to A Petition of Winchcombe Henry Hartley, Esquire, confirm the and several other Persons, being Owners or Pro-&SbT,ne of prietors of certain Parts or Shares of, or otherwise incoming terested in, certain Common Fields, Common Field Fields. Lands, and Common Mead, situate within the Manors of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing date the 30th Day of November 1791, and made between the said Winchcombe Henry Hartley, Lord of the said Manors of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the said County of Gloucester, of the one Part, and the Most Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort, the Worshipful and Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary, at Worcester, and the several other Persons whose Names and Seals are thereunto set and subscribed, viz. the Petitioners, Anne Homey, since deceased, Henry Willis, Thomas Jones, Christopher Co-drington, Henry White, Edmund

borow, since deceased, Thomas Higgs, Arthur Tanner, Thomas Tiley, John Watts, and Cambridge, Pro-

prietors of Common Field Lands within the said Manors, of the other Part, it was agreed, that Two large Common Fields, within and belonging to the said Manors of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, known by the Names of The Old Sodbury North Field, and The Old Sodbtiry South Field, and other Common Field Lands within the same Manors, in the said Articles particularly described, containing together, in die Whole, 685 Acres or thereabouts, and also, a certain Mead, called The Common Mead, or Dole Mead, within the said Manors, containing 91 Acres, or thereabouts, should, as soon as conveniently might be, at the Costs and Charges of the said Proprietors, Parties thereto, be allotted, separated, and divided, by John Player, of Oveston, in the said County of Gloucester, Gentleman, William Ship Osborne, of Bad-mington, in the same County, Gentleman, and James Croome, of Breadstone, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the same County, Gentleman, or any Two of them, unto and amongst the said several Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests, and according to their respective Shares thereof, and that each of the said Proprietors, and his Heirs, should hold and enjoy the Part to be allotted to him, in Severalty, and for the same Estate and Interest as he or she had in the said Common Fields and Common Mead, in lieu whereof such Allotments should be made, and that the said Proprietors should fence in and inclose the said Lands in such Manner as the said Commissioners should direct, and that the Expences relating to the dividing and allotting of the said Lands should be settled and apportioned by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them; and, it was further agreed, that the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, should lay out and appoint all Ways, Roads, and Passages, for all Parties concerned, to their respective Inclosures, in such Place and Places, and direct the future Reparation thereof, in such Manner as they should think most fit and convenient, and that the said Proprietors, Parties thereto, should, at the next Meeting of Parliament, or as soon after as could be, use their Endeavours to obtain an Act for Confirmation of the said Articles of Agreement, subject to such Savings, Reservations, and other Clauses, as in Acts of Parliament for Inclosures of Lands were usually made and reserved; and that the said Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester did not execute the aforesaid Articles of Agreement, but afterwards, by a certain Deed Poll, or Instrument in Writing, under their Common Seal, bearing Date the 22d Day of February 1792, gave their Consent that the said Proprietors of the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and Common Mead, should apply for an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the same, and that the same should be divided and allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors, by the said John Player, William Ship Osborne, and Croome, or any Two of them, agreeably to the said Articles of Agreement, upon Condition, nevertheless, that the said Dean and Chapter should not pay any Part of the Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in or about the same, but that such Expences should be defrayed by the other Proprietors in such Manner as the said Commissioners should direct, and upon certain other Conditions therein expressed; and that the Commissioners, named and appointed in and by the aforesaid Articles of Agreement, for the Purpose of making such Division and Allotment as aforesaid, have, in pursuance of such Articles, divided, set out, and allotted, the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and Common Mead, thereby agreed to be divided, unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to or interested in the same, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein, and

Petition for Addition to St. Martin's Stamford Baron, Oundle, &c. Roads.

Petition against the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

34 Geo. III. 27° Febru 249

the said Commissioners have drawn up and executed an Award, or Instrument in Writing, setting forth and describing the several Allotments of the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and Common Mead, and specifying to whom the same are respectively set out, allotted, and awarded, and containing all other necessary Regulations and Directions for effectuating and completing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and . Common Mead, and touching the Payment of the Expences thereof, conformably to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement; and that the said Wi Henry the said Henry Duke of Beaufort, the Lessees of the said Dean and Chapter of W, and the several other Persons entitled to any Part of, or in anywise interested in, the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and Common Mead, so divided and allotted as aforesaid, are well satisfied with the said Division and Allotment thereof, and have respectively accepted and taken Possession of the Allotments set out and awarded to them by the said Commissioners, and have caused several Parts of the same to be inclosed, and put in a State of Cultivation; and that the Division and Allotment of the said Common Fields, Common Field Lands, and Common Mead, so made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Inclosure of the several Allotments thereof, by the Persons to whom the same were awarded, will be of general Benefit to all Parties interested therein, and it is very desirable that the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, should be effectually confirmed and established: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing of the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think meet and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Master and Mr. Estcourt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Henry Duke of Buccleuch, and James Earl of Cardigan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending and repairing the Road leading from Saint Martins Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, to Weldon, in the same County, and also the Road from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the same County; and Representing to the House, that the Road leading from Weldon aforesaid to Kettering, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for amending and repairing the said Road from Weldon to Kettering aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of Northampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Owners and Occupiers of, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, upon and near to the Line of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, commencing at Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and ending at West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His Vol. 49.

present Majesty, Power is given to make a certain Canal, with divers Branches, commencing at Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and ending at West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster, in the effecting of which Navigation a considerable Progress is already made; and that such Canal and Works will be of the highest Benefit and Utility to the Estates and Situations of the Petitioners, and to the Inhabitants of the Country at large, provided the same be not deteriorated by the Consequences of an Application made to the House, on the Part of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to deviate and vary the Line of their said Canal, for which Purpose a Bill is depending in Parliament; and that, amongst the Benefits reasonably to be expected from the said Lancaster Canal, one of the most material, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, is the Opportunity afforded of procuring Coal and Cannel from the Southern to the Northern Parts of the Line; and that the Application, so made to Parliament by the said Leeds and Liverpool Proprietors, tends to interfere with, and intercept, the Coals, Water, and Carrying Trade upon the Lancaster Canal, and will (as the Petitioners are informed) run for several Miles very near to, and parallel with, the said Lancaster Canal, and must, in other respects, injure that Navigation, without offering or affording to the Public any such material Advantage as can compensate for such apprehended Mischief and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; against d« Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the Bill.

House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, which the Petitioners apprehend will be very injurious to their Estates and Interests, if the same passes into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, to be heard against the said Bill, that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Naviga.-tion from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said BUI, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Woolcombers resident within the Coventry; City and County of the City of Coventry, and Town and, Co.r,'j1' of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, and whose ^bers °° Names are thereunder subscribed; And also, Peutions.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Wool-combers, of the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of

3 S themselves

Sutton in Ash field Inclosure Petition.

Kington Roads Bill presented.

Wellington

Inclosure

Petition.

250 27° Februarii. . 1794.

themselves, and other Persons concerned in the said Trade;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, are referred.

A Petition of the most Noble William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and the other Owners or Proprietors of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, such Commons and Waste Grounds amongst the several Owners or Persons interested therein, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Cornewall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of, or interested in, the Commons, Common Meadows, Open Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons, Common Meadows, Open Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, are, in the present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Cornewall and Mr, Alderman Harley do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Queensferry Trustees for making and repairing the Turnpike Road PeU~ from North Queen ferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the " North Queensferry, through the Towns of " ing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth, and also the " Road from the said Queensferry to the Town of " Dunfermline, Torryburn, and Culross, and also the

Road from the said Queensferry, through " ing to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldy," the Term and

Powers of which Act were continued and enlarged by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Persons were named Trustees for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, with Power to levy Tolls on the same, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and that, under, the Authority of the said Acts, the said Road from North Queensferry to the Town of Perth has been made, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be levied, and is still owing, but the said Road is still in want of Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, nor the Money so owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and there are several Improvements of the said Road, and the Communication thereby, which, if made, will be of great Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Two Acts of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and Twelfth of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, to pass by, or near by, the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Wisbech whom the Petition of the Burgesses of the Town of Navigation Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Petition re-and of the several Persons, whose Names are there- P01^-unto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Traders, in the said Town of Wisbech, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Whitmore being examined, said, That there was formerly an ancient River or Watercourse leading from the Town of Wisbech to the River Nene, in 7 the

34 Geo. III. 27° Feh'u 251

the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, upon which small Vessels used to navigate, but the same is in many Places so filled up, that a Passage for the Waters cannot be obtained, and that Part that runs at the Back of the Town of Wisbech, has of late Years been filling up, and several Buildings have been erected thereon, and by the Sides thereof, without any Right whatever.

Mr. James Golborne and Mr. John Watth being examined, said, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys, that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the River of Wisbech, at or near a Place called The Old Sluice, through the Parishes of Wisbech, Saint Peter, Elm, Emneth, and Outwell, to join and communicate with Well Creek, and the River Nene, in the said Parish of Outwell. — That for making the said Canal, it will be necessary to throw out, cleanse, and widen the said River or Watercourse, from the said Old Sluice to a Place called Elm Corner, and to remove the several Buildings erected on and by the Sides of the said River.

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for improving and preserving the River Nene, and Well Creek, was read: And,

hit. Golborne and Mr. being again examined,

said, That Part of the said River, between Outwell Church and Salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norfolk, has been of late Years filling up, and is at present in a very imperfect State; and that if the before-mentioned Communication from Wisbech to Outwell is made, it would be necessary that a good Navigation should, at all Times, be maintained from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice, that proper Provisions should be made for that Purpose, and the said Act, 30 far as respects the Navigation between Salters Load Sluice and Standground Sluice, in the said Isle of Ely, should be amended and made more effectual. — And both the Witnesses added, That the carrying the before-mentioned Purposes into Execution, will be the Means of opening a short Communication between Wisbech River and the River Nene, and Well Creek aforesaid, and of making a safe and easy Communication between the Port of Wisbech and the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Norfolk, and Suffolk, and other Parts, which will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Porthywain A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, c!mal p'e-&C Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, in the

tition. Counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Montgomery, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately made, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from, or near, Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, and from thence, by and Garthmill, to, or near, a Part of the River Severn opposite to the East Side of the Town of Newtown, in the said County of Montgomery, and also from the said intended Canal at, or near, Porthywain aforesaid, to, or near, Llanymynech Lime Rocks, in the said County of Salop, and from the said intended Canal in the Township of Burgedin, in the Parish of Guils/ield, in the said County of Moto a certain Place in the Township of Varchoel, at, or near, a Bridge called Sarny Crowner, in the said Parish of Guilsjieldand, it Vol. 49.

likewise appears that, in order to render the Navigation of the said Canal more commodious, it will be necessary to change the Course of some Part of the River Tannat, between Carreghofah Ilall and nat Hall, in the Townships of Carreghofah and Aber-tannat, in the said several Counties of Denbigh and Salop; and that the making of the said Navigable Canal, together with such Cuts, and Rail or Waggon Ways from the same, as shall be found necessary to open Communications with several considerable Iron Works, Collieries, Limestone Quarries, Slate Quarries, and Free Stone Quarries, and several Tracts of Land in the said Counties abounding with Coal, Limestone,

Slates, and Free Stone, Lead Ore, and other Minerals, will be of great Benefit to Persons residing or having Estates within the said Counties, and of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Keene, Mr. Owen, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air, Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Kingswin-Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Thir- prd'. teenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Jion r^rted Twenty-first Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham to Wednesbury, and several other Roads therein

described, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, wras referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Bourne being examined, said, That the Trustees acting for the District of Roads in the said Acts directed to be repaired, leading from a Place called The Nether Trindie, near Dudley, to Kingsu inford, and to the End of Bret tel Lane, next Stourbridge, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be raised within the said District, of which the Sum of £. 4,5.53 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts, with respect to the said District of Roads, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That the Roads leading from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road at Kingswinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Wolverhampton, near Dawley Brook, and from the last mentioned Road in Kingswinford, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Wolverhampton, near the

House of Thomas Turner, in the Petition more particularly described, are greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot

252 27 Februarii. . 1794.

be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by which now lie open, uninclosed, and uncultivated, and, the ordinary Course of Law. in their present State, are not capable of Improvement,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill but, if the same were drained, and divided, inclosed, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts allotted in Severalty, amongst the several Persons in-of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the terested therein, according to their respective Rights and Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as Interests, the same would be a great Advantage to that relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the and all other the Owners of Lands in the said Town-Roads from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, and from the ship of Tushingham cum Grindley in particular, inas-present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Kingswinford much as a great Part thereof may be converted into to Dawley Brook, and to a House in the Possession of Plowing and Meadow Ground: And therefore praying, Thomas Turner, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford: That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to and bring in, the same. the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Zobel's Nat. Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Bill present- Order, a Bill for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, ed‘ Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel: And and bring in, the same,

the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and have agreed Mr. Eames:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Warter In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act closure Bill. for inclosing and otherwise improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of Warter, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for pre- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An venting Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of French Pro- His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable sT^IecTtcahe by> Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Govern-

French Go- ment in France, and for preserving the Property v®r"ent> thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners there-ment8 men " > wd:h some Amendments; to which Amendments

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

ha^ passed The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Tolkien's naturalizing Daniel Tolkien; to which the Lords desire Nat. Bill. the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Bergne's Nat. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Bill- for naturalizing John Bergne; to which the Lords de-

sire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this will proceed House, That their Lordships will proceed further in on M^Has- the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Saturday tings's Trial Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster ' ' Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Norwich and Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Aylshwn the gin for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

reported the R°ac* from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of

Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Tushingham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure'^6^ diereunto subscribed, being Owrners and Proprietors Petition. of Estates in the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, divers Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, amounting together to 450 Acres, or thereabouts,

A Petition of John Newnham, Esquire, Lord of the Warboys Manor of War boys, William Stroud, Esquire, Patron, inclosure, and Robert Fowler, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory of &c- Petition, the Parish Church of Warboys, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Owmers and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, and of Open Common Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties,* of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, by Estimation, upwards of 4,000 Acres; and that the Petitioner John Newnham, is Lord of the said Manor of Warboys, and the Petitioner William Stroud, is Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Warboys, and the Petitioner Robert Fowler is Rector of the said Rectory, and in Right thereof entitled to all the Tythes arising and renewing within the said Parish of Warboys, and the Petitioners, John Newnham, William Stroud, Thomas Longland, Simon Hardy, Jeremiah Johnson, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that, by an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys,

" Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the " County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of " terisand Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge," 300 Acres, Part of the above 4,000 Acres, w'ere set apart for certain Purposes mentioned in the said Act, which Purposes are now nearly effected; and that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the Premises, and of Public Utility, if the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Waste Grounds, w'ithin the said Manor and Parish of Warboys, unto, between, and amongst, the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, respectively, and also for altering, amending, and varying, so much of the said Act as respects the dividing and inclosing the said 300 Acres, under such Terms and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

34 Geo. III. 27° Februani. 253

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Ludkno and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

High Fen A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Com-

Inclosure and monable Messuages or Tenements, situate within the

Pe'tiUoif.6' C severa^ Parishes of Saint Ives, Houghton with JVyton, Woodhurst, Old Hurst, Broughton, Little and

War boys, in the County of Huntingdon, having Rights of Common, in respect of their said Messuages or Tenements, in, over, and upon, a certain Piece or Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Parish of Warboys, in the said County, called High Fen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, and such of the Inhabitants of Warboys aforesaid as are entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Common or Waste Ground, in respect of their Commonable Messuages or Tenements situate within the Parish of Warboys aforesaid, have jointly and immemorially been entitled to an unlimited Right of Commonage upon the said Common or Waste Ground for Horses,

Beasts, Sheep, and other Cattle, and have accordingly exercised the same, but the Petitioners, living at a considerable Distance from Warboys aforesaid, find it very inconvenient to send their Stock to feed in High Fen, by Reason whereof such of the Inhabitants of Warboys aforesaid, as are entitled to Rights of Common there, reap the Whole or the greater Part of the Benefit and Advantage, which belongs to the Petitioners jointly with them; and that the said Common or Waste Ground consists of 1,100 Acres, and upwards, of exceeding good Land, and capable, if inclosed, of being much improved, so as to be of great Utility and Benefit to all the Parties entitled to Rights of Common thereupon, and also to the Public at large, and in Proof of this Assertion, the Petitioners beg Leave to state, that 300 Acres, Part of the above 1,100 Acres, which were, about the Year 1776, divided and inclosed, in pursuance of an Act, obtained in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys,

" Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes, of " Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely,

" in the County of C," and which are now let at the Annual Rent of £. 172. 10 have been let, to commence from Lady Day 1794, for Six Years, at the Net Annual Rent of £. 695; and that the Purposes for which the said 300 Acres were inclosed are nearly effected, and, if the Prayer of the Petitioners is granted, they mean to propose an Amendment to so much, or such Part, of the said Act as directed the dividing and inclosing of the said 300 Acres: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and improving, of the said Common or Waste Ground called High Fen, in Warboys aforesaid, and for allotting the same amongst the several Persons entitled to Rights thereupon, in Proportion and in respect of such Rights, and also for the better draining and preserving of the same, and likewise for altering, amending, and varying, so much of the said Act as respects the dividing and inclosing of the said 300 Acres, Part of the said High Fen, so as to include the same in the Bill now prayed for, under such Terms and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Ludkno and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Qnd Mr- Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom

RoadBinT* to enable the Trustees for the Care of the

reported. Vo L. 49

Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to change the Course of the said Road at the Entrance into die Town of Saint Alban, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftewards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to Bank of Scow whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital report Stock of the said Company, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Skelton Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Presented-Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon,

Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Northaller-to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers <j°n> of Tw'o Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present sented. Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading froip Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Fmkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to, and through the Town of Easing-wold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Boulter's other Inhabitants of the Counties of Buckingham and Lock and Isle-Middlesex, and of the Merchants and Traders of the potion.81* Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a very considerable Intercourse in Point of Trade carried on between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Western Counties of England, by Means of the River Thames', and that the Navigation of the said River, from Tapkrw Mill Head, near Boulter's Lock, in the County of Buckingham, to Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, is frequently obstructed by the Lowness of the Water in Summer,

3T and

r

Tolkien's Nat Bill read.

Bergne's Nat Bill read.

Newport Pag-nel Inclosure Petition.

House to adjourn to Saturday.

254 27* Februarit. A. 1794.

and by Floods in Winter, whereby the necessary Supplies of Timber, Bark, Malt, Cheese, Flour and other Articles of Provision for the Metropolis, are rendered uncertain, and frequently damaged, and the Cargoes of Coals, Goods, and Merchandize, for the Supply of the Western Counties, are frequently obstructed and delayed; and that, by making a Canal for the Purpose of Navigation from Head,

in the said River, near Boulter's Lock, to the said River at Isleworth aforesaid, Eighteen Miles of Navigation will be saved in a Distance of Thirty-seven Miles, the Expence of Towing will be considerably reduced, a great Saving made in the Article of Freight, and the Voyage will be performed with Certainty and Expedition, whereby a ready Communication w ill be opened for the Conveyance of Provisions from the Western Counties to the Metropolis, the Carriage of Goods from the Foundaries and Iron Manufactories, in Shropshire and Wales, facilitated, the great Inconveniencies sustained from the natural Defects of the said River, within the above-mentioned Limits, avoided, the Number of Horses used for Towing reduced, and the same will be of very great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Tap-law Hill Head, in the River Thames, near Boulters Lock, in the County of Buckingham, to the said River at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bergne, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in a certain Open and Common Field called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Open and Common Field are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and the Marquis of do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List List of Vessels of all Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, cleared Out-that have cleared Outwards from the Port of Liverpool to the Coast of Africa, since the 1st Day of July 1793; ^Africa distinguishing such as have cleared for the Slave Trade, ordered, and, so far as may be, those Vessels of which the Cargoes were intended for the Supply of our own Possessions, from those of which the Cargoes were intended for the Supply of any Foreign Possessions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Listof Ves3el» of all Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, cleared Out-that have cleared Outwards, from the several Ports of Britain Great Britain, to the Coast of Africa, during the Years to Africa 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793; distinguishing ordered, such as have cleared for the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Slaves imported into the Slav®8 *m-British West India Islands from the Coast of Africa, in the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793, or to India Islands the latest Period to which the same can be made up; from Africa distinguishing each Year, and each island into which ordered-imported.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lor<Jf A* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, t^BiUfor1* An Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands preventing of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable French Pro-by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in Use of the France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the French Go-Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof. vemment

And the said Amendments were read; and are as to-followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. Pr. 3-

Pr. 4. Pr. 5.

1. 7. After " the" leave out " Twentyfourth" and insert " First," and in the same Line after " of" leave out " February" and insert " March."

1. 11. After " said" leave out " Twentyfourth" and insert " First," and in the same Line and Line 12. leave out " February" and insert " March."

1. 22. After " said" leave out " Twentyfourth" and insert " First."

1. 23. Leave out " February" and insert " March."

1. 27. After " said" leave out " Twentyfourth" and insert " First."

1. 28. Leave out " February" and insert " March."

Pr. 8. 1. 2. After " said" leave out " Twenty-

" fourth" and insert " First."

1. 3. Leave out " February" and insert " March."

Pr. 11. 1. 8. Leave out "Twenty-fourth" and

insert " First," and in the same Line leave out " February" and insert " March."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding in Navy and each Month to the present Time, with the Amount of b^^"8 Interest due thereon, computed to the 1st of March standing or-1794* dered.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Poor Remo-the House this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning preventing the Removal of Poor Persons to the Place Bill pretext. 8 of

Debate on Motion for bringing up Mr. Palmer's Petition returned.

Mr. Palmer's Petition.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

34 Geo. III. 27° Februarii. — 1° Martiu 255

of their legal Settlement, until they are actually chargeable: And that Mr. Hyde East, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Popham, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Monday last, for bringing up a Petition of the Reverend Thomas Fyshe Palmer, Clerk, a Prisoner in His Majesty's Ship or Vessel Stanislaus, at Woolwich.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 22d Day of January last, of the Order, " That the Grand Committee for Courts of " Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon in the " House," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be brought up.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, at a Circuit Court of Justiciary, holden at the Town or Burgh of Perth, on the 12th and 13th of September last, the Petitioner was tried and convicted upon a certain Indictment exhibited against him at the Instance of Robert Dundas, Esquire, His Majesty's Advocate, for composing, printing, and circulating, or causing to be composed, printed, or circulated, a certain Address resolved at the Berran Meeting House, which, in the said Indictment of His Majesty's Advocate, was and is particularly set forth and charged to be a felonious, seditious, and inflammatory Writing, and the Petitioner was thereupon sentenced by the said Court of Justiciary to be transported beyond Seas, during the Space of Seven Years, to such Place as His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, should declare and appoint: That the Petitioner is advised, and humbly apprehends, that the Proceedings against him, and the Sentence pronounced upon him, were and are illegal, unjust, oppressive, and unconstitutional, inasmuch as they are not founded on, or supported by, any Statute or other Authority constituting Law in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and particularly because the said Sentence is directly contrary to certain Statutes in force there; and he further humbly submits to the House, that the said Proceedings and Sentence were and are oppressive and unconstitutional, inasmuch as the same were and are unprecedented and excessive, and consequently not warranted by the Free Spirit and the Mild Practice of the British Constitution: And the Petitioner therefore, asserting the Right of a Briton, solemnly appeals to the House, the Constitutional Guardians of the Liberties of the Subject, against the said Proceedings and Sentence, and humbly prays for such Relief in die Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1° Martii;

Anno 34° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1794. Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

Vo i<. 49.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lords Mr. Eames: wi'1 proceed

Mr. Speaker, "iM-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this inga'* Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday, the 7th Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis M Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses,. do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or dis-poseable by, Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof:

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail:

An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings:

An Act to indemnity such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and

Township

256

1° — 3° Martii.

Township of Warier, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing GerardHullman, and William

"Rudolf:

An Act for naturalizing Elias Heintz:

An Act for naturalizing George Benjoin.

pisley Coxe and Sir bring in, the same.

A. 1794.

Francis Basset do prepare, and

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-

ing, Ten of the Clock.

Glutton, High Littleton, &c. Canal Petition reported.

A Petition of Sir "Richard Colt Hoare, Baronet, and Holwell and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Com- potion! mon Rights within the' several Parishes of Holwell and

Kilmingto, in the County of Somerset, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the whole about 700 Acres, which, in their present Open and uncultivated State are but of little Value, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Sir Richard Colt Hoare is Lord of the several Manors of Holwell and Kilmington aforesaid, and as such entitled to certain Rights in, over and upon the same, and it would not only be very advantageous to

M _,. . the several Persons interested in the said Commons and

R. Hippisley Coxe reported from the Committee, Waste Lands, but also of Public Utility, if the same

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, were divided and allotted amongst the several Pro-being Owners and Proprietors of Estates situate, lying, prietors and Persons interested therein in specific Shares, and being, in the several Parishes thereinafter particu- in Lieu of and in pr0portion to their Lands, Rights larly mentioned, or some of them, and also interested of Common, and other Rights respectively: And there-

..Hill P*-

Lunce, 3° die Martii;

Anno 340 Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

sfrin

I Cii

‘ Field -Diil

Prayers.

in certain Coal Works in the said several Parishes, or some of them, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, bring in the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the '

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That by Surveys and Levels which he has lately taken, it appears practicable that a Canal may be made for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Clution, High Littleton,

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes above-mentioned, with such Clauses, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hippisley Coxe and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and

Paulton, Timsbury, Midsomer-Norton, Camerton,

A Bill for amending and repairing the Roads from Ticknall, a Place called Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, Ashb.v del* to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turn-pike Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, committed, and from the said Turnpike Road, to, or near, a certain Barn adjoining to Brambury Lane, in the Township of Donisthorpe, called Clark's Brambury Barn, and also certain Branches of Road from the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road from Burton

:c*ay,

-rough,

30.

amerton, Dun- upm Trent to Overseal, at or near a Place called Cadley kcrlon, Radstock, and Writhlington, in the County of and to Upper Lane, in the Township or Liberty of

Somerset, beginning at or near a Place called Goose-hard, in the said Parish of High Littleton, and passing from thence through the several Parishes of High Littleton, Paulton, Timsbury, Midsomer-Norton, Camerton, Dunkerton, Coomb-hay, and South Stoke, in the same County, and also beginning at or near Welton Coal Work, and passing through Midsomer-Norton aforesaid, and the several Parishes of Radstock, Writhlington, Foxcote, and Charter House-Hinton, and from thence through the Parish of Bradford, in the County of and the Parish of Monkton Comb, to or near the River Avon, at or near LympleyStoke Bridge, in the said Parish of Bradford, where it is intended to communicate with the proposed Newbury Canal.

Overseal, and to Lower, or Short Heath Overseal Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal aforesaid, all in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Nen Navig*-Order, a Bill to remove certain Difficulties in the Ex- tion Bill pre-ecution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners ap- *ented-pointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year And the Witness further said, That the making the of the Reign of King George the First, for making the said Canal, with proper Towing Paths, and Railways or River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Stone Roads for the Passage of Waggons and other Petet'borough, navigable, so far as the same relate to Carriages to and from the same, will be of great the Navigation between Peterboi'ough and Thrapston Benefit to Persons residing or having Estates in the Bridge: And the same was received; and read the Neighbourhood of the said Canal, and of Public First Time.

Utility. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this proper Towing Paths, Rail or Carriage Ways, and Instant March.

Stone Roads, from the several Collieries in the several Parishes of Clutton, High Littleton, Paulton, Timsbury, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Winwick In-otherwise Timsborough, Midsomer-Norton, Camerton, Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste closure Bill

Dunkerton, Radstock, otherwise Radsloke, and Writh- Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon comnut lington, and elsewhere, in the County of Somerset, to and Northampton, was read a Second Time, or near a certain Bridge, called Lympley Stoke Bridge, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, in the Tything of Lympley Stoke, in the Parish of Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Bradford, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Hip- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr,

‘Car

J

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

257

Corse Inclo- Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, accord-

sure Bill pre- jDg to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ented. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester, and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the same Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, if any: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fevour of,n A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Sowerby t Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, in Council

Bridge and assembled: And also,

Castle Field A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Canal Bi . Merchants, and Manufacturers of the City of Gloucester, and its Vicinity, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Leave to cut and maintain a Navigable Canal from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, byWay of Deyne-head, Little-

borough, Rochdale, Chadderton, and to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near Castle Field, within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with several Branches therefrom: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Neoile King, Esquire, and the several Martin Inclo-other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 8ure Petition, being Owners of Estates in the Hamlet of Martin, within the Parish of Ttmbcrland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlet, certain Moors, Wastes, Pastures, and Fields, and divers Pieces or Parcels of Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds,

which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted in Severalty to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fydell and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Roundway, A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God, Bedborough, John, Lord Bishop of Salisbury, and the humble Peti-P^tkm°SUre tion James Sutton, Esquire, Sir Eduard Bayntun Rolt, Baronet, and several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Cannings, and also in the Parish of Marden, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Tythings and Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are inconveniently situated with respect to the Houses and inclosed Lands of the several Owners, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds if the same were divided and allotted amongst them in Proportion to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Dukinfield Mr. Cretve reported from the Committee, to whom KnowTcLial for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

Bill reported. from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Vo I,. 49.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Buckingham, the Bill for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Aylesbury, Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the and 'Vendo-County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Grand gliu^rted Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an " *

Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, petition from Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the County Huntingdon-of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, shire against

on the Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and Lynn Drain-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are in- age BUI. formed, that an Application is depending for a Bill to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of the River Ouse, by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River at or near Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, to or near the Town and Harbour of Lynn, and for imposing certain Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be navigated through such New Cut, towards defraying the Expence of the intended Act, and the Works to be executed pursuant thereto; and that, by the Navigation of the said River Ouse, the Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon are supplied from *

the Port of Lynn with Coals, Deals, and various other Commodities, and are enabled to export the Corn,

Timber, and other Produce of their Lands; and the Petitioners are convinced that the intended New' Cut (the real Design whereof is to amend the Drainage

3 U of

258 3s Martii. A. 1794.

of certain Fen and Low Lands belonging to the Promoters of the said Bill) will not, if carried into Effect, improve the Navigation of the said River, but will, in its Consequence, prove highly injurious thereto, and, in the Opinion of able apd skilful Engineers, endanger the total Ruin of the Port of Lynn, and consequently may annihilate the great Inland and Foreign Commerce carried on therefrom, to the great Decrease of the Public Revenue, and the irreparable Injury and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, and the numerous other Counties into which the River Ouze, and its various Navigable Branches, extend; and that the Tolls, intended to be imposed by the said Bill, must operate as an unjust and heavy Tax on the Consumers of Articles imported, and on the Growers of the Home Produce exported, by the said Navigation, towards defraying the Expence of a doubtful and hazardous Scheme of Drainage, from which they can derive no Benefit, but may sustain serious Losses and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

Petition A Petition of the there-undermentioned Peers, and

against Eau the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, King's^Lynn Farmers, an^ others, whose Names are thereunto sub-Drainage scribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Persons

BiH. interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke,

Brandon, and Mildenhall, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new Cut from a Place at, or near, Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, into, or near, the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and whereby certain Tolls are intended to be imposed on Good;* Wares, and Merchandize, to be navigated through such new Cut, towards defraying the Expence of the intended Act, and the Works to be executed pursuant thereto; and that, by the Navigation of the said Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenhall (which are Branches of, and unite in, the said River Ouze) the Inhabitants of an extensive Tract of Upland Country, comprising Parts of the County of Norfolk and Suffolk, are supplied from, or through, the Port of Lynn with Coals, Wines, Deals, Iron, and various other Commodities, and the Farmers and Occupiers of Land are enabled to export the Corn, and other Produce of the said Upland Country, and the Navigation of the said Three Rivers, in its present State, answers the General Purposes of the said Upland Country interested therein (and may, with a small Expence, be preserved) and the Petitioners, therefore, disapprove of any Attempt to alter the same; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the intended new Cut (the real End and Design whereof is to improve the Drainage of certain Fen and Low Lands) is not likely to amend, but will, if carried into Effect, materially injure, and may eventually destroy the said Navigation; and that, by the Tolls proposed by the said Bill, the Consumers of Goods imported, and the Growers of Articles exported, by. the said Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenhall, through the Port of Lynn, will be unjustly taxed towards defraying the Expence of an hazardous Experiment, from which they have no Benefit to expect, but much future Loss and Inconvenience to apprehend: And therefore prayings That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

,*Mr.Philipps's A Petition of John Philipps, a Proprietor of certain

' Petition Lands in a certain Fen or Place, called Redmopr, in against De JEly, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on B Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in

Redmoor aforesaid, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by a Bill, now before the House, it is proposed to alter the Course and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at or near Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the County of Norfolk, at or near the Town and Harbour of Lynn, and, in order to carry such Work into Execution, and to defray the necessary incidental Expences attendant thereupon, it is intended to impose an Annual Acre Tax upon a large or extensive Tract of Low or Fen Grounds, in which the Lands in Redmoor aforesaid, belonging to the Petitioner and others, are included; and that by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, the Proprietors of the said Lands in Redmoor were empowered to erect certain Works, and impose Taxes, for the Drainage of the said Lands, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, and, in pursuance thereof, such Works were erected, and are now maintained, by the Petitioner and the other Proprietors, from that Time, and the said Lands in Redmoor aforesaid have been, and now are, in a complete State of Drainage; and that the Petitioner is thoroughly convinced that, whatever Benefit the Projectors of the said Bill may expect to derive to themselves from the said intended Cut, if carried into Execution, the same cannot possibly be of the least Utility to the Lands in Redmoor aforesaid belonging to the Petitioner and others, but, on the contrary, that the same will be extremely prejudicial thereto:

And therefore praying, That such Bill may not pass into a Law, but that he may be heard against the same by himself, or his Counsel.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunder named, petjt;ons Ow'ners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates, against Eau. within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Brink and Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners Lynn of Estates there, was also presented to the House, and gjn. 86 read; Setting forth, That, by a Bill now before the House, it is proposed to alter the Course and Channel of the River Ouze (the only present Outfall for the Drainage of the Low Lands of the said Country) by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at, or near, Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, to, or near, the Town and Harbour of Lynnt by which Cut, not only the present Drainage will be taken away, and the new one intended to be made for the same Purposes, being carried higher up the River, will be more subject to the Inconveniencies and Obstructions to the Drainage thereof than the present one, but also such Lands, as are now in a good and perfect State of Drainage, by the present Works of Sewers, and of great Value, will be burthened with a considerable Annual Tax equally and indiscriminately with the Lowest Lands of the said Country, to the manifest Injury of all the Owners of the said High Lands, and which Bill, in its general Tendency, will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, if passed into a Law, be very injurious to the Country at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several there-undersigned Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South Lynn foil Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of die River Ouze, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that an Application is depending for a Bill for changing the present Course of the said River, by making a Navigable Cut from a Place, at, or near,

Eau Brink, between Saint German's Bridge mid King's Lynn, to a Place in the same River at, or near, the sai,d Town of Lynn; and that the Estates of the Per titioners in the Parishes above-mentioned, lying on the.

East Side of the said River, consist chiefly of rich 3 fresh

Petition against Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii.259

fresh March, effectually drained, and supplied with the River re, and its various Navigable Branches, fresh Water by the River Nar, and, from their Vici- extend; and that the Tolls, intended to be imposed by nity to the Town of Lynn, are very valuable; and the said Bill, must operate as an unjust and heavy Tax that the intended Cut, by passing through the said on the Consumers of Articles imported, and on the Lands, will sever a considerable Part thereof from the Growers of Home Produce exported, by the said Na-Remainder, and the Part so cut off will be deprived vigation, towards defraying the Expence of a doubtful of its Supply of Fresh Water, and excluded from and hazardous Scheme of Drainage, from which they Communication with the Town of Lynn, except by can derive no Benefit, but may sustain serious Losses the Bridge proposed to be made across the said Cut, and Inconvenience: And therefore praying. That the and several of the Inclosures will be intersected, and said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Pe-divided into small and inconvenient Parcels, and, if titioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, the Sides and Banks of the said Cut shall happen to or their Counsel.

give Way (which, from the Nature of the Soil, is A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petitions highly probable) the Lands lying on either Side are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Mer- against Eau thereof must be gradually washed and worn away, and chants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Lynn k w8 l!*1 n the Whole of the adjacent Country will be exposed to Regis, in the County of Norfolk, was also presented to Drainage Ruin by Inundations; and that the Houses of Two of the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Bill Bill, the Petitioners, situate near Eau Brink, will, if the now before the House, it is proposed to alter the intended Cut shall be carried into Effect, not only be Course and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a completely insulated, and excluded from the present new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at or near short and convenient Road therefrom to the Town of Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's,

Lynn, but will be deprived of their Supply of Fresh to or near the Town and Harbour of Lynn; and that Water, and exposed to the Hazard of being washed the Town of Lynn is a Port of very considerable Im-away, or inundated, under tfhich Circumstances the portance, and a large and extensive Commerce is car-said Houses (one of which has been recently repaired ried on there, by Means of the present Navigable and improved at a considerable Expence) will neces- Channel, with the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cam-sarily become unfit for Habitation; and that, by the bridge, Huntingdon, Hertford, Essex, Bedford, North-said Bill, it is proposed to vest in Trustees, to be ampton, Leicester, Buckingham, and Lincoln, and that, sold, the Sands, Waste Lands, and Channel, of the by the several Navigable Rivers leading from the said said River Ouse, between Eau Brink and Lynn, with- Counties into the said Channel, the Com, Grain, and out any Compensation to the Petitioners and other other Produce of such Counties, have been conveyed Proprietors of Land on either Side, who conceive to the Town of Lynn, and from thence to the several themselves entitled, by Right of Frontage or other- English and Foreign Ports, and the said Counties have wise, to such Parts of the said Sands and Waste Lands in Return, been supplied with Coals, Deals, Iron, as are, or shall be, deserted by the Waters, and in Wine, Salt, and various other Articles of Merchan-those and other Respects the said Bill, if passed into a dize; and that, in Case the said ntended Cut should Law, will be highly in therefore praying, That the House, against the

Counsel. Public, and, in Gales of Wind and Spring Tides, the

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Tra- said Town of will be subject to frequentInunda-ders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the tions, and thereby a great Part of the Property of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto sub- several Inhabitants will be lost, and other Parts of their scribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the other In- Property and their Estates will be very materially inhabitants of the said Town, was also presented to the jured; and that, by the said Bill, it is intended to impose House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners a Tonnage upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are informed, that an Application is depending conveyed through the said intended Cut to, or from, the for. a Bill to authorize the altering the Course and said Port of Lynn, which, in Addition to the heavy Taxes Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new already laid upon the Navigation from the said Port,

Cut from a Bend in the said River, at, or near, would very seriously affect, and be extremely detrimental Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, to, the Trade of Lynn: And therefore praying, That the in the County of Norfolk, to, or near, the Town and said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Pe-Harbour of Lynn, and for imposing certain Tolls on titioners may be heard against the same, by themselves.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be navigated or their Counsel.

through such new Cut, towards defraying the Expence A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of the intended Act, and the Works to be executed thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors or Owners pursuant thereto; and that, by the said River Ouze of divers Commonable or Low or Fen Grounds situate (which is navigable up to the Town of Bedford) the and being in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, Inhabitants of the said Town are supplied from the Wicken, Soham, Barway, Waterbeach, Cottenham,

Port of Lynn with Coals, Deals, and various other Rampton, Willingham, and Over, in the County of Cam-Commodities, and are enabled to export the Com, bridge, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Timber, and other Produce of their Lands, and the Pe- Suffolk, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, titioners are fully convinced that the intended new Methwold, Northwold, and in the County of

Cut (the real Design whereof is to amend the Drain- Norfolk, and Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, age of certain Fen and Low Lands belonging to the Churcham, otherwise Chastisham, Littleport, Stretham, Promoters of the said Bill) will not, if carried into Dovmham, Coveney, Witchford, Witcham, Wilburton,

Effect, improve the Navigation of the said River, but Haddenham, and Sutton, within the Isle of Ely, for, and will, in its Consequences, prove highly injurious thereto, on the Behalf of, themselves, and the several other Pro-' and, in the Opinion of able and skilful Engineers, prietors or Owners of Commonable and Low or Fen it will endanger the total Ruin of the Port of Lynn, and Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid, was also consequently may annihilate the great Inland and Fo- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by reign Commerce carried on therefrom, to the great De- a Bill before the House, it is proposed to alter the Course crease of the Public Revenue, and the irreparable In- and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new Cut jury and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the Town from a Bend in the said River, at, or near, a Place of Bedford, and of the numerous Counties into which called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Vo l. 49. Mary, *

jurious to the Petitioners: And they may be heard, at the Bar of s same, by themselves, or their

be carried into Execution, the said Harbour of Lynn will not only be very materially injured, but may also, and in all Probability will, be eventually lost to the

260

3® Martii. A. 1794.

Petition against Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill

Mary, in the County of Norfolk, to, or near, the Town and Harbour of Lynn, and, in order to carry such Work into Execution, and to defray the necessary and other incidental Expences attendant thereupon, it is intended to impose a certain Annual Tax upon a very large and extensive Tract of Commonable and Low Grounds, in which not only all and singular such Lands, as well Commons as Severals, lying within the said several Parishes, as are subject to Land or Sea Floods, but also all and every such Low or Fen Grounds, usually called Adventure Land, and already subject to the Payment of an heavy Annual Acre Tax to the Corporation of Bedford Level, to defray the Expence of such Works as are necessary to preserve the Drainage thereof, and also all and singular such other Lands lying ‘within the Parishes aforesaid as are formed into Districts, the more effectually to secure the Drainage of such Lands, respectively, are included; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that whatever Benefit or Advantage the Projectors of the said Scheme, and the Promoters of the said Bill, may derive to themselves from such intended Cut, if carried into Execution, it is totally impossible that the same can be of any Utility, or render the least Service whatever, to the several Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and others, and situate in the several Parishes aforesaid, or in any, or either of them, but, on the contrary, that the Low or Fen Grounds in the said Parishes, and in many others, may thereby became subject to frequent Inundation; and the Petitioners beg Leave further to submit, that by the said Bill it is also intended to impose a certain Tonnage upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed through the said intended new Cut to, or from, the Port of Lynn, whereby not only the Growers of the Corn, Grain, and other Produce, as well of the Upland as of the Low or Fen Country in the said Counties and Isle aforesaid, and many other Counties, which is now conveyed to Lynn by Means of their respective Navigations, but also the Consumers of Coals, Deals, Wine, and other Articles of Merchandize, with which they are supplied from Lynn, will become subject to an oppressive Tax towards the Expence of a doubtful and hazardous Scheme of Drainage, from which they have no Benefit or Advantage whatever to expect, but much Loss and Inconvenience to apprehend, and the Petitioners are fully persuaded that the said Bill, in its general Tendency, so far from being of any Utility, will be extremely prejudicial and detrimental to the Country at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is brought into the House, to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new Cut from a Place at or near Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, to or near the Town and Harbour of Lynn, and that, by the Navigation of the Brandon River, which is a Branch of, and unites in, the said River Ouze, the Inhabitants of the said Borough* of Thetford, and its Vicinity, are supplied from or through the Port of Lynn, with Wine, Coals, Deals, Iron, and various Articles of Merchandize, and the Farmers and Occupiers of Land, in and about the Neighbourhood of the said Borough of Thetford, are enabled to export their Com, Grain, and other Produce of their Lands, by Means of such Navigation, which, in its present State, answers the general Purposes of the said Borough of Thetford and its Vicinity, and the Petitioners therefore disapprove of any At-

tempt to alter the same; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the intended new Cut (the real End and Design whereof is to improve the Drainage of certain Fen and Low Lands) is not likely to amend, but will, if carried into Effect, materially injure, and may eventually destroy, the said Navigation; and that, by the Tolls proposed by the said Bill, the Consumers of Goods imported, and the Growers of Articles exported, by the said Brandon River, through the Port of Lynn, will be unjustly taxed towards defraying the Expence of an hazardous Experiment, from which they have no Benefit to expect, but much future Loss and Inconvenience to apprehend: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Bi'ink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be ' read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions in thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, favour of Eau Inhabitants, and others, in the County of Huntingdon, Brinlt interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Lynn Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on the Behalf Bill, of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and in the Drainage of several large Commons and other Lands adjoining thereto, in the County of Huntingdon, by the said River, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Navigation and Drainage:

And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, in the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the said County, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants within the Hundred and Half Hundred of Clackclose, in the County of Norfolk, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, in the Parish or Township of Dotimham Market, and the Neighbourhood thereof,

in

34 Geo. III. 3° .

261

in the County of Norfolk, interested in the Drainage

and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the said County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, in the Parish or Township of March, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, in the Parish of Township of Chatteris, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants and others, in the City of Ely, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, in the Parishes or Townships of dpicell, Outwell, and Welney, and the Neighbour-

hood thereof, in the County of Norfolk, and in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And -also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers,' Inhabitants, and others, in the Parish or Township of Whittlesey, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, interested in the Drainage and' Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation: And also, ' '

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers, Inhabitants, and others, of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, being interested in the Drainage and Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Drainage and Navigation;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioriers find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and other Lands adjoining thereto, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, from a Place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the county of 'Norfolk, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivefs communicating with the said River Ouze: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law. ' - '

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

: ' , . A)

Vol. 49.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Dudley, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of j£‘jjg^'cui' certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads Roa|jg bji in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, presented, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, and from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Kingswinford to Dawley Brook, and to a House in the Possession of Thomas Turner, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, under against the

C/ vat 1

their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House for making a Canal Navigation from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, to join and communicate with the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of Northampton; and that an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for making a Canal Navigation from the Dudley Canal at, or near, Netherton, where there are very large and valuable Coal Mines, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at a Place called Selly Oak, in the Parish of Northfeld, in the County of Worcester, and also, another Act, passed in the last Session, for making another Navigable Canal from the Town of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to join and communicate with the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at King's Norton, near Selly Oak aforesaid; and that, by Means of those Canals, an easy and eligible Line of Communication may be opened with the Braunston Canal, which the Petitioners apprehend would be of meat Importance to the Public, particularly in the Conveyance of Coal and Merchandize, along the aforesaid Canals, between the Cities of Bristol and Worcester, and the Town of Birmingham, Dudley, and other Places, to Braunston aforesaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend the proposed new Canal from Warwick, to join the Oxford Canal-at Braunston aforesaid, is not calculated to serve the Public, as the Lockage from the Town of Birmingham to the Birmingham and Warwick Canal is exceedingly great, and will be attended with much Inconvenience, and that the intended Canal is not founded on any Principles of real Public Utility, and has been hastily adopted, and the Petitioners conceive that a much more eligible Line, to communicate with the above-mentioned Cities and Towns, and the Braunston or Grand Junction Canal, and with the City of London, may be adopted: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Solihull, Ke-whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers'of l7°n d ajd an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, Bill reported* for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and'that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had 'directed'him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

3 X One;

060

3® Martii.

A. 1794.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wolvey in A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands duNire Pe- Common Right in the Common and Open Fields, t, Uo°' Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick, whose Names sue thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be If inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kington A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Roads Bill Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the commi and die Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir George Comewall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Welland

Drainage

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are and^Naviga- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and tion Petition. Others, interested in the Navigation of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and also on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Land in the several Parishes of Spalding, Pinchbeck,

Gosberton, Sutterton, Fosand Quadring, and in certain Places called Qtiadring Hundred, Deeping inclosed Fen, Dfepbtg^Ce Common,

otherwise Goggushland, Cowbitt Common, Langtoft Common, Boston Common, Spalding Common, and Pinchbeck Common, and also of Other Lands called Cowbitt Wash, and Crowland Fodder Lots and Wash, all in the 'Said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Outfall of the Waters of the River. Welland is very defective, and the Navigation thereby is much impeded, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the River being too wide between a certain Place called Hole, in the said

Parish of Surfleet, and the Junction of the Waters of ,the said River Welland with the Waters of the River Witham, in the said County, and certain Parts of the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, are subject to be Overflowed by the Downfoll of Rain thereon, and also by Upland Waters, and are: greatly injured by the said Downfoll 'and . Upland Waters not having a proper Passage to the Sea; and that in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the said Navigation, it is necessary that the present Channel of the River Welland

should be cleansed from a certain Place called The Reservoir to the said Shepherds Hole, and that a Dam should be made across the said Channel, and a new River or Cut of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made to commence below the said Shepherds Hole, and to continue from thence down to Wyberton Roads, in the Parish of Wyberton, in the said County, between the Port of Boston and a certain Place called Boston Scalp, and for the Convenience of Passengers, that a Bridge should be built over the said new River or Cut, at, or near, Fosdyke Inn, in the said Parish of Fosdyke; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Cut or River, as above described, may be made, and the Petitioners conceive that the making thereof, with such other Works as may be found requisite to attain the Ends above described, would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Places above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Spalding, in the said County, and of the adjacent Country, and the Expence of making such Cut or River, and other Works, and also of building the said Bridge, may with great Ease and Convenience be provided for by Means of a Tax upon the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage or Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, navigated on the said Cut or River, and by a Toll to be taken from Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, passing over the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Vyner,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Chelmer and are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Blackwater others, the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs, Quays, Navigation and Warehouses, on, or near, the Rivers Chelmer and Pet,tKm' Blackwater, in the County of Essex, and of the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and others, of the ancient Port, Borough, and Town of Maldon, and Country adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ford), That the Petitioners are advised, and conceive, that the Navigation to and from the said Port, Borough, and Town of Maldon, and the Trade thereof, ana of the Country adjacent, may be greatiy improved by varying, deepening, and making the Lines of the Rivers Chelmer and Blackwater navi-

?ible, for Ships and Vessels of large Burthen, from a lace, called Collier's Reach, in, or near, the said River Blackwater, to a Place called on die

said River Chelmer, in the said Town of Maldon, and by making and maintaining a Navigation for Boats and Barges from Fulbridge aforesaid, to that Part of the said River Chelmer near Beleigh Mill, to communicate with the intended Navigation from the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the said County of Essex, to Collier's Reach aforesaid, for which an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

263

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Ordered, That the skid Order be discharged,

amine the Matter thereof ;and report the same, as it Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

shall appear to them, to the House: upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this

And it is referred to Mr. Holden Strutt, Sir George Instant March.

Comewall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's A Petition of the Commissioners appointed for put- Thames and Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, ting into Execution the several Acts of Parliament Naviga-and Records. made for improving and completing the Naviga- tion Petitio,i

tion of die Rivers Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdic-iVtiticm A Petition of Henrietta Maria Atherton, of Atherton tion of the City of London, near Staines, in the County

lWltoextend Hall, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County Palatine of of Middlesex, to the Town of in the County

the Lancas- Lancaster, Spinster, was presented to the House, and of Witts, and of the several Persons 'who have lent ter Canal Na- read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed 'and advanced Monies on the Credit of the Tolls arising vigation. a gm j8 depending in the House, to enable the Com- on the said Navigation, whose Names are thereunto pany of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; to extend such Navigation, by making and maintaining Setting forth, That, by certain Acts, made in the a Navigable Canal from die Lancaster Canal Navi- Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the gation, at, or near, a certain Place called How Croft, Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Lancaster, to join the Canal of His Grace the Duke of Isis, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Bridgewater, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of and also to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, all Persons, who do Navigation, and for other Purposes, and the Petitioner or shall at any Time reside, or have an Estate of understands, that, in the List of Land Owners annexed £. 100 per Annum, within the Counties of Middlesex, to the 'Petition presented to the House, for Leave Surrey, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, to bring in the said Bill, she is stated as having con- being possessed of Real Estate to the Value of £ 100 sented thereto; and Representing to the House, that per Annum, or of Personal Estate to the Amount of ' her Consort, so stated to have been obtained, was £ 3,000, and taking the Oath appointed duly to exe-given not only under the Impression of Representations cute the Office of a Commissioner, were constituted made to her by the Agent for the Application, and Commissioners for putting into Execution the said which Representations, according to her Conception several Acts, and the said Commissioners were thereby of them, she has since discovered, were wholly un- impowered to borrow a considerable Sum on the founded, but also on certain Conditions respecting Credit of the Tolls arising, and to arise on the said the Direction m which the said Canal should be made Navigation, and therewith to famend and improve the near the Mansion House, Plantations, and Pleasure Navigation of the said Rivers; and that, in pursuance Grounds of the Petitioner, which Conditions, although of the Powers granted by the said Acts, the said Compromised at the Time to be fulfilled, are, as it should missioners have borrowed and taken up at Interest a seem by the Plan annexed to the Petition, not in- considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said tended to be complied with; and that, in Addition Tolls, and have expended the same in improving and to the above-mentioned Circumstances, the Petitioner amending the Navigation of the said Rivers; and not has lately discovered, that the making of the said Canal less than Four hundred Persons have taken the said in the Direction, Manner, and under the Regulations Oath of Qualification, attended the General Meetings proposed, will be highly prejudicial to her Property in of the said Commissioners, and acted in the Execution the Neighbourhood thereof, and particularly injurious of the said Acts; and that by reason of the Execute her Interests in respect to certain Collieries in the tive Management of the said Navigation being lodged Parish of Leigh: And therefore praying, That she in the Hands of so great a number of Commissioners,

!My be heard, by her Counsel, and Agents, against and for want of sufficient Powers being given to the such Parts of the said Bill as may affect her Interests, said Commissioners to commit the said Management and, that the same may not pass into a Law in the te a smaller Number, they have not been able to make Manner and Form proposed, or. teat she may have the said Navigation so perfect as it is capable of being such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shell made: And therefore praying. That Leave may be seem meet. given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to give such further Powers to the said Commissioners Consideration of a Committee: And teat they do ex a- for the Appointment of a Select or permanent Corn-mine the Matter thereof; 'and report the same, as it mittee, to whom the Whole Executive Power should shall appear to them, to the House: ' fee committed, subject to the Controul of the Com-

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr; missioners at large, or to grant such further Powers to Blackbume, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow the Commissioners, for the better amending and im-Moming, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's proving the said Navigation, as to the House shall Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, seem meet.

and Records; and all who come to the Committed Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the are to have Voices. Table.

ft

jBfli to extend The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Mr. John Calvert, Senior, presented to the House, Qu^-iey in-

Maaebw- 17th Day of February last, for reading a Second according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and closuro Till AfPtttCte- Time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for making inclosing, ‘the Common Fields, Common Downs, presented, aal to 3kdeo and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manckes- Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within and Red Mota, deferred*

ter, Bolton ana Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly the Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton: at, a Place-called Htnde'sMill, in the Parish of Bury, And tee same was received; and read the First by Rochdale and Litttohorough, to a certain Place at or Time.

near to Sladen; and also, another Navigable Canal 1 ResolThat tee Bill be read a Second Time, from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal at

Bolton, toa Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Town- Sir Watkin Lewes reported from tee Committee, to Boulter'* ship of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Ldn- whom tee Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders,

caster, nsight be read. and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Buckingham Canal Peti.

And the said Order being rend accordingly; and Middlesex, and of the Merchants and Traders of tion reported.

Voi» 49. the

364 3°

the Cities of London and whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is a6 followeth; viz.

To prove thfe Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Truss being examined, said, That there is a' very considerable Intercourse carried on between the Cities of London and , and the Western

Counties, by Means of the River; that the

Navigation of the said River from Mill,

near Boulter s Lock, in the County of Bucks, to Isle-worth, in the County of Middlesex, is frequently obstructed by the Lowness of the Water in Summer, and the Floods in Winter, whereby the necessary Sup>-plies of Timber, Bark, Malt, Cheese, Flour, and other Articles of Provision for the Metropolis, are rendered uncertain, and frequently damaged, and the Cargoes of Coals and Merchandize for the Supply of the Western Counties are frequently delayed; that by making a Canal from Taplow Mill Head, near Boulter's Lock, to the said River at Isleworth, Eighteen Miles of Navigation will be saved ip; a Distance of Thirty-seven Miles, the Expence of Towing will be considerably reduced, a great Saving made in the Article of Freight, and the Voyage will be performed with Certainty and Expedition, and the same will thereby be of very great Public U tility.

Mr. Robert Mylne, an Engineer, being examined, said, That he conceived it very practicable to make and maintain the said'Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from

low Mill Head, in the River Thames, near Boulter's Lock, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Watkin Lewes, Sir John Call, and Mr. Loveden do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition re- A Petition of the several Gendemen, Tradesmen, specting the and Manufacturers, whose Names are thereunto sub-Application scribed, resident in the Staffordshire Potteries, was Docks Bill. Presente(l to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Appplication is making for an Act to extend the present Dock of the Port of Kingston upon Hull; and that a very considerable Trade is carried on by the Petitioners with Foreign Parts, by , Means of die Port of Hull, the presept Dock and Harbour whereof are much too small, and insufficient for the Trade circulated through that Medium, and the Petitioners, and their Correspondents, not only suffer considerable Inconvenience by the frequent Detention of Goods sent there, on account of the Difficulties the' Gainsborough Vessels meet with for Want of a more free Access to the said Port, and Communication with the different Ships there, but alsp sustain very great Loss from Breakage, to which EarthenWare is particularly liable, and are subject to much Expence, on Account of the Goods being often obliged to be landed or put on Board of Lighters, in order to be conveyed to the different Vessels in Dock, and which is occasioned by the present confined State of such Dock, to the great- Detriment of a free Commercial Intercourse; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Extension of the said Dock would relieve them from the great Losses and Inconveniencies they at present sustain, and would likewise be of great Advantage to Trade in general, and a Measure of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said ' Bill may pass into a Law.

Martii. A, 1794.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Order for re-upon Tuesday last, for referring the Petition of William ferring Calli-Kilburn, of Carshalton, in the County of Surrey, Cal- petition" licoe Printer, William Ftnning, of Mitcham, in the said to a commit-County of Surrey, Callicoe Printer, and of others, teedischar-Designers, Printers, and Proprietors of Patterns, 8®^ Bill used in the Art of printing Linens, Cottons, Calli- ordefed* coes, and Muslins, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for the Care st. Alban of the Road, through the several Parishes of Saint and South Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Mid- 1 pa*8*d" dlesex, to change the Course of the said Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain Buddings and Hereditaments for the Purpose of making a new Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The. Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to Birchill and whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- Huddlesford ble Canal from the Wyrley and E Canal at or Canal Bill

near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coven- rePorted* try Canal, at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, and also a navigable Cut to communicate therewith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Phineas Hussey, of Little Wyrley, in the County of Stafford,

Esquire; and also the Petition of Joseph Bradley and Francis Edwards, Gentlemen, Proprietors of the Manor of Goscott, in the Parish of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was

read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Petition to

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of "e,ld ** the River Trent Navigation, was referred; That the Narigatiolf Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- Act reported, ing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ,:

To prove the Allegations of the i said Petition, it appeared, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of

34 Geo. III.

3° Martii.

265

of the Reign of His present Majesty, that the said Company were empowered to improve the Navigation of the said River from Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln. — And,

Mr. William Jessop being examined, said, That In order effectually to improve the said Navigation, and render the same more beneficial to the Public, it will be necessary to deepen, scour, and cleanse the Bed of the said River, and to enlarge and improve the Haling Paths upon the Banks thereof: He further said, That it is practicable to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said River, in Beeston Meadow, to join and communicate with the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also a Navigable Side Cut or Canal, from the said River, below the Trent Lock, in the Township of Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to, or near, a Place called Jugglers Holt, in the said Township of Long Eaton, and also one other Side Cut or Canal from the said River through certain Inclosures called The Holmes, in the Townships of Adbolton and

singfield, in the County of Nottingham, to, or near, a Place called Cow Ford. — And the Witness added, That the making and maintaining the said Cuts or Canals, will be of great Benefit to Persons residing or having Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of Public Utility.

Mr. Robert Whitworth being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of . His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canid in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Ben-tinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports and Account of the Exports and Imports by the Port of ttePort of Lynn, and the Duties paid thereon, for Seven Years, Lynn, or- ending on the 5th day of January last; specifying the dered. Total Quantities of the several Articles, and the Duties paid thereon in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exports and Imports by the Port of Lynn, and the Duties paid thereon, for Seven Years, commencing the 5th of January 1730, and ending the 5 th of January 1737.

Burtry Ford, Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Alston, and the Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and In-Road*Petition habitants of the several Counties of Durham, Cum-reported. berland, and Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Fenwick, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Burtry Ford to Alston, and from Alston, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually altered, repaired, and widened, and rendered safe and commodious, by the Laws now in being. — And he added, That if the said Road

Vol. 49.

was properly amended and widened, and proper-and necessary Bridges built over the same, it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would facilitate and improve the Communication between the several Counties aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland: And that Mr. Grey and Sir Matthew White Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Petition Mills situate upon the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the an/castlf6 House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for mak- Field Can»l ing and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Bill-Colder Navigation at, or near, Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain.

Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners conceive that the passing such Bill into a Law would not only be very prejudicial to the Mills, Estates, and Interests, of the Petitioners, but also to the Woollen and Stuff Manufactories of that Part of the West Riding of the County of York; and that there are on the said River upwards of Thirty Mills, within the Distance of Twenty Miles, for the milling of Woollen Cloth, scribbling and spinning Wool, scouring of Stuffs, and grinding Com, which produce to the Proprietors thereof a very considerable Annual Rent, and those Mills in Times of Drought experience a very considerable Loss for want of Water, many of them in such Times are not able to work more than Twelve or Fourteen Hours in the Day, and, should a Diminution of Wetter (sufficient to supply a Canal) take Place, the Petitioners apprehend many of those Mills would be thereby rendered nearly useless in the Summer Months and the Manufacturers be obliged, as has been the Case lately, to carry their Cloths and Stuffs to distant Mills on other Rivers to be milled and scoured; and that the River Colder and its Feeders, in its present State, is not equal to the Powers wanted, and, if any Diminution of Water takes Place, those Mills will be very materially injured, as well as the Trade and Manufactories of that Neighbourhood: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against so much of the said Bill as affects the said River Calder, or its Feeders.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.' 1

The House being informed that Mr. Prestwood, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding in each Month, to the present Time; with the Amount of Interest due thereon, computed to the 1st of March 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding presented.

3 y

NAVY

g

f — h

N'

CD

Q_

CT

F)

W<525

£S O* g

e*

B'5.

NAVY OFFICE, the ist March 1794.

An ACCOUNT of Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding in each Month, to the present Time; with the Amount of Interest due thereon, computed to the 1st of March 1794'

Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th February 1794-

JS

Cl

In what Months registered. NAVY and TRANSPORT BILLS. ' VICTUALLING BILLS. GENERAL TOTALS.

/ Interest Bills. Non-Interest. TOTAL. / Interest Bills. Non-Interest. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £ s.d. £ d. £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

1791- October. ‘Principal - . 63,259 15 3 17 12 9- 63,277 8 — 17,978 3 10 5,864 13 11 23,842 17 87,120 5 9

Interest - - - 4,850 — — - - ‘ i,378 6 6 6,228 6 6 .

November. Principal - . 6o,377 3 4 - 60,377 3 4 15,333 4 1 5,702 10 7 21,035 14 8 81,412 18 —

Interest - - - - 4,428 — — - 1,124 8 8 5,552 8 8

December. Principal - - 101,435 15 1 51 18 6 101,487 13 7 24,911 3 4 10,029 11 10 34,940 15 2 136,428 8 9

Interest - " - - 7,ioi — — - - . - i,743 15 7 8,844 15 7

1792. January. Principal - - 32,008 10 3 - 32,008 10 3 10,453 10 8 9,41316 4 19,867 7 — 51,875 17 3

Interest - - - 2,134 — — - - m — 696 18 — 2,830 18 —

February. Principal - - 35,495 6 2 190 35,685 6 2 10,547 15 6 2,624 16 — 13,172 11 6 48,857 17 8

Interest - - - 2,248 — — m - - 668 — 6 2,916 — 6

March. Principal - 33,943 10 5 - 33,943 10 5 11,691 3 10 4,421 18 11 16,113 2 9 50,056 13. 2

Interest - - - 2,037 - 701 9 5 2,738 9 5

April. Principal - - 41,824 1 2 2 9 1 41,826 10 3 12,489 13 6 3,545 2 -- 16,034 15 6 57,86i 5 9

Interest - - - - m m 2,370 - 707 14 11 3,077 14 11

May. Principal - - 40,855 16 2 - 40,855 16 2 23,932 3 8 7,098 4 5 31,030 8 1 71,886 4 3

Interest - - - 2,179 - 1,276 7 7 3,455 7 7

June. Principal - - 48,449 17 9 - 48,449 17 9 13,492 14 6 1,763 18 2 15,256 12 8 63,706 10 5

Interest - - - 2,423 — — - - ... 674 12 8 3,097 12 8

July. Principal - - 52,268 5 7 - 52,268 5 7 10,825 7 2 1,611 3 5 12,436 10 7 64,704 16 2

Interest - - - - mm m 2,439 — — - - ... 505 3 8 2,944 3 8

August. Principal - - 76,976 18 8 - 76,976 18 8 10,295 10 11 2,642 12 5 12,938 3 4 89,915 2 —

Interest - - - 3,336 - 446 2 9 3,782 2 9

September. Principal - - 68,757 — 8 m rn m 68,757 — 8 10,361 11 — 1,738 2 5 12,099 13 5 80,856 14 1

Interest - - - 2,750 - 414 9 2 3,164 9 2

October. Principal - - 61,626 12 3 - 61,626 12 3 16,100 18 5 2,199 14 5 18,300 12 10 79,927 5 1

Interest - - - 2,260 - 590 7 4 2,850 7 4

November. Principal - - 89,072 16 9 ... 89,072 16 9 16,418 7 6 3,250 1 1 19,668 8 7 108,741 5 4

Interest - - - - 2,969 — — m - - - - 547 5 7 3,5i6 5 7

December. Principal - - 182,296 19 11 48 14 10 182,345 14 9 38,526 16 9 1,146 13 3 39,673 10 — 222,019 4 9

Interest % 5,469 — ~ m . " " . 1,155 16 1 6,624 16 1

3° Martii. . A. 1794.

o

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

1793- January. Principal 87,815 11 6 87,815 11 6 92,181 14 1 *. 2,03418 11 94,216 13 _ 182,032 4 6

Interest - - - - 2,342 - m 2,458 3 6 4,800 3 6

February. Principal - 66,564 14 2 - - 66,56414 2 91,210 1 9 71615 8 91,926 17 5 158,491 11 7

Interest - - - - 1,553 - - 2,115 4 10 3,668 4 10

March. Principal - - 105,611 19 — - - 105,611 19 — 112,190 12 11 1,88419 6 114,075 12 5 219,687 11 5

Interest - - " ' - - - 2,112 - - 2,243 16 3 4,355 16 3

April. Principal - - 126,698 310 - - 126,698 3 1 C 158,403 2 8 2,190 4 4 160,593 7 — 287,291 10 10

Interest - - - 2,112 - - 2,640 1 — 4,752 1 —

May. Principal - 138,042 711 10 5 1 138,052 13 — 155,407 — 994 5 6 156,401 5 6 294,453 18 6

Interest - - - 1,841 - - 2,072 1 10 3,913 1 10

June. Principal . 154,799 6 9 54 — 3 154,853 7 — 126,715 4 - 887 1 6 127,602 5 6 282,455 12 6

Interest - - - - 1,548 — — - - . - - 1,267 3 — 2,815 3 —

July. Principal - 157,522 13 3 188 >9 10 157,711 13 1 73,312 12 2 91816 2 74,231 8 4 231,943 1 5

Interest - - - 1,050 - 488 15 — 1,538 15 —

August. Principal 220,675 16 11 5,985 — — 226,660 16 11 99,°96 3 7 2,498 — — 101,594 3 7 328,255 — 6

Interest - - - 736 - 330 6 4 1,066 6 4

September. Principal - 215,401 14 9 2,791 4 4 218,192 19 1 115,890 14 1,689 6 6 117,580 — 6 335,772 19 7

October. Principal - 291,012 16 n 2,804 11 4 293,817 8 3 172,016 2 2 499 5 3 172,515 7 5 466,332 15 8

November. Principal - 165,434 310 1,285 — — 166,709 3 10 168,577 9 1 2,629 (8 7 171,207 7 8 337,916 11 6

December. Principal - 220,160 19 5 721 10 l' 220,882 9 6 175,372 — 1 V 3,32* 10 — 178,694 10 1 399,576 19 7

1794. January. Principal - 200,116 2 6 2,545 — 202,661 2 6 175,348 17 8 1,693 12 7 177,042 10 3 379,703 12 9

February. Principal - 167A39 17 9 515 — — 167,654 17 9 196,740 12 3 133 19 4 196,874 11 7 364,529 9 4

Totals ("Principal ^Interest 3,305,634 17 11 17,211 6 1 3,322,8461 62,287 4 2,155,820 m 11 1 85,146 13 — .2,240,967 26,246 4 10 1 2 5,563,813 88,533 8 10 1 2

General Totals - - I- 3,305,634 17 11 17,211 6 1 3,385,133 4 — 2,155,820 11 1 85,146-13. — - 2,267,213 14 3 5,652,346 18 3

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Five Millions Six Hundred and Fifty-two thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Henry Martin. J. Hens law. Will9 Rule. Gea. Marsh..Geo. Rogers. W. Bellingham. A. S. Hamond. Sam1 Wallis.

S. Marshall.

tO

3

g<z

f8

I o*

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

268 3" Martii. A. 1794.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of

Sepply.

Estimate of Navy Debt referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, When the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Proceedings Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk on East India had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Judicature Names of all the Members of this House, who had delivered in Lists, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Dr. Bathurst Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given thanked. to the Reverend Doctor Bathurst, Canon of Christchurch College, in the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Robert Smith and the Lord Parker do acquaint him therewith.

ToorRemoval Mr. Hyde East presented to the House, according to Bill pre- Order, a Bill for preventing the Removal of Poor Persons

*ente<1‘ to the Place of their legal Settlement, until they are actually chargeable: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Earl of New- A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James burgh and ‘Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Levingston,

Jou" of Flacraig, in the Kingdom of Scotland, and of Sir John ton'sPetition. Throckmorton, of Buckland, in the County of Berks,

Baronet, as the next Friend and Trustee for, and on Behalf of Thomas Giffard, of Chillington, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and of his Infant Children, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petitition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Honourable William Radclyffe, late of Ambell, in the County of Northumberland,

Esquire, died on, or about, the 4th Day of November, 1732, seised in Fee Simple of, and in the Manor of, Ambell, and several Lands and Hereditaments situated in Ambell, Hawxley, and Warkworth, in the said County of Northumberland, and the said William Rad-clyffe, by a Will, or Testamentary Instrument in Writing, dated the 24th Day of July 1730, devised, or intended to devise, all his Real Estates to James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh, his little Nephew, and the Father of the Petitioner, the said Anthony James Earl of Newburgh; and that, although the said Will or Testamentary Instrument were executed by the said William Radclyffe, in the Presence of Three credible Witnesses, yet, inasmuch as it was not subscribed by them as Witnesses to his Execution thereof, the said William Radclyffe died intestate as to his Real Estates: That upon Account of the Attainders of the Two Nephews of the said William Radclyffe, viz. James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radclyffe, for having been concerned in the then late Rebellion of 1715, no Person could become Heir to the said William Radclyffe, deceased: That, upon an Inquisition taken at Morpeth in the said County of Northumberland, on the 4th Day of November 1742, it was found that the -said Manor of Ambell, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of which the said William Radclyffe died seised or intitled unto, had escheated to the Crown for want of an Heir: That, inasmuch as some Doubts were conceived concerning the Alienage of the said James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh, the little Nephew, and the intended Devisee of the said William Radclyffe, because he was born Abroad, after the Attainder of his Father, the aforesaid Charles Radclyffe, his late Majesty King George the Second was most graciously pleased to mitigate the Rigor of the Laws, by which the said James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh, was disabled to take and hold the Estates of his said great Uncle, deceased, and therefore by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 3d Day of November 1744, demised unto the Most noble Charles, late Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and to the Honourable James Brudenell, Esquire, (Nominees and Trustees of and for the said James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh) all the said Manor of Ambell, and the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned to be situated in Ambell, Hawxley, and Warkworth, in the said County of Northumberland, to hold the same unto the said Charles Duke of Richmond and and

James Brudenell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assignees, from thenceforth for and during the Term of Thirty-one Years, at and under the ancient Yearly Rent of Sixteen Pounds Nine Shillings, and his said Majesty did thereby moreover assign and make over to them the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and James Brudenell, for the Benefit of the said James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh, all the Rents and Arrears of Rent of the said Hereditaments and Premisses that had accrued from the Death of the said William Radclyffe, up to the Day of the Date of the said Letters Patent: That, by other Letters Patent, bearing Date the 25th Day of August 1768, His present Majesty was also most graciously pleased to demise all the said Manor, Hereditaments, and Premisses, to the Right Honourable George Henry, late Earl of Litchfield, and John Lord Bellew (Nominees and Trustees of and for the said James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh) to hold the same unto the said George Henry Earl of Litchfield, and John Lord , their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Twenty-three Years and Six Months, from the 14th Day of November 1775 (which was the Time of the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of Thirty-one Years) at and under the said Yearly Rent of Sixteen Pounds Nine Shillings: That the aforesaid James Bartholomew, late Earl of Newburgh, is dead, and the Petitioner, the said Anthony James Earl of Newburgh,

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

269

his only Son, is now possessed as cestuy Trust of the said Manor, Hereditaments, and Premises, for the residue of the said Term of Twenty-three Years and Six Months, which is yet to come and unexpired: That George Collingwood, late of Eslington, in the said County of Northumberland, Esquire, was, in or about the Year 1715, attainted of High Treason, for having been concerned in the then late Rebellion, and was executed for the same, and by his Attainder, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of a Moiety, or Half Part, of Two undivided Third Parts of a certain Colliery, called Stumplewood Colliery, in the said County of Northumberland, became vested in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors: That, as the said Colliery was not worked from about the Year 1710 until some Time in or about the Year 1789, the Estate, Share, and Interest, of the said George Colling of, in, and to the same,

never was sold nor appropriated by the Commissioners appointed by Parliament for selling the forfeited Estates, but the same is now vested in His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Fee Simple: That the said Thomas Gifford is the direct Descendant of the aforesaid George Collingwood, and would be his Heir at Law but on Account of the Attainder of his said Ancestor: That, on Account of the deranged State of the Affairs of the said Thomas Gifford, and of his Incapacity to attend to and manage the same, all his Estates have been, and still are, vested in Trustees, of whom the said Sir John Throcbnortom is one, for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Thomas and

his Infant Children: That such has been the Liberality of Parliament, that they have been graciously pleased to enable His Majesty to restore to the Descendants of the former Proprietors all such Estates forfeited by the Adherents of the House of Stuart as were known not to have been sold, or become vested in private Individuals, or appropriated to some special National Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant to the said Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, in Fee Simple, the said Estates now vested in Him, by reason of the Attainder of the Ancestor of the said Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, and the said Estates, vested in His Majesty by virtue of the Attainder of the Ancestor of the said Thomas Giffard, unto the said Sir John Throckmorton, in Trust for the said Thomas Giffard, or his Children, in such Manner as to His Majesty shall seem meet, or for such other Redress and Relief as they shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cotes, Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Kemeys' A Petition of John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, on Be-

Petition. half of himself, his Mother, and his Two Sisters, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1756, pursuant to an Order of the Court of Chancery, the Estates of the Petitioner's Father and Mother, consisting of a Moiety of a Plantation, w'ith the Negroes and Appurtenances, in Jamaica, then producing, communibus Annis, £ 1,200 Sterling, and of several Freehold Manors and Farms in Monmouthshire, in England, then of the Yearly Value of £.352, were yoi. 49.

(subject to prior Portions and Incumbrances, amounting to £ 3,300) settled upon the late John Gardner, the Petitioner's Father, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder for securing a Jointure to the Petitioner's Mother of £ 500 per Annum, and £ 4,000 Portions for the Petitioner's Sisters, Remainder to the Petitioner in Tail in strict Settlement'; and that the said John Gardner took the Name of Kemeys, in pursuance of the Will of Reginald Kemeys, his Wife's Father: That it is with the deepest Concern, though under the Impulse of absolute Necessity, the Petitioner is obliged to state, that his Father, having contracted very considerable Debts, conceived a Plan for extricating himself out of his Difficulties, by laying such a Case before the Legislature as should induce them to pass an Act (though to the Disinherison of the Petitioner when an Infant of about Fourteen Years of Age) for making the above settled Property a Fund to discharge his Debts, and accordingly, in the Year 1772, he applied for and obtained (and induced his Wife, the Petitioner's Mother, to consent to) an Act of Parliament in Great Britain, wherein, by way of Inducement to the Fraud then practising on the Legislature, it was, according to the false Evidence produced to the Committees of both Houses of Parliament, stated, that the Petitioner's Father was seised in Fee of an Estate in Monmouthshire, adjoining to and intermixed with the settled Estate, then of the Yearly Value of £ 566, in which had been discovered some Ore that was likely to prove very beneficial; and further, that the Petitioner's Father, since the execution of the said Settlement, was become seised of a convenient Tract of Land contiguous to the said Plantation, and that he had expended considerable Sums in lasting Improvements for the Use of the Plantation, and in extending the Plantation, by cultivating a large Tract of Waste Lands, which before was of little or no Value, and in purchasing an additional Number of Negroes proper for the Improvement thereof, by Means whereof the Annual Income of the Plantation had been increased, from £. 1,200 a Year, to the Annual Sum of £. 2,500, and the Annual Income was likely, in the Course of a few Years, to be much further increased; and further, that the Petitioner's Father had also expended very considerable Sums upon the Monmouth settled Estate, in repairing and enlarging the Mansion House, in rebuilding and repairing Farm Houses, and by inclosing and cultivating great Part of the barren and unprofitable Lands, by planting a very considerable Quantity of Oak and other Trees, which were in a very thriving Condition, and in other lasting and permanent Improvements, by Means whereof the Annual Income of that Estate was increased in Value to £981 per Annum and upwards, and, by the Annual Growth and Increase of the Trees so planted, the Inheritance of the said Premises would, in a few Years, be considerably improved; and further, that there was then growing upon the settled Monmouth Estate a considerable Quantity of Timber and other Trees in a very thriving Condition, which, upon a fair Value, were worth then to be sold £. 6,000 and upwards; and it was also further stated, that, to enable the Petitioner's Father to make the several Purchases and Improvements aforesaid, and thereby to increase as well the Yearly Income as the Value of the Inheritance of the settled Estates, for the Benefit of the Issue Male claiming under the Settlement to the Amount before-mentioned, and without which no such Advantage could accrue to them, the Petitioner's Father had been necessarily obliged, not only to contract Debts to the Amount of £31,976 or upwards, but to grant several Annuities out of the settled Estates, during his Life, to the Yearly Amount of £. 1,300, which were redeemable, and which (with the Incumbrances on the settled Estates prior to the Settlement) made together £44,026 or thereabouts; and it was further stated, that the Pe-

3 Z titioner's

370 3" Martii. A. 1794.

titioner's Father, having been threatened with Suits at Law and in Equity by his Creditors, he was advised and apprehended it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of himself and Family, and all Persons claiming under the Limitations of the Settlement, and be a Means of preserving a great Part of the settled and unsettled Estates, if he was enabled, by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money sufficient to pay off the Portions, Debts, and Sums of Money so owing by him, and to redeem the Annuities so granted by him, as he would thereby afterwards have a clear Estate of Inheritance left for the Benefit and Preservation of himself and Family, of the Yearly Value of £. 2,500 and upwards, exclusive of what might thereafter arise from One that had been discovered on his unsettled Estate, which he was desirous of preserving, as it might eventually prove very valuable and advantageous to himself ana Family; and further, that, in order to make Compensation to the Issue Male, inheritable under the Limitations of the Settlement, for the Prejudice, if any, that might accrue to him or them by such Sale or Mortgage to be made as aforesaid, the Petitioner's Father had proposed and consented, that so much of the Plantation and other settled Estates as should not be sold, and the Equity of Redemption of so much as should be mortgaged, should be absolutely discharged from any future Debt he might contract, and that so much of the Plantation Lands and Negroes as had been purchased by him since the Settlement, together with the Watercourse or Canal, Mills, Erections, Buildings, and Improvements, which on a fair Calculation, according to the Annual Improvement of the said Estate, might be estimated at 18,000 at the feast, together with the Estate in Monmouthshire, whereof he was seised in Fee (except the Mines and Minerals within the said Estate) and which was then of the Yearly Value of £. 566, and in its then Situation was worth to be sold £. 15,000 at least, should (subject to the raising the £. 44,026 or thereabouts) be vested in Trustees, and settled to the same Uses as the Estates comprized in the Settlement did then stand limited and settled; and, as a further Compensation as aforesaid, he was willing and desirous not only to relinquish, for the Benefit of his Issue Male, the Claim he had upon the settled Estates in Monmouthshire, in respect of the great Sums expended by him in lasting Improvements, and which might be estimated at £. 8,000 at the least, and also to waive and divest himself of his Power of cutting down Timber, and committing Waste on the said settled Estate, which was computed to amount to and be worth £. 5,000 at least, and also was willing that One Third Part of the clear Profits which might arise from the Mines and Minerals which then were, or might be discovered in the Said unsettled Estate, should be vested in Trustees, ns an accumulating and auxiliary Fund, towards paying off and discharging the Money then to be raised, so far as the same should extend; and, after the above Statements, the Act proceeds to vest all the aforesaid settled and unsettled English and Jamaica Estates in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, such Sums as should be necessary for paying the Costs of the said Act, and the Trusts thereby created, and the Portions, Debts, Sums of Money, and Incumbrances, and redeeming the Annuities specified in a Schedule, and all Interest of the said Debts and Incumbrances, fend Arrears of the said Annuities which should be due at the Time of the Payment thereof, the Amount of all which Debts and Incumbrances, and Arrears of Interest and of Annuities, and of the Monies required to redeem the said Annuities, are calculated in the said Schedule to amount to the said Sum of £. 44,026 for effectuating the other Purposes mentioned in the Recitals of the said Act: That, in pursuance of the above Act, the Trustees executed a Mortgage of aH the English and Jamaica Estates, settled and

3

unsettled, to a Trustee for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, for securing £. 48,000, which Sum the Trustees applied in satisfying the Debts and Incumbrances, and redeeming the Annuities provided for by the Act, and the Interest and Arrears thereof; but the Court of Chancery of England, in a Cause instituted by the said Richard Rigby, for a Foreclosure of the said Mortgaged Estates, decreed, that the Trustees were only authorized to raise £.41,386. 135. 6d. under the Powers given by the said Act; and accordingly the Trustees were ordered to pay the Difference to Mr. Rigby, which they have done, and yet there now remains a Sum of £. 53,000 Sterling, or thereabouts, due for the Principal and Interest of such Mortgage, and Receivers are now in Possession of all the said Mortgaged Estates, appointed under Orders of the Courts of Chancery in England and Jamaica: That the Person, who solicited the said Act of Parliament for the Petitioner's late lather, entered an Appearance for the Petitioner to Mr. Rigby's Suit in Chancery without the Knowledge of the Petitioner; and it now appears that nothing further was done for the Petitioner in the said Suit, but that the Bill was ordered to be taken, pro con/esso, against the Petitioner for a Foreclosure: That the Petitioner's Father died in July last; and the Petitioner, instead of coming into Possession, ps he had a Right to expect, of the above settled Property, viz. an English Estate of £352 per Annum, and a Jamaica Estate of about £. 1,200 per Annum, clear of Incumbrances, except his Mother's Jointure of £. 500, and except £. 7,300, being the Incumbrances charged thereon previous to and by the Settlement, he now finds himself intirely stripped of all Provision intended for him by the Settlement, and indeed of all Means of Subsistence, as he has no other Fortune; for there is every Reason to apprehend, that the Mortgaged Estates, if now sold, would fall short of raising sufficient to pay the Principal and Interest due to Mr. Rigby's Executors; and, besides this, the Petitioner's Mother and his Sisters are also, by the Consequences of the Act, totally deprived of the Jointure and Portions intended for them by the Settlement: That the Petitioner now finds, and is able to prove, that the grossest Imposition was practised on Parliament in obtaining the Act; for, instead of the unsettled Monmouth Estate being, as stated in the Act, of £. 566 Yearly Value, and the settled Part being then of £. 981 Yearly Value, making together a Rental of £. 1,547 i and> instead of Ore being found in the unsettled Estate likely to prove beneficial, and the Timber on the settled Estate being at the Time of die Act, as therein stated, worth to be sold £. 6,000 and upwards, the Fact really is, that the whole settled and unsettled Estate in Monmouthshire has never been let at a gross Rent of more than £. 700 or £. 800 per Annum, and that no Ore whatever has been, or is likely to be, discovered therein; and the Petitioner's Father, but a few Years before the Act passed, purchased the unsettled Monmouthshire Estate for a Sum of £. 3,443 only, although the Rental thereof was stated in the Act at £. 566 per Annum; and the Value of the Timber, as stated in the Act, was equally fallacious, for the Timber, on both the settled and unsettled Estates, is now valued at £. 3,000 or thereabouts, and none has been felled since the Act, except for the necessary Repairs; and further, the Jamaica Estate, instead of producing an Income, as stated in the Act, of £. 2,500 per Annum, has not, for the last Seven Years, yielded more than £. 1,000 a Year, nor the English Estate more than £. 500 a Year nett upon an Average, making in all £. 1,500 per Annum, a Sum greatly insufficient to pay the Interest of the Mortgage, by which it is increased from £. 41,386. 13 v. 6 d. to £. 53,000 or thereabouts: That Mr. Rig/y, the Mortgagee of the aforesaid Estates, died indebted to Government in a

very

34 Geo. III. 3° Martii. 271

very large S»um of Money, and there is now about £. 150,000, due from him. That, inasmuch as the grievous Misfortune of the Petitioner, and of his Mother and Sisters, has been occasioned by the Extraordinary Interposition of the Legislature, in setting aside the Settlement which would have insured Competence and Affluence to the Petitioner, and which Interposition was founded on a gross Misrepresentation of Facts, and made at a Time when the tender Years of the Petitioner rendered it impossible for him to take any Stgas to prevent his Estate from being injuriously taken from him, and 'as it now happens, from the Circumstance of the Money due to Government from the Estate of the said Mr. Rigby not having yet been paid, that the Petitioner might be relieved from the cruel Injustice he has suffered, without interfering with the private Interest of Individuals,. or the Application of Money already appropriated to the Public Service, if it shall be thought the Hardship of his Case entitles him to hope for Relief from the same Legislature which, by Deceit and Fraud, has, been made the Instrument of the Ruin of the Petitioner (who is married, and has an Infant Family) and whose Mother and Sisters are also, by the above Means, entirely destitute of all Provision, the Petitioner hopes that Parliament will think it just to afford him Relief, and that it will not be thought unreasonable that the settled English and Jamaica Estates may be vested in proper Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the above Act of Parliament, and also discharged of Mr. Rigby's Mortgage, but upon Trust to be sold under proper Regulations, and that the Amount of the Purchase Money shall be deducted out of the Principal Money and Interest due on that Mortgage, and that Mr. Rigby's Executors, and his Real and Personal Estates, shall be discharged from his Debt to the Crown to that Amount, and that it be referred to proper Persons to take an Account of the Value of the Timber now on the settled English Estate, and of the Sums expended by the late Mr. Kemeys in lasting Improvements on the settled English and Jamaica Estates, and that what shall be reported as the Amount of the Particulars referred for Liquidation, added to the Sum of £. 3,300, being the Amount of the Incumbrances on the settled Estates prior to the Settlement, be paid into the Exchequer for his Majesty's Use, and that the Residue shall be applied in securing the Jointure and Portions for the Petitioner's Mother and Sisters, and the Surplus paid to the Petitioner for his own Use: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to enquire into the several Matters of this Petition, and that, if their Lordships shall certify their Approbation of the Measure, then that the aforesaid settled Estates in England and Jamaica shall be vested in Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, or otherwise that the Petitioner, and his Mother and Sisters, may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Atkin- A Petition of Christopher , of Park Stt'eet,

son's Petition. Westminster, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in July 1783, the Petitioner had the Misfortune to be convicted upon an Indictment in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench for Perjury, alledged to have been committed by him in an Affidavit denying a Charge contained in a libellous Publication against the Petitioner, imputing to him Fraud in his Transactions with the Victualling Board, and afterwards suffered the direful Consequences annexed by Law to the Crime of Perjury': That, at the Trial, Mr. Lee, the then Solicitor General, who conducted the Prosecution on Behalf of the Vol. 49*

Crown in opening the Case, declared in Substance, that, if no Fraud were found in the Petitioner's Transactions, no Perjury could be imputed to him; to which Lord Mansfield, the then Chief Justice of the Court, and who tried the Indictment against the Petitioner, expressed his Assent: That the Verdict was given by the Jury under an Impression of Fraud, for want of a sufficient Conception of the Nature of the Petitioner's Accounts, and the Mode of keeping them, which Accounts, most unfortunately for the Petitioner, were of too great a Magnitude and Extent to be fully investigated and understood in the short Space allotted for the Trial of an Indictment at a Nisi Prius Sittings:

That the Petitioner, at the Time of his said Conviction, was a Member of this Honourable House, but' in consequence thereof expelled from, it by a Resolution which now appears upon the Journals: That His Majesty's then Attorney General, in Michaelmas Term 1782, filed his Information, in the Court of Exchequer, for a Restitution of the Overcharges alledged against the Petitioner, and which Information particularly involved the Transactions which had been ‘ the Subject of the Trial for Perjury, and proceeded entirely upon the Idea of the supposed Fraud which had led to the Petitioner's Conviction, so that the Question in Effect was, whether the Petitioner had been guilty of that Fraud, the Belief of which was the Ground of his Conviction for Perjury? That, in November 1790, Eight Years from the filing the Information, the Court,. after Twelve Days hearing Counsel, and a solemn and thorough Investigation of the Petitioner's Accounts and Transactions, and reading the Evidence of respectable Commercial Men that had been taken on the Occasion, so far from discovering any Fraud in the Petitioner's Transactions with the Victualling Board, wras pleased to intimate that the Petitioner had Merit with the Public upon the whole of his extensive Transactions with that Board:

That, on the 26th of May 1791, His Majesty's Attorney General, the present Lord Chief Baron, having taken Time to consider whether he ought, on Behalf of the Public, to pray any Account against the Petitioner, was pleased to signify to the Court, that he declined to pray any Account, which the Court not only approved, but observed it was a prudent and honourable Decision, and such Decision, the Petitioner humbly submits, manifests that the Conviction was founded in Misconception: That the Petitioner, on the 14th of June 1791, presented a Petition to His Majesty, stating, in Substance, the above Facts, and praying that His Majesty w ould, in respect thereof, be graciously pleased to pardon the said Conviction, and restore him to his Franchises, w'hich Petition was by His Majesty referred to the said Attorney General, who had conducted the Suit in the Exchequer on the Part of the Crown against the Petitioner, as before-mentioned, and, on a Report from the said Attorney General, His Majesty was pleased to pardon the said Conviction, and to restore the Petitioner to all his former Franchises: And therefore praying, That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and that the Resolution for his Expulsion may be expunged from the Journals, as the Grounds on which he was supposed unworthy to sit in Parliament, now clearly turn out to have been erroneous.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Counsel

Reading of the Bill for improving the Drainage of heard on q* the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Le- j?ea<1'n? ?f vel of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low King's Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also Lynn Drain-the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in age Bill, the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to

Sea,

272

3° — 4° Martii.

A. 1794.

Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said also, for the Petition of the several Persons whose County, and for altering and improving the Naviga- Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentle-tion of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place men, Merchants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk; and also, Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of for the Petition of the several Persons thereunder-King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the named, Owners and Proprietors of divers consi-Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with derable Estates within the Country of , in

the said River Ouze. the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second others, Owners of Estates there; and also, for the Pe-Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Susanna Palmer, Widow, and John Francklin, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the

tition of the several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's,

West Lynn and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze, was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Cofn-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Bo- mon Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, and also rough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inha-in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and bitants of the Town of Lynn.

also, the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of directed to withdraw.

the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the other upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Inhabitants of the said County; and also, the Petition Morning, of the thereunder-mentioned Peers, and the humble

Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, The other Orders of the Day being read; and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Attornies the Behalf of themselves and other Persons interested the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Duties Bill in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of deferred-Mildenhall, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk;Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or and also, the Petition of John Philipps, a Proprie- Attornies, in any of the Courts of England therein-for of certain Lands ip a certain Fen or Place mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow called Redmoor, in Ely, in the Isle of Ely and Coun- Morning.

-ty of Cambridge, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in Redmoor aforesaid; and also, the Petition of the several Persons thereunder named,

Owners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates there; and also, the Petition of the several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates, in the Pa- House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty cer-rishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South tain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on imported into, Great Britain.

the East Side of the River Ouze; and also, the Peti- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Glass addition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tfcoal Duties

tirr»ok»p nr>rl ntlioro Tnliokitonte r\£ flin Tnnrn rvf '-«----4. — I_T 1 n Bill OBIGITCd.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of Means defer-the whole House, to consider further of Ways and 1 Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Bricks and

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tiles addi- — B - ----- tional Duties

Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Town; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Inhabi-

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in,

Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Norwich and Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to deferred'.

tants of the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part

Norfolk; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Pro- in the said County, was committed, be taken into further prietors or Owners of divers Commonable, or Low or Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Parishes of

Isleham, Fordham, Wicken, Soham, Barway, Waterbeach, Cottenham, Rampton, Willingham, and Over, in the County of Cambridge, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Methwold, Northwold, and Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham, otherwise Chastisham, Littleport, Stretham, Domiham, Coveney, Witchford, Witcham, Wil-burton, Haddenham, and Sutton, within the Isle of Ely,

for and on the Behalf of themselves, and the several other Proprietors or Owners of Commonable and Low or Fen Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 4° Martii;

Anno 34° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1794. Praters.

and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Com- A PETITION of James D'Arcy, of the City of itching Navi-

monalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are jl\. Winchester, Esquire, was presented to die House, gationPe-thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of Thetford, in and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in tition* the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles others, against the said Bill, were also read. the Second, intituled, "An Act for making divers

And One of the Counsel for the Petition of the " Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats,

" Barges, and other Vessels; " and that, by another Act, made in the Seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and

" render

Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and

34 Geo. III. 4° Martii.

273

" render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth " and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for making divers Rivers " navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, " and other Vessels," *o far as the same relates to the " River Itching, running from Alresford, through " Winchester, to the Sea near Southampton, and for " better regulating the said Navigation," it was enacted, that certain Commissioners should, from Time to Time, settle and ascertain reasonable Rates to be taken by the Proprietors, Occupiers, and Owners, of all Barges, Boats, and Vessels, for the Carriage, Ri-verage, and Wharfage, of all Corn, Wood, Salt, Iron, Timber, Coal, or any other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, which should be conveyed up or down the said River, or to any Place or Places upon the same, and the Right and Property in the said Navigation hath, by various Means, become vested in the Petitioner; and that, from various Causes, as well arising from the increased Value of the Articles used and employed in and for the Purposes of the said Navigation, as the great Increase of Expence attending the same, the said Navigation being in certain Places much subject to Floods, Winds, and Storms, the Works and Conveniencies of the said Navigation have of late fallen very much into Decay, and are now in want of Reparation; and that the Navigation of the said River is also much interrupted between a Place called Woodmill and a Place called Northam, and it would be of great Public Convenience, that such Interruption should be removed, by deepening the said River in certain Places, and making other necessary Works and Improvements in and upon the same; and that the Petitioner is willing, at his own Expence, to make such necessary Reparation, and to remove the Obstructions in the said Navigation, and also to make, build, and erect, such other Works and Conveniencies as shall be necessary, upon having the same Rates of Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage, as are now taken upon the said River and Wharfs belonging thereto, secured to him, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, Limitations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sloane, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Papers, Persons, and Records.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Land ffrtaui ^Ier" Owners, and others, of the Town of Manchester, Manchester w^03e Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented respecting to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-Sowerby titioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending

Bndpand for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from

tanaf Bill. Calder Navigation, at, or near, Sowerby Bridge

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal belonging to the Duke of Bridgewater, at, or near, Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and that a Petition having lately been presented to the House, signed by several Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, against certain Clauses inserted in the said Bill, authorizing the Duke of Bridge-water to- erect a Lock upon the said intended Canal, near the Junction with the said Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, and to collect thereat a Toll or Rate of Fourteen Pence per Ton for all Goods, or other Articles, passing through the same, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that the Junction of the Two Canals, Vot.49.

which will be made by Means of the said Lock, will be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Town and Trade of Manchester, by enabling the Owners of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, coming up from the Midland and Western Parts of the Kingdom, to land the same in the Upper and Central Parts of Manchester, and the Petitioners are so far from thinking the said Toll or Rate unjust or unreasonable, that they deem it a fair Compensation for the Loss of the Payments which the said Duke now receives at Manchester for Wharfage and Warehouse Room: And therefore soliciting the Attention of the House to the Clauses before-mentioned, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, on Behalf of such Clauses, and that the Bill containing the same, which they are convinced would be of great Public Utility, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, Samuel Crawley, Esquire, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road heretofore made between Markham Moor and Dunham Ferry, at or near the MillhiUClump in Ragnall Field, through the Parishes of Ragnall, Fledbrough, Marnham, Normanton, Grass-thorpe, and Sutton upon Trent, to join the Great North ' Road at Sutton aforesaid, in the County of Nottingham, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in the Winter Season, not passable without imminent Danger, and in several Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that, if the said Roads were amended and improved, to become passable at all Times of the Year, so as an uninterrupted Access to Markets and Fairs, and a safe and easy Passage for Cattle and Carriages, might be obtained, it would be a considerable Advantage to the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,. and Records.

A Petition of John Morgan, of the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of Two-thirds of the inclosed Lands, Fields, and Grounds, within the said Hamlet, entitled to Right of Common upon the Common or Waste Grounds, called Penge Common, and is also Owner of the Waste of the said Common, and it would be very much to the Advantage of the Petitioner and others to have the said Common divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Parcel of Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Langston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Warwick and 4 A Birmingham

Ragnall, Fledborough, &c. Roads Petition.

Penge Inclosure Petition.

Petition from Birmingham against the Warwick and Braunstoti Canal Bill.

274

4° Marta. A. 1794.

Birmingham Canal, at or near Warwick, to the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of Northampton and that such Canal will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and the several other Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of Birmingham, who very much depend upon a regular Supply of Coals at a moderate Price, as it will increase the Difficulties of procuring Coals, and be a Means of advancing the Price thereot, as Warwick, and the Countries through which such Canal is intended to pass, can only be supplied through the Medium of Birminghamand from those Collieries which now supply that Town; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Scheme of the said intended Navigation has been hastily adopted, and without due Consideration of the Difficulties, Expence, and Loss of Time, which will happen to Vessels in passing through the great Number of Locks, in or near Birmingham, out of the present Birmingham Canal, into the Warwick Canal, and from thence into the intended Canal to Braunston; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if proper Time was allowed, a better Line might be adopted for opening a Communication between Birmingham and Braunston, without affecting, in any Degree, the Town of Birmingham in regard to the Supply of Coals, and by avoiding the whole Number of Locks between Birmingham and Warwick: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may be injurious to the said Town of Birmingham, and nave such Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Porthywain Mr. Owen reported froip the Committee, to whom and Pool, &c. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Mer-Canal Peti- chants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, in the Coun-tion reported. tjeg Qf Salop, Denbigh, and Montgomery, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed- him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dadford, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, and also from the said intended Canal, at or near Porthywain, to or near Llanymynech Lime Rocks, in the said County of Salop, and from the said intended Canal, in the Township of Burgedin, to a certain Place, in the Township of Varchoel, at or near a Bridge called Sam y Crowner; and it likewise appears, that, in order to render the Navigation of the said Canal more commodious, it will be necessary to change the Course of some Part of the River Tannat, between Carreghofah Hall and Abertarmat Hall, in the said Counties of Denbigh and Salop. — And the Witness further said, That the making the said Canal, with such Cuts, and Rail or Waggon Ways from the same, as shall be found necessary to open Communications with several considerable Iron Works, Collieries, Limestone Quarries, Slate Quarries, and Free Stone Quarries, and several Tracts of Land abounding with Coal and other Articles, will be of great Benefit to Persons residing or having Estates within the said Counties, and of Public Utility.

Several Witnesses confirmed the above Evidence, so far as relates to the Utility of the intended Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanybl dxodl, in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the County of Montgomery; and also certain ^Collateral Cuts from the said Canal: And that Mr. Owen and Mr. Keene do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition to Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was pre- extend the sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Leeds and Li-by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Navigation His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a to Grimshaw Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the Park-County of York, to the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, the Petitioners were united into a Company, and authorized to make or complete a Cut or Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, or near Leeds Bridge, in the Town of Leeds, through the several Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets, in the said Act mentioned, to, or near, a Place called The North Lady's Walk, in the Town or Port of Liverpool aforesaid, and from thence to communicate with the River Mersey; and, to the End that the Petitioners might be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were thereby empowered to raise among themselves a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 200,000 in the Whole, unless the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Case the Petitioners were enabled to raise among themselves any further Sum, not exceeding £. 60,000; and that the Petitioners, in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal, and in purchasing and improving the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the said County of Lancaster, which, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal, the said Company of Proprietors have expended the Sum of £. 300,000 and upwards; and that tho Petitioners, by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were empowered to vary a certain Part of the said Canal, and, in order to finish and complete such Canal, to borrow, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of £ 200,000; and that, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, other Parts of the said Canal are completed, or are now in Execution; and that the Petitioners, after a careful Examination of that Part of the Line which remains yet unfinished, are well satisfied that making a Deviation therein, and carrying the same from Wanless Banks, in the Township of Barrowford, otherwise rowford Booth, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to communicate with the Douglas Navigation, at Wigan, in the same County, will be of much greater Advantage to the Public and the Petitioners than the present Parliamentary Line of the said Canal, and such Deviation is practicable; and that, for the aforesaid Purpose, a Bill is now depending in the House, which may happen not to pass into a Law, and, in Case such Bill should not pass into a Law, the Petitioners are desirous of deviating the said Canal, and of making and extending the same to or near a Place called Grimshaw Park, in Blackburn, in the said County of Lancaster, only, as such Deviation and Extension to Blackburn will be more advantageous to the Public and the Petitioners than the extending the said Canal from Wanless Banks aforesaid, along and by the Parliamentary Line, which Extension to Blackburn is practicable; and that the Act for making the said River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable, and the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, have been found defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the said Company to make a Deviation in the Line of the 1 said

34 Geo. III.

4° Mar.

m

said Canal, and to make and extend the same to shaw Park aforesaid, and also to amend the said last mentioned Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Harrogate, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three and Ripon several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-

TOmndtted n‘nt^ Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

commi . Qcorge the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed io Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Knaresbo- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are rough Forest thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or en-Petitionf* titled to certain Rights and Privileges within the District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Lands, Rights, and Privileges, in the said District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two Acts, of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, upwards of 20,000 Acres of Waste Land have been, by certain Commissioners thereby appointed, allotted to the Petitioners, and divers other Persons entitled thereto, within the aforesaid District, and great Parts thereof have been inclosed and improved at a great Expence, and, by the Provisions contained in the said Acts, or One of them, the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said District, were empowered, at any Time before the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, to exchange, in the Manner therein mentioned, all or any of their Allotments of the said Wastes, Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, so that the same were made with the Consent of the said Commissioners, and declared by their said Award; and that the said Commissioners, having made and executed their said General Award before it could be known what Exchanges the said Owners and Proprietors might be desirous of making, divers of the Petitioners and other Owners of Allotments, who were, and still are, desirous of making such Exchanges, have lost the Opportunity of so doing, and are unable to effect the same, unless the Power of making such Exchanges be renewed and enlarged; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Time limited for making Exchanges under the said Acts was renewed and extended, but, from various Causes, the Time so renewed and extended has elapsed, without several of the Owners of Lands, Rights, and Privileges, in the said District, having been able to effect the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners named in, or appointed by, the said Acts, for a limited Time, to confirm and establish such Exchanges as have been agreed upon, or shall be made, by and between any of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the said District, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Huddersfield The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Canal Bill Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a

Vol. 40.

committed.

Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 20th Day of February last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Narrow Woollen Clothiers, in the Clothiers West Riding of the County of York: And also, Petitions.

A Petition of the White Broad Woollen Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mixed Broad Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a very great and extensive Manufactory of Woollen Cloths, of fine as well as inferior Quality, has for many Years been carried on in the West Riding of the County of York, whereby Thousands of Men, Women, and Children, have been kept in Employment, and maintained with Decency and Comfort; and that, compared with the Woollen Manufactories in other Parts of England, this in the said West Riding will be found to have had a decided Advantage as to Constancy of Success, and the consequent Certainty of Employment afforded to the numerous Hands employed in it, which superior Advantages arise principally, if not wholly, from the Difference of the System of carrying on the Manufactory in Yorkshire, and the Mode in which it has hitherto been conducted in other Places: That this System, which so fortunately for the Trade in general, the Individuals concerned in it, and the Public at large, has so happily long prevailed in Yorkshire, is now in Danger of being broken in upon, and destroyed, by the Introduction of the Modes which have prevailed in other Parts of the Kingdom, where the Inconveniences and Mischiefs resulting from it have been frequently and most severely felt, which Modes are founded on a Monopoly erected and supported by great Capitals, and set on Foot by that Description of Persons concerned in the Woollen Trade in Yorkshire, called Cloth Merchants, becoming Cloth Makers; and, of late, several such Merchants in and near the Towns of Leeds and Halifax, in the said Riding, have commenced Clothiers, or Cloth Makers, and others' have manifested , a Disposition to follow their Ex-, ample by establishing large Factories for making Woollen Cloth; and that the Consequence of this Procedure must, as the Petitioners believe, be highly prejudicial to them, who, writh a very trifling Capital, aided by the unremitting Labour of themselves, their Wives, and Children, united under one Roof, decently and independently have maintained themselves

and

276

4° Martii.

A. 1794.

and Families, and kept the Home Trade and Foreign Markets constantly and equally supplied, without an Idea, or perhaps a Possibility, of Monopoly, or any Advantage to themselves, inconsistent with good Faith and fair Dealing, or beyond a necessary and equitable Profit on their Labour, and that, from this comfortable and independent Situation, should such Innovation prevail, the Petitioners must separate from their Families, and be reduced to a State of Servitude, to gain Bread for themselves and dearest Relatives: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing such Monopolies and Factories, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the Nature of their Case may be found to merit and require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Berrypome- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, roy and Ash-Tradesmen, and others of the Town and Borough of burton Canal Ashburton, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Petition. Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Cut or Canal for the Navigation of Boats may be conveniently ma.de from the Navigable Part of the River Dart, in the Parish of to or near

the said Town of Ashburton, all in the said County of Devon; and that the making such Canal or Cut, with proper raised $nd other Roads to communicate therewith, will be attended with great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, as well as all other Persons, Owners of Estates, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, not only of the said Town of Ashburton, but also all such as are, or may be, situated upon or within a convenient Distance of the Line of the said intended Canal, and the same will afford a cheap and expeditious Mode of Conveyance for Corn, Cyder, Lime,- Serges, Coals, Timber, Culm, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the several Places, the Situation of which may enable them to have Recourse to the said Canal: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Cut, Canal, raised and other Roads and Ways, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Dent, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Murray, Mr.

Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's.

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Birmingham to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of and Stone Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Bndge Hoed Reign of his late Majesty' King George the Second, 1 repo and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Warwick and Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Braunston Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in die County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by W ay of Ryder, to prevent Reservoirs being made in the Lands of Mr. Knightley and Mrs.

Leigh.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal' out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Weymouth and Mel-

Water Petition.

A Petidon of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself and others, was presented to the House, and read; combe Regis Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the Borough

Wofor Pofi_ O 7 O

and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, labour under great Inconvenience for Want of Fresh Water; and that the Petitioners are in Possession of a Stream of pure, wholesome, and good Water, which they are ready and willing, at their own Expence, to convey to the said Borough and Town, which will be of great Public Utility: And therefore preying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to effect the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to wrhom the Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Earl of Stanford, the Right honourable 'Robert Earl

Ferrers,

Solihull, Kenilworth, and Balsall Roads Bill passed.

Marston Bridge, Ashby de la Zouch, and Ticknall, &c. Canal Petition reported.

Petition for additional Provision in Bridgewater Bridge Bill.

34 Geo. III. 4° Martii.

277

Ferrers, the Right honourable Francis Rawdon Hastings Earl of Moira, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Wentworth, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the several Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Derby, or concerned, or otherwise interested, in Lands, Mines, Trades, and Manufactures, there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop being examined, said, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, ana other Vessels, may be made from the Coventry Canal, at, or near, Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to, or nearly to, the Town of la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from the said Town to, or near, the Lime Works at Ttcknall, in the County of Derby, the Lead- Mines, Lime Works, and Coal Mines at Staunton Harold, Lime Works at in the

Parish of Breedon, and Coal Mines at in the County of Leicester, and also a Cut or Branch from the said Canal, at, or near, Bo in the said County of Leicester, to, or near, the Coal Mines at and Church Gresley, in the County of Derby, whereby the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Townships through which the said Canal is intended to pass, will be supplied with Coals, Lime, and Merchandize at much lower Rates than at present, and by the Communication which will be thereby opened with the Coventry, Oxford, Grand Junction, and other Canals, great Advantages will not only arise to the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Warwick, and the Cities of Coventry and Oxford, but also to the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Gloucester, and other Counties, and will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have applied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for re-building the Bridge and repairing the Quays at Bridgewater aforesaid; and that it would be of Advantage to the Trade carried on at the Port of Bridge-water, if Powers were given to regulate the Moorings and Stations of Ships' and Vessels resorting to, and remaining in, the said Port: And therefore praying, That Provisions for the above-mentioned Purpose may be made in the Bill for re-building the said Bridge and repairing the said Quays, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough Vox.. 49.

of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, under their Common Seal, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of John Thuillier, of the City of Exeter, Thuilliw's Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Nat.Petition. Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Langston, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the Gosport County of Southampton, Merchant, was presented to Bridge Peti-the House, and read; Setting forth, That great In- t,on' convenience having been experienced by the Public in general, and more particularly by the Officers and others belonging to His Majesty's Hospital at Haslar, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, for want of a Bridge over a certain Salt Water Lake, or Creek, branching from the Harbour of Portsmouth, to the Village of Alverstoke, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, situate between the Town of Gosport, in the said County, and His Majesty's said Hospital, and the Petitioner having stated this Matter to the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to whom, in order to remedy the Inconvenience, the Petitioner made a Proposal to build a Bridge over the said Lake, and to permit the Officers, Servants, and others, belonging to the said Hospital, to pass over the same, on being paid the like Salary that was allowed to the Ferryman employed for that Purpose, to which the said Commissioners afterwards readily assented, and, in consequence whereof the Petitioner began to erect, and hath now completed, a good substantial Brick Bridge, sufficient for the Passage of Carriages as well as Foot Passengers over the said Lake; and that the said Bridge is, and will be, of great Public Benefit and Convenience, particularly to those belonging to the said Hospital, as heretofore the only Mode of Conveyance for Foot Passengers over the said Lake, to and from Haslar Hospital and the Parts adjacent, has been in Boats, which are frequently prevented passing the said Lake, sometimes from the Lowness of the Water, and at other Times from bad Weather, and Carriages being at all Times, previous to making the said Bridge, under a Necessity to go round from Gosport through the Village of Alverstoke, in order to get to the Hospital, which is a Distance of near Three Miles; and that the building and finishing of the said Bridge hath been attended with a very considerable Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for maintaining the Bridge by him erected across the said Lake, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, from Gosport to the opposite Shore towards Haslar Hospital, in the said Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, and for enabling the Petitioner to take certain Tolls for passing over the said Bridge, and other Purposes in such Bill to be mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dent, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bcrgne'sNat. Act for naturalizing John Bergne, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho-4 B bart

Tolkien's Nat Bill committed.

Petition'to amend the Oxford Canal Navigation Acts reported.

Mr. Bosquet's

Petition.

S7B 4° Martii. A. 1794.

hart,. Mr. Dent,&e.: And tb<y stre to meet this Afternoon, »t Five of the Qock, in the Speaker's Chamr ber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the 6ame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, were read: And,

Richard Bignell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Acts are in many Respects found defective, and that it would tend to the Benefit of the said Company, and be of Advantage to the Public, if some Amendments and Alterations were made in the said Acts.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And that Sir William Dolben and the Lord Parker do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Abraham Bosquet, Esquire, late One of His Majesty's Commissaries of Musters, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having, by much Assiduity and Observation, and a Series of Experiments, discovered certain infallible Means of saving Vessels at Sea in Danger of foundering, preserving their Cargoes, and alleviating the Labours of the Pump by Means the most simple and obvious, always practicable, and in the Power of every Ship's Company to effect, and unattended with Expence to the Nation or the Individual, in the Month of May, presented a Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, inclosing the necessary Measures, Regulations, and Plan, at the same Time proposing to their Lordships to prove, by actual Experiment, their Practicability and Extent; and that the Petitioner, on the 26th of May, received a Letter from Mr. Stephens, lay Command of their Lordships, acquainting the Petitioner that they had sent his Memorial to the Navy Board for their Consideration and Report thereon, and desiring the Petitioner to attend that Board on the* Subject, but that the Lords Commissioners had npt a Power of granting a Vessel whereon to make the Experiments without the Consent or Concurrence of Parliament thereto; and that, on the 3d of June, the Petitioner received a Letter from the Navy Board, signifying their Desire to see him at the Board on the following Tuesday, and the Petitioner attended, accordingly, and had the Happiness to hod, after a full Investigation of the Principles, that his Measures appeared to meet the entire Approbation of that Board, and SO satisfied did they seem to ho of 2

the Obviousness and Practicability of the Object, that actual Experiment, to evince the Effect, appeared to them on no other Account necessary than to satisfy the less experienced and scientific Pant of Seafaring Men, who might not otherwise credit or adopt Measures so novel, and, at first View so extraordinary; and that, on the 16th of June, the Petitioner received a Letter from Mr. Stephens, by Command of the Lords Commissioners, inclosing a Copy of the Report, which states, " That the Honourable the Navy Board liad " considered the Petitioner's Plan for relieving Ships " at Sea in Danger of foundering, preserving their " Cargoes, and alleviating the Labours of the Pump, " and conversed with him on the Subject, and that " there appeared to them to be good and satisfactory " Reasoning in his Proposals, &c. nor is there a single Point, which the Petitioner adduced, controverted or opposed, all being founded on the most unerring Principles, which the Petitioner will explain and substantiate to the Satisfaction of a Committee of this House, if required so to do: And therefore praying the House to take his Plan into Consideration, and, if he may so merit, grant him a Liberty or Licence to use or employ a Vessel in Tfade, of 200 or 300 Tons Burthen, Duty-free, for Fourteen Years, which Vessel shall have a perpetual Breach or Leak in her Bottom, which no Pump can relieve, and, though even destitute of Pump, yet the Cargo shall not be injured, and the Petitioner will consider such Grant a sufficient Compensation, and would thereby be enabled to evince to the Maritime World, at his own Risque, the Practicability and Importance of this extensive Object, without any Expence to, or further Claim on the House for such Discovery, justly considered to be of greater Magnitude and Import to Mercantile and Maritime Men than any Thing that has appeared at one View in the present, or perhaps any former, Century, or that the House will make him such other Retribution or Recompence as an Object so extensive and salutary may appear to merit.

Ordered, That the said Petitition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hamvell Heath, through the Parishes

of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits: And the same was received; ana read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for vesting in the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de an Alien,

and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of David Steel, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, was presented to the House, and road; Setting forth, That The Royalty Theatre, situate in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of Eondon, was built m tifo Years 1785 and 1786 by Mr.

John

Tyburn and Uxbridge,&c. Roads Bill presented.

Messrs. Freeman and Grace's Assignees Bill committed.

Petition to license the Royalty Theatre.

4® Martii.

34 Geo. III.

279

John Palmer, Comedian, at an Expence of upwards of £. 18,oooo, and His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty have, from Year to Year, granted their Licence to the said Theatre for Public Music, " Dancing, and other Public Entertainments of the " like Kind," pursuant to Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioner is the Proprietor of the said Theatre, having purchased the same in the Year 1789, and, since the said Theatre has been his Property, opened it for Public Entertainment, with such Amusements as are authorized by the said Licence, but, finding that he thereby incurred very considerable Losses, he caused the same to be closed; and Representing to the House, that, when he adds together the various Sums which have been expended by him in this Undertaking, he cannot state the Total of his Loss at less than 10,000, to reimburse which he finds himself possessed of a yet expensive Property, the most unsaleable in its Species, an unsuccessful and unemployed Theatre; That, towards its original Establishment, Mr. John Palmer raised about £. 7,000 by the Sale of Renters Shares, each Holder of which is entitled to a free Admission to all Performances at the said Theatre, and also to a certain Annuity therefrom for Twenty-one Years from the Year 1787; and the Petitioner believes that, if the Performance of the Drama were permitted at the said Theatre during the Summer Season, the Produce of such Entertainment would enable him to continue the said Theatre open regularly every Year, and while thereby the Interests of the said Renters would be substantiated, and the Losses of the Petitioner in a great Degree repaired, he likewise apprehends that an extensive Public Benefit would be the certain Result of establishing a Place for rational Entertainment in the Eastern Extremity of the Metropolis: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license as a Play House, during the Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known by the Name of The Royally Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London.

Ordered, That the said Petition be. referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

favourof* A Petition of the Renters of the Royalty Theatre licensing The w^ose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also, Royalty A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of London,

Theatre. its Eastern Suburb, and the Districts and Villages to the Eastward thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license as a Play House, during the Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Wolver-

___ The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to

and whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Ivetsey Bank are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and RoadPeiitiw others, Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes of Wolverhampton, Tetten-hall, CodsaU, Brewood, and Blimhill, in the said County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Houses relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; Vol. 49.

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; tit*.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mi*.

Francis Holyoak, Junior, being examined, said, That he knows the Road described in the Petition, which is very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said County: And that the Earl and Mr.

Anson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to Petition to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of extend the the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeky Canal Navigations, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the FazeleyCanal House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied Navigations with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat- reported' ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Bull, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That by Levels and Surveys lately taken* it appears that the said Navigations may be extended and greatly improved by making a Branch therefrom, at a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again, at or near a Place called in the

Parish of Sedgley; and also that another Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the Termination of One of the Branches near Broadwater, to or near the Town of Walsall, all in the County of Stafford, with Three Collateral Cuts or Branches leading out of the same, as described in the Petition. — And the Witness further said, That the making the said Extensions and Navigable Cuts* with proper Railways and other Works and Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication with vety extensive ana valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, which lie upon or near the Lines of such intended Extensions and Navigable Cuts, and will be the Means of supplying the Towns of Birmingham and Walsall, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, with an additional Supply of Coals.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeky Canal Navigations, from the Termination of One of the Branches of the said Navigations near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, to, or near, the Town of Walsall, in the Said County, with certain Collateral Cuts out of the same; and for improving the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeky Canal Navigations, by making a Navigable Cut from, and out of, the same, at a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again with the said Navigations at a Place caHad Deepfield, both in the said County; and for making proper Roads and Railways to communicate with the said several Navigations: And that the Earl Gower and Mr, Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Birchill and further Consideration the Report which was made from buT* the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and deferred.

maintaining

280 4° Martii. 1794.

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Wyrley and Essington Canal at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal, at or near in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Bank of An ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and

Scotland Bill Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase P8386*1' the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 11. To leave out " any General Court " of," and insert " the Court of " Ordinary," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Montgomery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'Northaller- A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two ton, Think, Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Bill com*8 Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Ma-mitted.majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton, to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Skelton In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Corn-

closure Bill moii Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste commit . Groun(j8j within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rawreth and Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to

Chelmsford Order,' a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Road Bill a piace called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, presen . over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Additional A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Dean°Forest t^ereunt0 subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Roads. Lands in the Tything and in the Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of Aure, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Piece of Road, extending in Length One Mile and an Half, and leading from a Place, called The Bottom of the Vineyhill, within His Majesty's Forest of Dean, through the Tythings of Etloe, wad die Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of Aure aforesaid, to certain Places, called Gatcombe and Pyrton, in the said Parish of Aure, and adjoining the River Severn, is very much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and cannot be pro-

perly amended by the Laws now in being; and that His Majesty's Naval Timber, felled in the said Forest, is brought from thence to the said Places, called Gatcombe and Pyrton, and there shipped to be conveyed to His Majesty's Dock Yards, which Places are the most convenient and only known Places where such Timber is shipped for His Majesty's Dock Yards, and the said Piece of Road is the only Road over which such Naval Timber is hawled, or can be hawled, from the said Forest to Gatcombe and Pyrton, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, about Forty Years ago, the said Piece of Road was impassable, but, being found convenient for the Conveyance of Naval Timber, the same was then repaired, and hath ever since been repaired, at the Expence of the Crown; and that a Petition hath lately been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending, widening and keeping in Repair,' certain Roads within the said Forest of Dean, One of which Roads is in the said Petition described as leading from the said Place, called The Bottom of the Vineyhill, within the said Forest, to a Place, called Coal Way Lane End, near the Town of Colford, which is a Continuation of the Road above-mentioned from the said Places, called Gatcombe and Pyrton, adjoining the River Severn, into the said Forest, over which such Navy Timber is conveyed as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That, in such Bill to be brought in for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in His Majesty's Forest of Dean, a Clause or Clauses, may be inserted to repair, widen, and keep in Repair, the said Piece of Road above described as leading from The Bottom of the Vineyhill, within His Majesty's said Forest of Dean, through the Tything of Etloe, and the Dutchy of Etloe, in the said Parish of Aure, to the said Places, called Gatcombe and Pyrton, in the same Parish, to which Places His Majesty's Naval Timber is carried from His said Majesty's Forest to the River Severn, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to-whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants near His Majesty's Forest oi Dean, in the County of Gloucester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the Borough of Warwick Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Woolcombers. ting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for FatItion-combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour in an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House wifi apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session of -Parliament, from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, are referred.

Mr. Robert Anstruther reported from the Com- Queeiwferiy mittee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto ^oads Peti‘ subscribing. Trustees for making and repairing the Uoa report Turnpike Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed

34 Geo. 111. 4° Ma281

rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as. followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the North through the

Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth, and also the Road from the said Queensferry, to the Town of Dunfermline, Torryhum, and Culross, and also the Road from the said Queensferry, through Inverkeithing to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldy', and also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual the said former Act,- were read: And,

Mr. John Sewell being examined, said, That by virtue of the said Acts, the said Road has been made, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, nor the Money so owing be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged. — And being further examined, he said. That it will be of great Public Benefit to make several Improvements of the said Road, and the Communication thereby.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queens-feny, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and to pass by, or near by, the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross: And that Mr. Robert Anstruther, Mr. Graham, and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and brings in, the same.

Newbury and Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom

Bath Canal the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tra-

Doned°n fe" ders, Freeholders, and others, residing in the Cities of Bath and Bristol, and in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except, that in the Notices published in The Bath Herald, of the 14th of September, and The Salisbury and Winchester Journal, and Reading Mercury, of the 16th of September, one of the Parishes through which the Line of the Canal goes, viz. the Parish of Pattern, was, by Mistake, omitted to be inserted, and in the same Papers, published on the 21st and 23d of September, the Parish of Saint John, Devizes, was, by the same Mistake, omitted, and in the Two First Notices given in T London Gazette, previous to the 28th of September, the said Parish of Saint John, Devizes, was, by the same Mistake, omitted, but that Notices, containing the Whole -of the Parishes through which the Line of the Canal is proposed to go, were given in The London Gazette of the 28th of September,

and of the 1st and 5th of October, in The Bath Herald of the 28th of September, and the 5th and 12th of October, and in The Salisbury and Reading Papers of the 30th of September, and the 7th and 14th of October; and that complete Notices were also affixed on the Church Doors of Saint John, Devizes, and Pottem, on the Three Sundays immediately following the 29th of September, and also upon the Door of the Town Hall at Devizes on the 6th, 13th, and 20th of October); and that the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie being examined, said, That by Levels and Surveys lately made, it appears practicable to make a Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Kennet, at or near Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and a Navigable Branch or Cut from or out of the said Canal, in the Parish of Rowd, near Devizes, to or near the Town of Caine, and also a Navigable Cut out of the said last mentioned Cut to, or near, the Town of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts.

That the making and maintaining such Canal and Cuts will greatly facilitate the Conveyance of Com, Coals,

Stone, Iron, Timber, Lime, Chalk, Manure, and all Kinds of Merchandize and heavy Commodities, not only to and from the said City of Bath, and the Towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, Devizes, Caine, Chippenham, Hungerford, and other adjacent Towns and Places, but also to and from the Ports of London and Bristol, and such Canal and Cuts will therefore be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near, the City of Jand also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And that Mr. Goddard, the Lord Sheffield, the Marquis of Worcester, and the Earl of Wycombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, Answer u That their Address ox the 24th day of February last Address, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Copy of the Tariff, by which the Pay of the Troops of the Electorate of Hanover, now in the Pay of Great Britain, is regulated, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant Copy of the to their Address to His Majesty, Tariff by

Copy of a Translation of the Tariff by which the Pay p^of'th# of the Troops of the Electorate of Hanover, now in the Hanoverian Pay of Great Britain, is regulated. Troops is

And the Title of the said Paper was read, regulated,

The said Paper is as followeth; viz. presented.

Vol. 49.

4C

COPY

282

48 Martii.

A. 1T94.

Pay of

Hanoverian

Troops.

COPY of a TRANSLATION of the TARIFF, by which the Pay of the Troops of the Electorate

of Hanover, now in the Pay of Great Britain, is regulated.

GENERAL STAFF:

Aides de Camp to His Royal Highness the Duke of York:

i Lieutenant Colonel ——

1 Major of Engineers -

2 Captains, at 400 Ft. each ——

Dutch CurreflCT, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

FI. St.dt. 531 5 — 501 5 — 800 ——

Officers attending His Royal Highness Prince Ernest:

1 Captain -

1 Lieutenant, with Aid de Camp's Pay

400 ——

161 12 —

Officers attending His Royal Highness Prince Adolphus:

1 Captain ..

1 Lieutenant, with Aid de Camp's Pay

400 ——

161 12 —

Staff attached to the whole Corps:

1 Field Marshall ——

1 Lieutenant General of Cavalry ——

1 Ditto of Infantry - -- 1,415 13 if

With the additional Pay. as Colonel and Captain, his Regiment not being with the Army ----- - 657 12 if

2 Major Generals of Cavalry, at 706 FI. 12 2 dt. each -

4 ----- - Infantry, - 706 12 2 each -

1 ----- - Artillery -

1 Adjutant General, as Colonel of Cavalry ——

1 First Aid de Camp, as Lieu* Colonel of Cavalry ——

2 Aid de Camp to the Field Marshall, at 400 each ——

2 Ditto to the Lieu* General of Cavalry, at 161 Ft. 12 each - -2 Ditto to the Lieu* General of Infantry - -

7 Ditto to the Major Generals of Cavalry, Infantry, and Artillery - -

2 Majors of Brigade, at 501 Ft. 5 St. each ——

2 Adjutants of Brigade, at 140 Ft, ——

1 Adjutant to the Adjutant General -

1 Quarter Master General, as Lieu* Colonel of Cavalry -

1 Second Lieutenant, his Aide ——

1 Captain of Engineers ——

1 Lieutenant Dtw ——

4 Ensigns - D,#, at 140 Ft. each -

1 Judge Advocate General, and Clerk ——

His Assistant, Staff Pay, in Addition to his Pay as Judge Advocate to a Regiment -1 Staff Secretary, and Clerk -

Expences to a Waggon, with Tour Horses, and Driver, for conveyance of Official Papers belonging to the Office of the Judge Advocate and Secretary -1 Chaplain General, and Clerk -

1 Physician General -

1 Staff Surgeon ——

1 Waggon Master General ——

l Staff Quarter Master ——

6 Guides, at 50 FI. each ——

2,560 10 — 1,415 13 i*

2,073 5 3 1,413 4 4 2,826 9 — 706 12 2

- 793 15 — 531 5 ~

Boo ——

323 4 — 323 4 — 1,13* 4 —

1,002 10 — 280 -

140 ----- ~

53* 5 —

140 ——

400 ——

150 ——

560 ——

720 12 6 27 3 6 343 8 —

47 19 5

170 ——

283 4 —

100 ——

179 3 3 f

150 ——

300 ——

Eighteen Pioneers:

1 Serjeant -

1 Corporal ..... .....-

1 Drummer and 15 Privates, at 20 Ft. each -

To keeping the different Utensils in Repair -

To a Waggon, with Four Horses, for Carriage of Tents and Utensils - ....

43 -

33 ——

320 ——

5 12 4 47 19 5

449 12 1

Two

34 Oe;6i III

4° Martii.

£83

Two Portable Bridges:

To Two Waggons, One with Six, and One with Four Horses, and Drivers, for Conveyance of the Bridges and Implements -l Train Corporal ——

200 5 2 45 ——

Pay of

Dutch Currency, the Hanoverian Ducat at 105 Stuver, Troop*.

Ft. St. dt. 245 5 *

Field Post Office:

1 Field Postmaster ----- --- - 150 ——

4 Postilions, at 30 FI. each ----- -- 120 ——

1 Letter Carrier - - - 15 ——

To replacing the Horses, Repair of Harness, and Clothing of the Postillions - 64 14 2

To a Waggon, with Four Horses, conveying the Papers, Accounts, &c. &c. - - 47 195

To One Bread Waggon, with Four Horses, for the Use of the General Staff

Total of the General Staff -

397 13 7 47 19 5

24,528 17 6

MILITARY CHEST:

1 Cashier ——

1 Clerk -

One Waggon, and Four Horses, for Conveyance of Money, Accounts, &c. &c.

Total -

200 ——

120 ——

47 19 5

367 *9 5

HOSPITAL:

The First Physician - - - .

1 Assistant Physician

1 First Surgeon - -

1 Steward of the Hospital . -1 Chaplain - .

1 Second Surgeon -

7 Surgeons, at 65 FI.each -6 Mates, at 34 FI.each -3 Clerks, at 100 Ft. each 1 Apothecary -

3 Assistants, at 64 FI. each -

1 Officer for Military Command

2 Serjeants, at 35 FI. \oSt. each

6 Corporals, at 27 FI. each -

1 Cook -

60 Nurses to attend the Sick, at 14 Ft. 10 St. each

430 ——

170 ——

318 --

210 ——

175 ——

100 ——

455 -

204 ——

300 ——

100 ——

192 ——

ISO — —

71 ——

162 ——

22 10 — 870 ——

Train of the Hospital:

a Train Corporals, at 45 Ft. each - - - - 90 ——

14 Batmen, at 1 6 FI.18 5/. 4 dt. each, their Clothing included - 236 19 —

Total of the Hospital

Vo 1.49.

326 19 — 4,256 9 —

CAVALRY:

284

4° Martii.

A. 1794:

ay of

Hanoverian

Troops.

CAVALRY:

Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

Regiment of Horse Guards: STAFF:

1 Colonel inclusive as Captain

1 Lieutenant Colonel Ditto ' ----- 1 Major Ditto - -

1 Regimental Quarter Master -

1 Adjutant ——

2 Surgeons, at 46 Fl. each -

1 Staff Trumpeter ——

2 Squadron Trumpeters, at 35 Ft. each -

Staff in common with the Second' Regiment:

1 Regimental Riding Master ----- -- 140 — —

1 Chaplain - - - - 100----

1 Judge Advocate - - - 90----

1 Surgeon Major - - 75 16 —

1 Horse Doctor - - 40 -

l Waggon Master ----- --- - 23 16 —

1 Saddler - -- - 30 -

1 Provost - - - - 14----

1 Driver to Farrier's Cart - - - - -. 16184

Total of the Staff

FI. St. dt.

793 *5 — 531 5 — 501 5 —

150 — —

140 ——

92 ——

35 ——

70 ——

2,3>3 5 —

530 10 4 2,843 15 4

One Squadron:

2 Captains, at 400 FI.each ----- -- 800 —

2 First Lieutenants, at 150 Ft.- - - - - 300 ——

4 Second Lieutenants, at 140 FI. ----- - 360 ——

4 Serjeant Majors, at 60 FI. - 240 ——

2 Quarter Master Serjeants, at 60- - - - 120 ——

2 Company Riding Masters, at 50- - - - 100 — -___

8 Corporals, at 50 Ft. - - 400 ——

1 Farrier - - 27 10 ___

2 Trumpeters, at 35 FI.each - - - 70 ——

123 Privates, at 27 FI. 10. each - - - 3,382 10 ___

Keep and Repairs of Two Bread Waggons, with Four Horses and a Driver to each, at 47 FI. 19 St.5 dt.- - - - 95 19 2

Ditto of Three Bat Horses, and Two Batmen, for Conveyance of Tents - 50 131

Second Squadron -

Total of the Reg* of Horse Guards

6,146 12 3 6,146 12 3

»5>i37 — 2

Second Regiment of Cavalry like the above, exclusive of 530 8 4

being the Amount of the Staff, which this Regiment has in common with the Horse Guards - -

First and Fourth Regiment of Cavalry, equal to the Two former

Fifth and Seventh Regiment Ditto ----- -_

Ninth and Tenth Regiment Light Dragoons - - - - 20,743 12 _

With the Addition of.

1 Armourer ----- ---- - 30____

And a higher Pay for 48 Lance Pessates, at 1 8 St. 5 68 15 7

Total of the Regiments of Cavalry

14,606 it 6

29.743 12 —

29.743 12 —

29.743 12 —

29,842 7 7 H9,073 3 7

INFANTRY:

4° Ma

2 85

34 Geo. III.

INFANTRY:

Regiment of Foot Guards. STAFF:

1 Colonel -

1 Lieutenant Colonel -

2 Majors^ at 143 Fl 11 7 each

1 Regimental Quarter Master

2 Adjutants, at 81 Fl. 3 St. 34 dt.

1 Chaplain ----- 1 Judge Advocate -

1 Surgeon Major -

1 Drum Major - -

8 Musicians, at 22 Fl. each

1 Armourer - -

2 Prbvosts, at 13 Fl. 2 each t Waggon Master -

One Company.

Captain -Lieutenant -

Ensigns, at 78 Fl. 11. 5^ each Serjeant Major -

Serjeants, at 28 Fl.

Non-commissioned Officers, at 22 Fl. each Corporals, at 20 Fl. each -Surgeon Mate -

Drummers, at 15 77. 2 St.each 14 Lance Pessates, at 15 Ft.2 St. each 124 Privates at 13 Fl.2 St. - -

On Account of Four Bat Horses, and Three Grooms, for Carriage of Tents:

Wages for the Three Grooms, at 14 FL - 42 -

To Horses, Tackle, and Clothing of Grooms,

269 Fl. 14 St.6 dt. per in 42 Days 31' — 6

1

1

2

1

2

2

5

1

3

179 3 3i

88 11 5*

157 3 34-33 ——

56 ——

44 ——

100 ——

30 ——

45 6 —

' 211 8 —

1,624 8 —

To a Bread Waggon, with Four Horses, and a Driver

1 Total of One Company - -

And Seven Companies more at the same Rate

Additional Pay for the First Cap. Lieutenant-Ditto for the Surgeon of the Battalion - - .

> l.' - - .

REGIMENTAL ARTILLERY;

73 - 6

47 19 5

- 2,690 — 7*

- 18,830 6 64.

1 Lieutenant -

2 Serjeants, incl. additional Pay, at 29. 16., 7.

4 Corporals - - - - 21. 8. 4.

32 Privates - 1,5. 2. —

TRAIN:

2 Corporals, at 45 Fl. each -14 Batmen, at 16 Fl. 18. 4. Clothing included

88 11 5*

59 »3 6 85 14 — 483 4 —

9o-236 19

Total of the Regiment of Foot Guards

Fourth Regiment of Infantiy, as above. Fifth ----- -- Ditto

Sixth ----- -- Ditto

Tenth - ----- - - Ditto

Eleventh ----- - Ditto

Vol. 49.

Total of Six Regiments of Infantry

4D

Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

Fl. St. dt.

478 8 6

173 11 7

287 3 6

100 11 5*

162 6 7

110 11 5i

100 11 5*

96 *9 34:

24 — — —

176 — —

30 — —

26 4

23 16 —

1,790 5 6*

21,520 7 6

30 11 si-ii 12 —

1,044 2 3i

24.396 »9 6*

24.396 19 64.

24.396 19 6i

24.396 19 6*

24.396 19 6*

24.396 19 6*

146,381 18 54-

Brigade

Pay of

Hanoverian

Troopi.

Pay of

Hanoverian

Troops.

4° Mar

Brigade of Grenadiers, of Three Battalions.

First Battalion. STAFF:

l Major, with Pay of Major of Cavalry, inch as Captain 1 Adjutant, as Lieutenant of Cavalry - -

i Staff Fourier, as Serjeant Major of Cavalry l Provost, as id the Foot Guards - -

Staff in common with Two ether Battalions.

4 Regimental Quarter Master - -

4 Chaplain - - '

l Judge Advocate ——

4 Surgeon Major ——

l Surgeon of the Battalion ——

j Armourer -

To a Medicibe Cart, with Two Horses, and One Groom -

100 11 5i

110 11 5*

100 11 5*

96 19 3*

41 12 —

30 — —

30 8 5

Total of the Staff -

One Company.

1 Captain - -

2 Lieutenants, at 88. 14. 5-J. each -

2 Ensigns, - 1 at 78. 11. 5£. each ——

1 Serjeant Major ——

2 Serjeants, at 28 Fl.each ——

2 Non-commissioned Officers, at 22 each -

6 Corporals, at 20 Fl. each - -

1 Surgeon Mate -

2 Fifers, - - - at 15. 2. each -

3 Drummers, - at 15. 2 each ——

16 Lance Pesssltes, at 15. 2. each - -

138 Privates - - at 13. 2. each ——

To Four Bat Hotses, and Three Drivers, for conveying of Tents and'Blanljets, as in the Foot Guards -To a Bread Waggon, with Four Horses, and a Driver

179 3 177 3 3*

157 3 34-

120 ——

30 -

30 4 -45 6 — 241 12 — 1,807 16 —

73 — 6

47 19 5

Total of One Company Three Companies more

- 8,042 8 5*

- 9,127 6 ir

ARTILLERY OF* THE BRIGADE:

1 Lieutenant

3 First Fireworker, at 60 Fl. each -

6 Corporals, at 21 Fl.8 St.4 dt.each - -

48 Privates at 15 Fl. 2 dt. each - -

88 11 5L

180 ——

128 11 — 724 16 —

TRAIN:

3 Corporals, at 45 Fl. each - , - -

hifBatmen; at 16FL ibSt. 4 Clothing included

135 ——

355 8 4

To the Fifth Bread Waggon, the Battalion being too strong for.Foor -

Total of the First Battalion -

A. 1794

Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

Fl.St. dt.

501 5

150 ---- r*

60 —

13 ~~ 724 7 —

510 15 H 1,234 28 H

12,169 14 6

1,612 7 i.|.

47 19 5

15,065 3 6i Second

34 Geo. III.

4° Martii.

287

Second Battalion. STAFF:

Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

Ft. St. dt.

1 Major, with Pay of Major in the Infantry inclusive as Captain - 322 15 2 4

i Adjqt&nt, with ray of Infantry - - - 81 3 34

1 Staff- Fourier - - 60 ——

1 Proyqst - . - - - - 132 —

_ 477 — 6

4 Compagmers, each at 3,042 Ft- 8 St. 5 4 dt. as in the First

Battalion - -12,169 14 6

To the Fifth Bread Waggop - - - - 47 19 5

Third Battalion, at the same Rate - -

Total of Three Battalions of Grenadiers

12.694 15 1

12.694 > 5 1

\ 40,454 14 — 4-

Regiment of Artillery, inclusive the Mounted Artillery.

STAFF:

1 Colonel, as ,in the Infantry - - - ? -

2 Majors, at ,143 Ft. 11 St.7 dt. each - - '

2 Adjutants, at Si Ft. 3 Sf. 3idt. each - - -1 Regimental Quarter Master - -

1 Chaplain ——

1 Judge Advocate - -

1 Secretary -

1 Surgeon Msyor ——

4 Surgeon Mqtes, at 30 Ft. each - -

1 Clerk of the Ordnance - - .

4 Storekeepers, at 50 Ft. each -

4 Assistants, pt 21 Ft. 5 St. eaeh - -

1 Drum Major -

1 Armourer ——

2 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each

1 Cooper Master ——

1 Journeyman - -

1 Provost . ——

To a Medicine Cart-for the (Mounted Artillery, with Two Horses, and a Driver

Total of the Staff -

478 8 6 287 3 6 162 6 7 100 11 54 110 11 5i 100 11 54

100 11 54

9i 3 3i

120 ——

60 ——

200 ——

85 ——

24 ——

42 ——

56 ——

42 ——

28 ——

12 ——

30 8 5

2,130 18 2 -J-

Seven Companies.

7 Captains, at 179 Ft. 3 3 4 dt. each

6 Lieutenants, at 88 FI. 11 54 each 15 Ensigns, at 78 ~Fl. 11 'St. 5 4 dt. each --

13 First Firewprker, at 60 Ft. each -60 Fireworker, at 50 Ft. each -

7 Non-commissioned Officers or-Fouriers, at 40 Ft.

14 Assistants tp Ditto, at 21 Ft. 5 St. each 14 Drummers, at 21 Ft. 5 St. each -

432 Bombardiers and Cannoniers, at 21. 5. each

Addition for the_First ^ptain.Lieutenant

1,254 4 — 53i 10 24

- 1,178 15 .6.1

780 ——

- 5,600 ——

280 ——

- 297 10 —

297 10 — -

- 9,180 -

.Total of the Regiment of Artillery

16,799 10 1 30 11 5 4-

18,961 — 1 4-

i¥oK.<49.

Train

Pay of

Hanoverian

Troops.

288

4* Martii.

d. 1794.

Pay of

Hanoverian

Troops.

Train of the Artillery and Ammunition of the Troops. STAFF:

l Major, commanding the whole Train -

l Regimental Quarter Master -

l Train Surgeon ——

To the Mounted Artillery.

1 Captain..... ... 179 3 34.

1 Waggon Master - - - 60 ——

3 Serjeant Majors, at 60 Ft. each - - - -180 ——

8 Corporals, at 45 FI. each ----- -- 360 ——

1 Surgeon Mate - - 30 ——

1 Horse Doctor - - - 40 ——

1 Assistant - - - 26 ——

1 Harness Master - - - 45 ——

1 Blacksmith - - - - 42 ——

4 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each - - - - -112 ——

1 Sadler - - - 42 ——

3 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each - 84 ——

1 Wheelwright - - - 42 ——

2 Journeymen, at 28 FI. each - - - - 56 ——

110 Batmen, at 16 Ft. 18 St. 4 dt. each, Clothing included - - 1,861 15 —

To the Heavy Artillery*

1 Captain -

1 Lieutenant ——

2 Ensigns, at 140 FI. each -

2 Waggon Masters, at 60 Ft. each -12 Serjeant Majors, at 60 Ft. each

34 Corporals, at 45 Ft. each -

3 Harness Masters, at 45 Ft. each -2 Blacksmiths, at 42 FI. each -

8 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each -2 Sadlers, at '42 Ft. each -6 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each -2 Wheelwrights, at 42 Ft. each

4 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each -2 Surgeon Mates, at 30 ach 2 Horse Doctors, at 40 Ft. each

2 Assistants, at 26 Ft. each - -

345 Batmen, at 16 Ft. 18 4 dt. each

179 3 3i

150 ——

280 ----- -1

120 ——

720 ——

i,53o ——

135 ——

84 ——

224 ——

84 ——

168 ——

82 ——

112 ——

60 ——

80 ——

52 ——

5,839 2 4

To the Reserve Ammunition of the Troops and the Heavy Artillery.

1 Captain ——

1 Lieutenant -

2 Ensigns, at 140 Ft. each

2 Waggon Masters, at 60 Ft. each -6 Serjeant Majors, at 60 Ft. each 18 Corporals, at 45 Ft. each 2 Harness Masters, at 45 Ft. each -2 Blacksmiths, at 42 Ft. each -8 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each -2 Sadlers, at 42 Ft. each 6 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each -2 Wheelwrights, at 42 Ft. each

4 Journeymen, at 28 Ft. each 2 Surgeons Mates, at 30 Ft. each 2 Horse Doctors, at 40 Ft. each 2 Assistants, at 26 Ft. each. -334 Batmen, at 16 Ft. 18 St. 4 dt.

179 3 3i

150 ——

280 -

120 ——

360 -

810 ——

90 ——

84 ——

224 ——

84 ——

,68 ——

84 ——

112 ——

60 —: —

80 ——

52 ——

5,652 19 —

Total of the Train of the Artillery

a

Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

Ft. St. dt. 322 15 2f

180 ——

41 12 —

544 7 2

3,159 18 3 4-

9,9°i 5 71

8,59° 2 3

22,195 14 1

ABSTRACT

34 Geo. III.

4° Martii,

289

ABSTRACT of TOTALS: Dutch Currency, the Ducat at 105 Stuver.

27. St. dt.

General Staff - 24,528 17 6

Military Chest ..... 367 19 5

Hospital - 4,256 9

Eight Regiments of Cavalry - 119,073 3 7

Six Regiments of Infantry 146,381 18 5 i

Three Battalions of Grenadiers m m m 40,454 14 — I

186,836 12 6

Regiment of Artillery - 18,961 — 1 i

Train of the Artillery and Ammunition of the Troops - m 22,195 14 1

Total, in 42 days m m 376,219 17 2 i

(Signed) George R.

J. F. C. v. A

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com-on Wool- mittee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this combers Pe- House in this Session of Parliament, from the Wool-«o*T^ur8dav. comhers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, are referred, That they do sit and proceed upon the said Petitions on Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

P«my Post Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, accord-Regulation ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Portage and Ml present- Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Jersey and Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, accord-Guernsey ing to Order, a Bill granting Rates of Postage for the

Postage Bill Conveyance of Letters ana Packets between Great presented. Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands: And the same was received; and . read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bewley, Co- A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, non, Shin, and for themselves and on Behalf of the other Land Owners Helmsdale and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Cro~ attorn*Pe" marty, Sutherland, Caithness, Orkney, and Shetland, and the Towns and Boroughs therein, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, Conon, Shin, and Helmsdale, run across the Country immediately to the Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of those Rivers to be absolutely with* Vol. 49.

out a Bridge from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance, the large and populous District above-mentioned is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries with great inconveniency, and not unfrequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted by making long Tracts of necessary Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance hitherto of- any Public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers; and that Two of the said Rivers, viz. Bewley and Conon, run partly through, and partly contiguous to, Two of the most considerably of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners, appointed for their Management, entered at different Times upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers of Bewley and Conon, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but those Rents having been, from Time to Time, otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other Public Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor in that Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland; and that the Estate of Seaforth, in the County of Ross, was forfeited in the Year 1715, and re-purchased from the Public at a large Price by the Heir of that Noble Family, and the Public have of course benefited by that Transaction in the same Manner as if they had retained the Estate in their Possession; and while the Family, owing to that Purchase, could not receive the same Advantage as those who have had their Estates restored, this forms a strong additional Reason for that Benefit being extended to that Part of the Country; and that the Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged, with Payment into the Exchequer in Scotland of certain

4 E Sums,

290

4° Martii.

A. 1794'

Sums, subject to iftie future Disposition of Parliament, and, it beipg understood to be the liberal Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary Public Improvements in Scotland, the Bridges above-mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is computed af about £. 15,006: And therefore praying, That-Leave may be given -to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £. 15,000 of the unexhausted Balance, which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, dineqted, by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Petsbns to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the said Rivers Bewky, Canon, Shin, and Helmsdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Disposition of Parliament to encourage and reward those who have spent their Lives and Fortunes in the Service of Public Advantage: And therefore the Petitioners submit to the House, to take this Application into their Consideration, and make such Allowance for the above Preparations, the Resist of infinite Labour and considerable Expense, as, upon Enquiry shall be thought-fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the Onder of the Day, for receiving Attornies the Report from the -Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Report

Supply.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was -read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all the Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of March 1793, amounting to the Sum of One Million Nine hundred and Thirty thousand and Twenty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Penfce.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Petition of A Petition of Matthew BailUe and Everard Home, Mr. Hunter's being offered to be presented to the House;

Trustees. ~ ~ ~

Provision for satisfying Navy and Victualling Bills.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bricks and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tiles addi-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- deferred* tional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hodse Glass addi-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tjonaJ duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- e tional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Report of into further Consideration the Report which was made Nonrich and from the Committee, tp whom the Bill for amending, r^i rrj widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from further coa-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Norwich to Aytsham, io the County of Norfolk, and a sidered. Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- towards Holt, in the said County, was committed, be tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon

House.

- Then the said Pfetition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners aje possessed, in Trust, with a Collection of Preparations illustrating different Parts of> the Animal CEconomy, the late

Property Of John Hunter, deceased, who, by his Will, the Question severally put thereupon, several of them dated the lith of July 1793, among other Things, were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the directs as follows — " I also give to the said Matthew House.

" Baillie and Everard Home all my Collection of Na- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" tural History, and the Cases, ' and other Things ingrossed. belonging thereto, or used therewith, upon Trust,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of Duties received at the Port of Wisbech, from the 1st of January 1772 to the 31st of Decern- bed, ordered." ber 1793; specifying the Annual Amount of each Year.

" that they offer the same to Sale in one entire Lot,

" to the Government of Great Britain, at such Price " that may be considered aS reasonable between both " Parties, and, in case of Refusal, then that it may " be offered to Sale to any Foreign Government or " State upon the like Terms, and in Failure of such " Sale, then to dispose of the same, in an entire Lot, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

" in such Manner as they shall think properand Account of the Tonnage entered in and cleared out at that, in pursuance of the above Directions, the Peti- the Port of Wisbech, from the 1st of January 1772 to the cleared out at tioners are induced to make their present Application to 31 st of December 1793; specifying the Annual Amount or*

the House, confiding in the Importance of the Collec- of each Year.

tion (which is the only one of the Kind in this or any other Country) and its Effects on the Improvement Of useful Knowledge, and more especially the Advancement of Medical Education, and sensible of the 3

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Mi- Minutes of nutes of the Evidence taken from Time to Time, Brigand on the Second Reading of the Bill for improving the King'* Lynn

4° — 5° Martii.

34 Geo. III.

Drainage of the Middle arid South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands, adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of , draining through

the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's. Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Em Brink, in the Parish of Saint

Mary's, in the said Counity, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Proceedings The House was moved, That an Act, made in ,the on East India Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Judkature jesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same, and report to the House, upon Thursday next, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists.

And they are referred to Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wood, Mr. Adam, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

ville, Mr. Yorke, Sir George Jackson, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Amyatt, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rose, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Wilberforce, Mr . Pierrepont, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Pochin,

Mr. Rolle; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition for A Petition of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, regulating on Behalf of himself and others, the Proprietors and Carriages, Trustees for re-building the Theatre Royal Drury was presented to the House, and read; Setting atre. forth, That a new Theatre has been lately erected in

the Place of the former Theatre, with appropriate Buildings surrounding the same, on a Scale of great Extent and Expence, and a new Street on the South Side of the said Theatre is intended to be opened at the Expence of the said Proprietors, but the Accommodation and Safety of the Public frequenting the said Theatre cannot be complete unless further Powers be given to the said Proprietors respecting the Regulation of Carriages at the Avenues, and the Covering the Approaches to the same, than, as it is apprehended, can now be by Law exercised: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for die Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Counsel further heard on The other Order of the Day being read, for the fur-and Kim* *ker Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving Lynn Drain- the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part age Bill.

VOL. 49.

291

of the Great Level, of die Fens, called Bedford and the Lots Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as. also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, tin the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wig-

f enhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said larbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough ot Leune Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names dre thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk-, and also, for the Petition of the several Persons theretfnder-named, Owners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the County of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates there; and also, for the Petition of the several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze, examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, and also of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lynn.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill werO directed to withdraw. *

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5° die Martii;

Anno 340 Georgii' IIP1 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

JfJIERONIMUS Heinrich Zobel, commonly called Zobel sworn.

Hieronimus Henry Zobel, took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to Ludlow and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- t'lee Hill rying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of J?oads PeV‘. the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Uon rep°rted‘ Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Clce Hill, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notices inserted in the Newspapers, with respect to the new Branch of Road, were not given till the Month of October, the Trustees not having determined to apply to Parliament

292

5° Martii.

A. 1794.

ment for Power to repair that Pieces of Road before the Time required for giving such Notices had elapsed); and that the Committee had examined' the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Baugh being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,500, the Whole of which now remains due; that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to have an Increase of Toll.

And being further examined, he said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, near The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, through the Village of Stanton Lacy, Lower Hayton, Great Sutton, and Peeton, to Bowden, is greatly out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County: And that Mr. Payne Knight and Mr. Clive do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Foundling Mr. Gaily Knight reported from the Committee, to

Hospital whom the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of

bg^c.Peti- Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of tionreported, exposed and deserted young Children, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ralph Johnson Wall being examined, said, That the said Governors and Guardians are possessed of certain Pieces of Ground, within the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, situate near the said Hospital, and have entered into Agreements with divers Persons for laying out and building several Streets upon the said Ground, and several Houses have been already erected thereon, and it is proposed to Let the Remainder, or the greatest Part thereof, for the like Purpose: — And he further said, That if proper Provision was made for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, which have been and may be set out and made over or upon the said Ground, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, the same would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons residing the rein, and resorting thereto; and by inducing other Persons to take Building Leases, would greatly improve the Value of the said Charity Estate.

Mr. James Farrer Steadman being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital: And that Mr. Gaily Knight and Mr. Hawkins Browne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to Ludlow and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- Orlton Roads lying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the re"

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofer-ton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place, or House, called The Maidenhead, at Orlton, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Baugh being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed f. 2,400 on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are enlarged, the Tolls increased, and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Payne Knight and Mr. Clive do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hippisley Core reported from the Committee, to Pilton and

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Nor^* Wirt-certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying gjj sported. and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 50 Common Rights; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 484, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

One;

34 Geo. III. 5" Martii293

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

East Harptry Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, according Inclosure Bill to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a presented. Tract of Common, or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East

Harptry, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

against the thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Leeds and La- Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County Naxiration Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Bill. Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the

House to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, which the Petitioners apprehend will be very injurious to their Estates and Interests, if the same passes into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty, by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, to be heard against the said Bill, that the same may not paSs _ into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liver- < pool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas alias Asland, navigable from the River to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, be read a Second Time.

Petitions in A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Masters J of the of VesseiS) and others, Residents of the Town and va-pod Canal ^ort Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster Navigation And also,

Bin A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Township of Bolton en le Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Township of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Purchasers, and others interested in the Lands.and Grounds, late Parcel of the Moor or Common adjoining and belonging to the Town of Bolton en le Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Settle, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Township of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

Vol. 49.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in the Township and Neighbourhood of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, in Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the County of York:

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Skipton, in the County of York: And also, .

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Land Owners, and others, in the Township and Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Dunchurch whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- utllam holders, and Inhabitants of the County of Warwick, re^rtedUU°n whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Mark Pearman being examined, said, That the Road from Dunchurch, in the County oiWarwick, to the Towrn of Southam, in the same County, is much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and that if the same were properly amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, it would be of great Benefit to the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Lygonreported from the Committee, to whom Bromsgrove

the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Tnir- tion reported, teenth Year of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of King George the Second, and of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty; for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to

4 F the

Report of BirchiH and Huddlesford Canal Bill further considered.

Mersey and Irwell Navigation Petition reported.

994 5° Martii. 1794.

the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Brom to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that die Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And it appeared by the said Act of the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, that the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley was made a separate District: And,

Mr. James Bourne being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of has been . borrowed, and

is now dpe, upon the Credit of the Tolls collected within the said District; which Money cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts.

And the Witness further said, That there is a very steep and dangerous Hill, near to the Town of Dudley, and if a direct Road was made from or near the Bush Inn, in Dudley, to communicate with the present Road, at or near the Cinder Banks, in the Parish of Dudley, being only the Distance of about Three Quarters of a Mile, it would not only lessen the Distance between Dudley and Bromsgrove, but also avoid the said Hill, which would be of great Convenience to Persons using the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging die Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom die Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from die Wyrley and Essington Canal, at or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Coventry Canal, at or near ford, in the said County, and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Crosbie, Esquire, Joseph Tipping, Merchant, Henry Norris, and Thomas Lyon, Esquires, and William Mar Corn Dealer, the Committee of the Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, for and on the Behalf of themselves and

all others, the Proprietors of Shares in the «?id Nflr

4

yigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, the present Application being only to incorporate certain Proprietors of a Navigation already existing; but that PubUe Notices were inserted in the several Newspapers, and affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses, as required by the said Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the First, for making (he Riveirs Mersey and Irwell navigable, from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Woolridge being examined, said, That

by reason of the great Increase of the Trade and Manufactures of the said County, since the making of the said Act, the Navigation upon the said Rivers hath become very considerable, and the present Proprietors being very numerous, they are desirous of being incorporated into a Body Politic and Corporate, and that the said Navigation, and the Tonnage Rates and Duties, Estates, and Property belonging to them, may become vested in such Body Corporate, for the Benefit of the several Proprietors, according to their respective Shares, and that such Shares may be deemed Personal Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mersey and Irwell " navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster," by incorporating the Proprie-

tors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate; And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to a Place called in the

Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceeding on the'Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to report what they find therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, be the said Committee.

Mr. Barker Church presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within tire Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

An ingprossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in

the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The

Rochdale and Edenfield Road Bill presented.

Committee to inspect the Lords Journals in relation to Mr. Hastings's Trial

Wendover Inclosure Bill presented.

Clayton-le-Moors Inclosure Bill passed.

5° Mar

2 95

34fGeo. III.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 35. After u Pole " to insert " Customary Measure."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houses and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of ClayUm-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whatley, in the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Estimate of Navy Debt; and Account of Navy and Victualling Bilb; refer-

Norwich and Aylsham Road Bill passed.

Penny Post Regulation Bill committed.

Jersey and Guernsey Postage Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding in each Month, to the present Time, with the Amount of Interest due thereon, computed to the 1st of March 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said Count y.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands, was read a Second Time.

Vojl. 49-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Leeds and Reading of the Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Live*!*®®! prietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to -pool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; committed to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea*,

Tellers for the Noes, {} 9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Zobel's Nat. Bill committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition in thereunto subscribed, being Conservators of the River favour of Eau Cam or Grant, in the County of Cambridge, appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the DraLag«Dn First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Bill.

Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River,

" alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clay Hithe-Ferry to the Queen's Mill,

" in the University and Town of Cambridge," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for improving the Outfall of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and also for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating the rewith: And praying, That the said Bill may be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Particular of Council of the Borough of Lewie Regis, commonly Estates of the called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, do lay, of-°j^iI^tslon or cause to be laid, before this House, a Particular of Lynn, with the several considerable Landed Estates of which they drawn, are seised or possessed in their Corporate Capacity, as stated in their Petition, with the Annual Rents thereof;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of Lerme Regis, commonly called King's Lynn,

in

296

5* — 6° Martll

A. 1794.

Account of Dues on Ships frequenting the Harbour of King's Lynn ordered.

in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 24th day of February last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Dues or Tolls on Ships frequenting the Harbour of the Borough of Lenne Regis aforesaid, payable to the said Corporation, the Produce of which is necessarily applied for the Preservation and Maintenance of the said Harbour, and the Public Quays and Wharfs thereof, during the Ten Years next preceding the 1st of January 1793; distinguishing the Amount of each Year's Receipt and Expenditure.

Supply defer- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House red- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Counsel fur- The other Order of the Day being read, for the further heard on ther Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving and King's ^e Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of Lynn Drain- the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and age Bill. . the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels;

as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Regis, in the County of Norfolk; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons thereunder named, Owners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates there; and also, for the Petition of the several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn, and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze, examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, and also of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lynn.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, that the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for making certain Navigable Buckingham, Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to com- and Wenik>-municate with The Grand Junction Navigation, autho- *®r, Canal*.

O ' U|ll

rized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Grand junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of th^last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Bin-bill and vigable Canal from the Wyrley and Essington Canal, at Huddlesfari or near Birchill, in the County of Stafford, to the Co- Canal Bill ventry Canal, at or near Huddlesford, in the said County, passed'

and also a Navigable Cut to communicate therewith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Wyrley and Essington Canal.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers Birmingham of three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the and Stone Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Bia<lge *** the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Ma- P8®*-jesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth and

Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingh, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to* a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com- Petition for mittee, to whom the Petition of the Court of Mayor regulating and Aldermen of the City of London, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Thames resaid Petition, and had directed him to report the same, ported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of " former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames, and for the " better ordering and governing the said Watermen,

" Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said " River between Gravesend and Windsor," was read:

And,

Timothy

Petitions in favour of Boulter's Lock and Isleworth Canal Bill.

Mark Inclo-sure Bill presented.

itL

34 Geo. III.

6° Martii.

297

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, certain Rules and Orders have Hfeeh made for the Rule and Government of the Watermen's Company, but the same have proved inadequate and ineffectual, by reason, that the Right of suggesting and proposing such Rules and Orders, is exclusively vested in the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the said Company, and the Cognizance of the several Offences committed against the said Rules and Orders, is vested in Eleven of their own Members: He lurther said, That it would tend to the more speedy and effectual Administration of Justice, and be of great Public Utility and Convenience, if the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, for the Time being, were empowered to make and frame necessary Rules and Orders for governing the said Company of Watermen, and if the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any One Alderman of the said City of London, or any Justice of Peace, within the Shires and Places next adjoining to the said River of Thames, were empowered to carry such Rules and Orders into Execution and Effect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of,

between Gravesend and Windsor: And that Mr. Aider-

man Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Bucks, who have thereunto affixed their Common Seal: And

also,

A Petition of the acting Commissioners of the Thames and Isis Navigation, leading from Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, to the City of London, and also, of the several Creditors on the said Navigation, whose Names are respectively thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, who have thereunto affixed their Common Seal: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Abingdon and Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the City of Oxford, and the Towns of Dorchester and Benson, in the County of Oxford,

and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto . subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Canal for the Purpose of Navigation, from Taplow Head, in the River Thames, near Boulter's Lock, in the County of Buckingham, to the River Thames, at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Common, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Mercy and to Order, a Bill for altering an Act, passed in the irwellNavi-Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King gatlon311 George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the presen " Rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool " to Manchester, in the County Palatine of by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, Owners of divers Mills, against the Factories, and other Waterworks, in the Neighbour- ®uJr"dKirk hood of Haslingden, in the County of Lancaster, was mn presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into Effect, will be particularly injurious to the Property of the Petitioners in certain Mills, Factories, and other Waterworks, situate near the Line of the said intended Canal, and be highly prejudicial to the Interest, as wrell of the Petitioners as of the Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Haslingden aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1792, 1793, and 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles, and on Non-enumerated Tiles, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1792, , 1793, and 1794distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Duties on Glass, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1792, 1793, and 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Gl&ss Bottles, or Bottle Metal, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also, An Account of the Duty on Window Glass, commonly called Spread Glass, for Three Years ending 5th January 1794: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of Duties on British Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duties on Foreign Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties: And also,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Duty on Paper, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794;

Accounts

presented.

Duties on Bricks and Tiles.

Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles.

Duties on Glass.

Duty on Glass Bottles.

Duty on Spread Glass

Duties on British Spirits.

Duties on

Foreign

Spirits.

Duty on Paper.

distinguishing each Year. Aftd then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The said Accounts are as followeth; vis.

Vol. 49.

4 G

North

298

6® Martiv

A. 1794

Duty on Bricks and Tiles.

Duties on Tiles.

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

For the Years ended 5th Day of January

1792. 1793- 1794-

Net Amount of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles 2,815 15 2 3,430 15 3,235 3 »i

Excise Office, 1___4,

Edinburgh,) SOlh Februar? *W4-

J. Wharton. John Grieve. Geo. Brown.

John Edgar, Accomptant.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles, and on Non-enumerated Hies, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Duty on Pan and Ridge Tiles from that on Non-enumerated Tiles.

For the Years ended 5th Day of January

< 1792. 1793- . 1794-

Gross Amount of Duty on Bricks and Tiles, Plain -D° ----- on Pan Ridge Tiles -D® ----- on Non-enumerated Tiles - 2,159 3 10 i 733 5 — 4 10 — 2,578 1 3 i 1,000 7 8 $ 10 10 — 2,300 19 — i 1,021 5 9

Total - 2,896 17 10 3,588 19 — 3,322 4 9i

John Edgar, Accomptant.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

4? } JOth Febro"y 1 '9+

J. Wharton.

John Grieve.

Geo. Brown.

North

34 Geo. III.

6° Martii. 299

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Glass, for Three Years, ending the

5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

Duties 011 Glass

For the Year ended 5th Day of January

Net Amount of the Duties on Glass r — 1792. 1793. 1794.

12,790 5 8 *6,75^ *7 11,32^ — 4

Excise Office,"I

Edinburgh,

20th February

1794.

John Edgar, Accomptant.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

J. Wharton. John Grieve. Geo. Brown.

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty on Glass Bottles, or Bottle Metal, for Three

Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Duty on Glass Bottles

For the Years ended 5th Day of January

r 1792. 1793. 1794-

Gross Amount of the Duty on Glass Bottles, or Bottle Metal - 15,381 1 11 14,295 2 51 13,910 7 — *

Excise Office,! Edinburgh, J

20th February

1794.

John Edgar, Accomptant.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

J. Wharton. John Grieve. Geo. Brown.

Vol. 49.

North

300

6° Mar

J. 1794.

Duty on Window Glass.

Duties on British Spirits.

North Britain. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty on Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, for Three Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

The Year ending 5th January

r 1792. 1793- \ »794-

Amount of Duty on Spread Window Glass - - Nil. Nil. Nd.

John Edgar, Accomp.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

ESlrrt/20th FebraarJ 1794-

J. JVharton.

John Grieve.

Geo. Brown.

Note. — There is no Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, manufactured in North Britain.

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on British Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duty.

1792. 1793. 1794-

Net Amount of the Duties on Lowland Distillery Licences ----- -- 18,910 2 6f 3i»37i 8 5 61,633 3 i*

D° - - - of the Duties on Highland - D* - 11,304 13 4i 14,724 9 11 12,231 i

Grand Total - - 30,214 15 11 46,095 18 4 73,864 3 2

John Edgar, Accomptant John , Acco* Gen1.

Excise Office,! „ t. , „ _,

Edinburgh, j20th February 1794.

John Grieve.

J. JVharton.

Geo. Brown.

Note, — There is no Additional Duty 1791 on Spirits distilled in North Britain. At 5th July 1793, the Duty of 3 per Gallon ceased, and in heir thereof ,£. 9 per* Gallon commenced.

North

34 Geo. III.

6° Mar.

301

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duties on Foreign Spirits, for Three Years, ending 5th January 1794; distinguishing each Year, and the Duties imposed in 1791 from the Old Duties.

The Year ending at 5th January

r \

1792. 179.?' 1794.

Net Amount of the Duties on Fo-T Duties 23,337 18 9* 56,498 8 11 £ 37,881 4 6

reign Spirits - - - -j ,-9, 4,459 5 11 10,970 18 10 7,475 19 11

Excise Office,!-p.

Edinburgh, )20,h February . 794.

Wharton. John Grieve. Geo.

Ja. Lowndes, Accomp.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

North Britain. — An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount of the Duty on Paper, for Three Years, ending

the 5th Day of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

Net Amount of the Duty on Paper -

For the Years ended 5th Day of January.

r 1792. 1793- A 1794-

5,295 14 7 T 5,859 4 1*4- 5,726 2111

ESte*"'}20,h Febmar? 'W

J. Wharton. John Grieve. Geo. Brown.

John Edgar, Accomptant.

James Ramsay, Accomptant Gen1.

Vox- 49.

.4 H

Ordered

Duties on

Foreign

Spirits.

Duty on Paper.

302

6° Martii.

A. 1794.

Account of Whale Ships from Scotland — and of Scotch Lighthouses Commissioners presented.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament.

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence fitted out, and at what- Port discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported from the loth of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accounts of " the Commissioners for the Northern* Light Houses, " 9th July 1793." .

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to amend The Hou$e was moved, That an Act, made in the' Act for better Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Observation Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation Day, Ordered. " Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Main-waring and Sir James Sanderson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for alter- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, ing the Duties a Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, ouPaper,&c. Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for grant-pre*en ' ing other Duties in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ture.

Report East Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the India Judica- Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered in at the Table in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; that the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House the Name of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ijt in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was readana is as followeth; viz.

Robert Smith, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Gren-

ville, James Gordon, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, James Watson, Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Sir John Rous, Baronet, Thomas Wallace, Esquire, Sir Peter

8

Burrell, Baronet, Mark Pringle, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, Sir William Young, Baronet, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet,

James Adams, Esquire, Sir William Baronet, the Lord Muncaster, William Praed, Esquire, Henry Dun-combe, Esquire, George Canning, Esquire, Lord Viscount Clifden, the Honourable Cropley Ashley, William Baker,

Esquire, Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, Charles Rose Ellis, Esquire, Francis Glanville, Esquire, James Ham-lyn, Esquire, Simon Yorke, Esquire, Charles Ingoldsby Rowlett, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire, James Buller, Esquire, Maurice Robinson, Esquire, John Gaily Knight, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Andrew Stuart, Esquire.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from Report Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was "d Mean*, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions wlqch the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NavyorVic-That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any tualling Bill*. Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of March 1793, who shall, on or before the 12th Day of April 1794, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked and certified by him, or his Paymaster and Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled in respect of the same to One hundred and One Pounds Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities' after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1794, to be payable Half-yearly, in Lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, and to be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the Annuities established by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty,- intituled, "An Act for granting Annuities to " satisfy certain Navy,' Victualling, and Transport " Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and by another Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy " certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, ana " Ordnance Debenturesand that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, The Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Slate, Stone, That the Duties of Customs now chargeable on Slate, Marble. Stone, and Marble, of the Production of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, or either of them, imported into this Kingdom, do cease and determine.

Resolved, Tha,t it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Customs of ^Twenty Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Slate, Stone, and Marble, of the Production of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark,

Alderney or Man, or either of them, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Customs of Twenty Pounds be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Slate, Stone, and Marble, of the Production of Great Britain, which shall be carried by Sea from any Port or Place'within this Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the same.

Resolved,

34 Geo. III.

6° Martii.

303

Pay and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

c*oa,lJ'.‘nt? of That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia e in that Part of Great Britain called for One

Year, beginning the 25th day of March 1794, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted, for the Service of the Year 1794.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bay ham,'Mr. Mr. John Thomas

Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second, Third, and- Fourth, of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Tmnshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the samp.

Order for Ordered, That so much of the Order made upon

Slate, Stone, the 6th day of February last, for Leave to bring in lU a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed, to by the House, be discharged, as relates to the bringing in a Bill upon the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth of the said Resolutions.

Bill for aug- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for menting the augmenting the Militia: And that Mr. Chancellor of the ordered Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Minchin, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wallingford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVallingford, in the County of Berks, in the room of Nathaniel William , Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Bill for allow- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

ing Whale for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Ships to com- "Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men of CMen^r certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for

ordered'. a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Samuel

Thornton, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Address re- That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

tain Treaties to rePresent 10 His Majesty, that His faithful Corn-laid before the mons, having taken into their serious Consideration the House. various Treaties which have, by His Majesty's Com-Neg. mand, been laid before this House, cannot forbear to express their deep Concern, that His Majesty should have been advised to enter into Engagements, the Terms of which appear to this House, to be wholly incompatible with the Declarations repeatedly made to this House from the Throne, relative to the professed Objects of the present unfortunate War:

To represent to His Majesty the Affliction and Vol. 49.

Alarm of His faithful Commons, that His Majesty should have been advised to make a " Common Cause" with Powers whose Objects are unavowed- and undefined, but from whose Conduct His faithful Commons have too much Ground to dread, that they carry on War for the Purpose of dictating in the internal Affairs of other Countries: Views which have been repeatedly and solemnly disavowed by His Majesty, and His Ministers; and which are utterly abhorrent from those Principles upon which alone a free People can, with Honour, engage in War:

To represent to His Majesty, if the present War had been what His Majesty's Message in the last Session of Parliament stated it to be, a War of Aggression on the Part of France, and of Defence on the Part of Great Britain, that, by a Treaty previously in Existence, between His Majesty and the King of Prussia, the Co-operation and Assistance of that Power were ensured to this Country:

That it does not appear to this House, that the Succours, stipulated by the Defensive Treaty of 1788, have been required by His Majesty, but that a new Convention has been entered into, the Stipulations of which have no other Tendency than the involving us in Schemes, as foreign to the true Interest, as they are repugnant to the natural Feelings of Englishmen, and of imposing Restraints upon His Majesty's known Disposition to avail Himself of any.Circumstances which might otherwise enable Him, consistently with the Honour of His Crown, and the Welfare and Security of the Country, to relieve His People from the present burthensome and calamitous War:

To represent to His Majesty, that the Irruption of the French into Savoy, and their Possession of that Part of the Dominions of the King of Sardinia, did not appear to His Majesty so far to endanger the Balance of Power in Europe, as to induce His Majesty, on that Account, to commence Hostilities against France: That His faithful Commons do therefore express their Disapprobation of that Part of the Treaty recently concluded between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, by which His Majesty is bound not to lay down his Arms until the Restitution of Savoy shall have been accomplished; a Species of Engagement which it can at no Time (excepting in Cases of the greatest Emergency) be either prudent or proper to make; and much less for an Object which was not deemed, in His Majesty's Wisdom, to be so connected with the Interests of this Country as to occasion a Declaration of War:

To represent to His Majesty, that it appears to His faithful Commons to be the general Tendency of these Engagements to involve us in Connexions of undefined Extent, for Objects which we disapprove, and have disavowed; and this with Powers on whose Principles of Equity and Moderation we are instructed, by Experience, to have no Reliance, and whose complete Success may, in our Opinion, prove fetal to the Liberties of Europe:

To represent to His Majesty, that, having thus expressed our Sentiments respecting the Engagements which His Majesty has been advised to contract, we feel it our bounden Duty most humbly and earnestly to implore His Majesty to consider of such Measures as to His Royal Wisdom shall seem adapted (consistently with that National Faith which, in common with His Majesty, we desire to preserve religiously inviolate) to extricate Himself from Engagements which oppose such Difficulties to His Majesty's concluding a separate Peace, whenever the Interests of His People may render such a Measure adviseable, and which certainly countenance the Opinion that His Majesty is acting in concert with other Powers for the unjustifiable Purpose of compelling the People of France to submit to a Form of Government not approved by that Nation;

The

304 6° — 7° Martii. A. 1794.

The- House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

IMr. Whitbread, 7

Tellers for the YeaS, 1 Junior, I 2G.

[Mr. Sheridan: J

Tellers for the Noes /Mr*John SmVth> 11 *8

i-euers for the JNoes, |Mr pok Carew; j 13«-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bricks and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Tiles addi- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

BiUdeferred uponBiH for granting to His Majesty certain addi-6 ' tional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported

info, Great Britain.

Glass addi- Resolved, That this House will, 'tomorrow Morn-lional Duties ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred. Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Penny Post Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Regulation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BiUdeferred. Upon the Bill for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

Jersey and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Guernsey fog, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred upon the Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,7° die Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1794.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom st. Alkmond the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Land Church Peti-Owners, Impropriators of Tythes, and Inhabitants, of tion reported, the Parish of Saint Alkmond, in she Town of Shrewsbury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr:

Thomas Lloyd being examined, said, That the Church of the said Parish is in a very decayed and ruinous Condition, and that the same has been surveyed by several skilful and experienced Architects, who have reported it to be in a State very dangerous for the Petitioners to assemble therein, and that it is necessary the same should be taken down and re-built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop: And that Mr. Owen, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Dudley, Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Kingswin-Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and committed, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, and from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Kingswinford to Dawley Brook, and to a House in the Possession of Thomas Turner, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Sir John Call, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Prayers.

Mareton X , TR. Pochin presented to the House, according to Bridge, Ash- LYJl Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Na-by de la vigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Ticknall°&c Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the

Canal Bill County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of presented. Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Quarley A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and committed, other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Senior, Mr. Lygon,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Porthywain and Newton, &c.Canal Bill presented.

Mr. Owen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llany-blodwell, in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Maze's Nat. the Bill for naturalizing James Maze, was committed; Bill reported. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of the Town of Petition Matichester was presented to the House, and read; against the Setting sorth, That the British Trade to Africa is car- B,u.for a " ried on with Merchandize composed chiefly of the Tr^Jforsup-Manufactures of this Country, and the Petitioners plying Fo-have embarked very large Sums of Money in the reign Territo-Manufacture of Goods calculated solely for that particular Trade, and unfit for any other; and that they ave*‘ understand a Bill is now depending in the House for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, which, if passed into a Law, will, they are assured, affect an immediate Abolition of Two-thirds of the said Trade, and an eventual Abolition of the Whole, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Petitioners, and to the utter Ruin of some Thousands of poor Families employed therein, who have no Means of Support ‘but what they derive from the said Manufacture; and that, during the extreme Distress which for several Months past has prevailed, and now prevails, among the Manufacturing Poor of this Country, occasioned by the Stagnation of Trade, and the Depression of Commercial Credit, it has been Matter of great Satisfaction to the Petitioners, that they have been able, by the Stock of Goods which they have been encouraged so provide for the

African

34 Geo. III.

7° MartiU

305

African Trade, to give Employment to very great Numbers of the said Poor, and they submit it to the House, independent of any Consideration of Humanity,

whether at a Time of such general Despondency as the present, there would not be some Degree of Impolicy in taking this Morsel of Bread from them: And therefore, as well for themselves as in Behalf of the Manufacturing Poor in and about the Town of Manchester, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that the said Bill may not be suffered to pass into a Law, and that they may receive such further Protection and Relief as to the House may appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill for regu- . Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, ac-lating Water- cording to Order, a Bill for better regulating and govern^ the Thaine« *nS *he Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon presented. the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Preston and Mr. Damer reported from the Committee, to whom Sutton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Foyntz inclo- Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and ported* rC" Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Points, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the' Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Tewkesbury Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom Roads Peti- the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing tion reported. go much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to " Coscomb Gate, and from Isabels Elm to the Top of " Gotherington Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and " from Tewkesbury to a Farm House, called The Old " Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish " of Ripple, and to Si Ford Brook, and from " Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge,

" and to the Road opposite to Elstone Church, and ' " from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Tum-

" pike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree " called Pewsdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucester," as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, and also, for executing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of " so much of an Act, of the Twenty-ninth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing arid " widening several Roads therein described, leadifig " from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of " Gloucester, as relates to the First District of Roads

VOL. 49. .;

" therein mentioned, and for amending the Road from " Comb Hill to a Bridge near Norton Mill, in the " County of Gloucester, and from Eckington Bridge " to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton " on Severn to Pershore, in the County of Worcester,"

and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined, and fourid that the Standing Orders of the House, relative ' to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notices were not inserted in the Newspapers published in the County of Worcester, on Account of the Gloucester Newspapers being more generally circulated in that Part of the County of Worcester where the Worcestershire Piece of Road lies, and in which they were inserted Three Times in the Month of September last); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in' at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Trueman being examined, said. That

Seat Progress has been made in amending the First istrict of Roads comprized in the said Acts, by which a large Debt hath been contracted, and still remains due, and the said Roads cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Said Debt paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, , so far as relates to the said First District, be enlarged; and it would facilitate the Execution of the Powers, necessary for the Repair of the said Roads, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

That the several other Roads, described in the Petition are much out of Repair, narrow and circuitous, and it would be a great Convenience arid Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of Public'Utility, if Powers were -granted for amending, widening, turning, and improving die same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,- the ' Roads' leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beckford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near, Sireford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow

,on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid:

And that Mr. Martin and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Hull Docks to whom the Petition of the Corporation of Mayor Petition re-. and Burgesses of the Town of King upon Hull, of P°rted> 'the Corporation Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their respective Common Seals, <and of the thereurider-signed Merchant, Ship Owners, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Kingston - upon - Hull, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared tQ them,

4 1

306 7° MartiL . 1794.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and establishing Public Quays and Wharfs at ston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's

" Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon , for making " a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, " and other Works for the Accommodation of Vessels " nsing the said Port,. and for appropriating certain " Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying " certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs " at the said Porty for those Purposes, and for establishing other neoe6sary Regulations within the . " Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull," was read:

And,

Hugh Ker, Esquire, being examined, said, That a Public Quay has been established at the said Port, together with a Dock sufficient for accommodating the Trade and Shipping of the said Port at that Time, but the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken Place there, has occasioned the said Dock to be greatly insufficient for the present Trade of the Port, and the want of Room now restrains the Public Revenue, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port, which are in a State of progressive Improvement; and further Accommodation for the Shipping is absolutely necessary.

That the Revenue arising from the Dock and Quay Duties, being abundantly ample to provide at all Times, and cany into Effect, the Increase of Room necessary for the Improvement of the Public Revenue, and the Benefit of Commerce, if the Dock Company were authorized to receive out of the said Revenue such limited Interest or Dividend upon the Whole of their Money expended as Parliament may think right and proper, during the Time and until the necessary Increase of Room be provided for the increased Trade and Shipping of the said Port, and if the Surplus of the said Dock and Quay Revenue granted for this Use, together with the Land given by His Majesty for that Purpose only, were applied to make Room by extending the said Dock, together with "Conveniencies necessary for Shipping and Trade, the Witness conceives the Intention of the said Act would be carried into Effect, and would be of the utmost Advantage to the Public Revenue, and to the Commerce, Navigation, and Manufactures at the said Port, and in me Northern Part of the Kingdom.

Thomas Robinson, Esquire, a Merchant, and George Bramvell, Esquire, Deputy Town Clerk of Hull, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton ana Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to amend Mr. Afaimoaring presented to the House, according Act for better to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made ^♦vfTord'1 Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles Day pre- the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observa-ecnted. " tion of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday And the same was received.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr Leeds: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shelton Infer dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, closure Bill. Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford.; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dunham In. Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole closure BilL Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk', without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to ad* the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning j°urn to next Monday.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition ia Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton favour of under Lyneand Oldham, was presented to the House, ^^erb^nd and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, castbf Field by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making and Canal BilL maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at, or near, Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater at, or near, Castle Field, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Canal Naviga- Petition fop tion from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the additional House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, ^roY*f*°n m pursuant to the Orders of the House, caused the Liverpool several Notices thereby directed to be given, of their CanalNavi-intending to apply to Parliament this present Session gation BilL for an Act to deviate the above-mentioned Canal, and also caused a Plan of such Deviation, and a Book of Reference, to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, pursuant to such Orders; and that in the said Notices the Petitioners also expressed an Intention of applying for Powers in the same Act to make a Navigable Cut or Branch from and out of the said intended Deviation in Habergham Eaves, in the County of Lancaster, into a certain Close of Land in Ighton Hill Park, in the same County, now, or late, occupied by Christopher Tattershall, and the said Branch was also delineated and laid down upon the said Map or Plan, but a small Part of the Land through which the said Branch is intended to be carried was omitted, by mistake, to be set forth in the said Book of Reference; and that a Bill is now depending in the House for making the said Deviation, and, before any Application was made to the House touching such Bill, Application was made to the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers of the Lands through -which the said Branch is intended to be carried; and that the said Branch will not be more than 325 Yards in Length, and would open to a very valuable Coal Mine to the great Benefit of the Owner thereof, the Petitioners, and the Public: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made, for making the said Branch, in the said Bill in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-8 mine

Yorkshire

Woolcomberg

Petition.

Burtry Ford, Alston, and Bumstones Road Bill presented.

Bill for allowing Whale Ships to complete their N° of Men presented.

Militia Pay Bill presented.

Bill for augmenting the Militia, presented.

Accounts of Receipt of Customs and Excise at Lynn; and of N* of Ships which arrived there; ordered.

34 Geo. III. T Martii. 307

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Dun-combe, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in various Parts of this Kingdom, Machines for the Purpose of combing Wool have been, and are, erecting, to the great Detriment, Prejudice, and threatened Ruin, of the Manual Woolcombers; and the Petitioners, aware of the Consequences of so pernicious and destructive a Measure, have ventured, in Conjunction with their Brethren of other Districts, to represent this Grievance to the House: And imploring the Interposition of the House, that so large and useful a Body of People may not be deprived of their Bread, and their Families reduced to a State of Indigence and Beggary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Bumstones, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

not belonging to that Port, and how many of the Ships belonging to the Port of Lynn were built there, and how many were built elsewhere.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Penny upon the BUI for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Post, °n be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wUl please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Bill. Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of die Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-frfth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seoond Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a BUI for augmenting the Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Receipt of His Majesty's Custom Duties, at the Port of Lynn Regis, from the 5th of January 1730 to the 5th of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Receipt of His Majesty's Excise Duties, at the Port of Lynn Regis, from the 5th of January 1730 to the 5th of January 1794; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number of Ships which have arrived at, and discharged their Cargoes at, the Port of Lynn, in each Year, for Seven Years, ending the 5th of January 1794, as also of their Ladings; distinguishing those Ships belonging to Lynn, from those Vol. 49.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the ??.

" Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Ex- **

" portation of British made Spirits from England to " Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited u Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wiU, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Net Produce of Scotch Spirits imported into England, and the Duty thereon remitted from Scotland, for Three Years, ending the 5th January 1793, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.. *

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Monday Duty on Cast Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Plate Glaw whole House, to consider of the Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great Britain. M

Bill for

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Paste- ^for.iD8 board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper,

and committed.

SOS 7° — 10° Mart'n. A. 1794.

Jnstrtiction for allowing a Drawback on printed Books exported.

Bill to regulate the Price for grinding Corn, put off for 6 Months.

Committee on Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

reported.

>re-committed.

and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was read A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Petition in a Second Time. Common Council, of Liverpool, in the County Pala- -favour of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. tine of Lancaster, in Common^Council assembled, was Leeds and Li-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- presented to the House, and readSetting forth,.ThatNavigation mittee of the whole House. the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- depending for deviating and completing the Canal ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, in such a Man-House, upon the said Bill. ner, that a safe and certain Navigable Communica-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- tion may be made to the Towns "of Blackburn, mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the ley, and Colne, and from thence unto the most trading said Bill for allowing a Drawback of Two-pence per and manufacturing Towns in the County of York:

Pound Weight upon Printed Books, either Unbound or And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Bound with any Materials-respectively liable to a Duty Law.

of Excise, which shall be exported by any Person using Ordered, That the' said Petition do lie upon the or exercising the Trade or Business of a Printer or Table.

Bookseller.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Price to be paid to Millers for grinding Com;

A Motion 'was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided. *

r The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Sir Basset, \ R

xeiiers ior uie i eas,®j Rolle r 20.

Mr. John Smyth, I

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. John , > 30:

[ Senior: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle, for.he }4o.

TeUerefor theNoe,^^-. },8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Muncastei' reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Muncaster accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And-the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said JIH1 be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of tfre whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Attendee the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fe^ade* whole House, to consider further of, Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mojrn- Bricks and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tiles addi-House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty Biu deferred certain additional Duties, on Bricks and Tiles made in; or imported into, Great Britain.

Resolved, That this! House will, upon Monday Morn- Glass addi-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tional Duties House, upon the Bill' for granting to His- Majesty cer- Bill deferred, tain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 10° die Martii;

Anno 34® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers. *

A BILL for amending, widening, altering, diverting Rochdale and and improving, the Road leading from the Town Edenfield of Rochdale to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish, Road Bill of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was conMmt read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

1 *

A Bill for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Merer and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Irwell Navi-First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy " and Irwell. navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, conum " in the County Palatine of Lancaster," by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to, Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this

<^.0 ne

34 Geo. III. 10° Martii. 309

Bury and Church Kirk Canal Bill committed.

Petition against read again, referred, and Counsel ordered.

Bukinfield and Loads Knowl Canal Bill passed.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, , in the Parish

of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church , all in the County Palatine of , was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of divers Mills, Factories, and other Waterworks, in the Neighbourhood of Haslingden, in the County of Lancaster, which was presented to the House

upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukirifield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making a Towing Path through Mr. Clarke's Estate.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Alkmond Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according Church Bill to Order, a Bill for taking down and rebuilding the Parish presented. Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County, of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Keevil Id- Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according See.to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open ana Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, presented. Vol. 49.

Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Shilton Inclo-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing sure Bill certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable rePorted* Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Mark Inclo-Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Mark sure Bill Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Com- committed, mon, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hip-pisley Coze, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill" for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract EastHarptnr of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Inclosure Bill Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East comnu Haiptry, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hip-pisley Coze, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Piltonand closing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, NorthWotton lying and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North I°‘*"ure Bill Wotton, in the County of Sotnerset, was read the Third p Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Coze do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Wisbech Na-to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable vigation Bill Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Presente<,>

Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4K Mr.

310

10° MttrfoL

4. ija*.

Tiverton Paving Bill presented.

Tybwm and Uxbridge,&c. Road* Bill

committed.

Petition against the Bill for regulating Watermen, 6lc. on the Thames.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton, in the County of j

And the same was received,; and read the Fixst, Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Bill to continue the Tempo, and enlarge the Powers, of severe! Acts. of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road lead* ing from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Ramoett, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, and of the several Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King the

Third, intituled, "An Act for the Explanation and " better Execution of former Acts made, touching " Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River " Thames, and for the better ordering and governing " the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, " upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor;' and that, in pursuance of the said Act, certain salutary Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, have, from Time to Time, been made for the better Rule and Government of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor, and have been by the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the said Company, proposed to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to be by them examined, altered, and approved, pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided, and particularly, that certain Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, which the Petitioners can produce and shew to the House, and which they trust will appear to tend to the speedy and effectual Administration of Justice, and to Public Utility and Convenience, were proposed to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, on the 20th Day of May 1788, to be by them examined, altered, and approved, but the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen have not hitherto approved, or, as the Petitioners believe, in any way examined or taken Notice of the same; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, already made, and those which have been so proposed, would have proved adequate and effectual, and such as were reasonable and necessary for governing and regulating Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, and have tended to the speedy and effectual Administration of Justice, and been of Public Utility and Convenience, and that such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, may at all Times be carried into Execution and Effect in a -speedy and effectual Manner; and that the Petitioners hove been informed, that a Bill is depending in the rHoose to repeal so much of the said before-mentioned Act, of die Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, and also so much of any other Law or Statute, as empowers the Overseers and Rulers of the said Company to make and execute Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for the Ride and Government of the said

3

Whetryreep^ Waterman, and Lightermen, and to annex Pains and Penalties to the Breach of! such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and to impower tbp Lord Mayoj? and Aldermen of the City, of London. to n^He Such Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for the better Government and Regulation of Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen^ rowing or using any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Ves.sel, upon the said River Thames, betweeen Gravesend apd Windsor, as they shall think fit and necessary;

and the Petitioners submit to the House, that noj Charge of Misconduct or Neglect of Duty, or of wanf of due Attention to the speedy and effectual, Administration. of Justice, or to Public Utility and, Convenience, in the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, or any other Officers or Person^ in whom the Right of suggesting, proposing, of making such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and carrying the same into Effect] hath hitherto been vested, hath or can be proved, and the Petitioners further submit to the House, that great Mischief and Inconvenience may, and probably will, ensue to the Petitioners, and the Public, if the Power of making such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, is vested in Persons not conversant in the Art and Mystery of Watermen and Lightermen; and the Petitioners are further ready to shew to the House, that the Company of Watermen and Lighterrnen consists of Ten thousand Persons, and upwards, a°d that they have, in the Course of this War, furnished near Three thousand Men, and who are now serving the Public, either as impressed Men, or Volunteers, in His Majesty's Navy, and that it appears, by the Rooks of the said Company, that Two hundred and Fifty Apprentices are, on an Average, bound every Year, and that since the Report of the said BUI being depending in the House, divers Persons, who had before entered their Names in the Books of the said Company for binding Apprentices, have taken out their Names, and assigned, as a Reason for doing sq, the Apprehensions which they were under of the said Bill passing into a Law, and the Petitioners are w ell assured, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Numbers of the said Company would be much reduced, to the great Detriment of His Majesty's Navy, and of the Public, in the Loss of such a Nursery for Seamen; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that, by the present Bill, the Fines levied for Offences are proposed to be at the Disposal of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and submit to the House, that great Hardship would arise to the popr, aged, and infirm Watermen and Watermen's Widows, and other Objects jof the Charity of the said Company, who are now greatly supported and relieved by such Fines, in as much as such Fines are always appropriated by the Rulers of the said Company to the Relief of the poor, aged, and infirm Watermen and Watermen's Widows, if such Fines were otherwise appropriated and disposed of: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the ' same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie nppn the Table, until the Bill for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if thpy think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bjll, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnkaple, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forjth, That the Petitioners

Petition in favour of Swansea Canal.

a III.

10t Martii,-

311

tioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for enabling a, Canal or Communication by "Water being made to the Town of Swansea: And praying, That the said Bill may p^ss, into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Preston and An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Inclosure Bill Qp?P Common P^ds, Common Do^ns, Commons, passed. Marshes, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the county of;

and for extinguishing all Right of} Common upon Certain incloseq Lands within the said Manors, was r^d the Third. Tiipe.

Ths Amendments following were seyetally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

' Pr. 1. 1.18. After " Prebend " so insert and " the Reverend Charles Coates, " Clerk, is Vicar of the Parish " of aforesaid, and as

" such entitled to certain Glebe " Lands, and Right of Common " thereto belonging, upon the " same Commonable Lands."

Rr. 30. 1. 11. After " Parish" to insert " for or " in lieu of his Glebe Lands or *< Right of Common."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be> An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in foe County of Dorset, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire th.eir Concurrence.

ind<*ureBiii ^r- Benyon presented to the House, according to presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Opep Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Callicoe Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House*

Printers Bill according to Order, a Rill for amending, and making presented. perpetual, an Act} made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and " Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the " Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited " Time:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Zobel's Nat. Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee to whom Bill reported. gjj for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel, "was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bi}l in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Tolkien's Mr. Blackbumereported from the Committee,

Nat. Bill re- whom foe ingrossed . Bill from foe Lords, intituled, ported and An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien, was commit-Vol.49.

ted; That foe Committee had examined foe Allegations of foe Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any AmendmentAnd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Blackburne reported from foe Committee, to Bergne'sNat. whom the- ingrossed Bill from the Lords,- intituled, B,jJ reP°^fd> An Act for naturalizing John Bergne, was committed; r ' That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at foe Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to foe same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Accounts of suant their Order, Men lost and

N° 1. An Account of Men lost and disabled in His Majesty's Land Service, and Foreign Troops in the Service prepay of Great Britain, serving in Flanders, by Death, sented. Captivity, or otherwise, since the 1st Day of February 1793, as far as the same can be made up from the Returns which have been received at the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department: And also,

N° 2. An Account of Men lost and disabled in His Majesty's Land Service, and Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, serving at Toulon, by Death,

Captivity, or otherwise, since the 1st Day of February 1793, as far as the same can be made up from the Returns which have been received at the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department: And also,

N° 3. An Account of Men lost and disabled in his Majesty's British Land Forces serving on the Continent of Europe, by Death, Captivity, Wounds, Sickness, or Desertion, since the 1st Day of February 1793, as far as the same can be made up from Returns received at the War Office.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by foe Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, Mercera attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the,

" City of London, from the 10th of October 1792 to " the 10th of October 1793, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of foe City " of London;" and the other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the " Third, intituled, "An Act for foe Relief of foe Bond " and other Creditors of foe Wardens and Commonalty of foe Mystery of Mercers of foe City of " London."

And then he withdrew.

And

10° Martii. A. 1794.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for allow- A Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greening Whale land and Whale Fishery, to complete their foil Num-S£tTtheirm' *5er Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Number of Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Men com- Time.

mitted. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for aug- A Bill for augmenting the Militia, was, according to monting the Order, read a Second Time.

M-'t£irCOni" Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mi te ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Duty on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Glass. to consider of the Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Attornies Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Duties Bill the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill reported, and for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on recommit- indentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Cotanjittee of the whole House.

tlesolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bricks and to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, Tiles addi- upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi-uonal Duties tional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, made in, or imported 1 ' into, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Conl-mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post, was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands, was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the l ith day of February last, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cases," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act made in me last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cases:" And mat Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House a Copy of such Parts of the Books of Adjournal or Criminal Records of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, as contain the Libel or Indictment, the Verdict, and Judgment in the Case of Thomas Muir, Esquire, Younger, of Hunter shill, who was tried before the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, on the 30th and 31st Days of August 1793.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act declaring 'the Rights and

" Liberties

Penny Post Regulation Bill reported.

Jersey and Guernsey Postage Bill reported.

Order for Bill respecting Aliens discharged, and another Bill ordered.

Motions respecting Mr. Muir Neg.

34 Geo. III.

10" Martii.

313

Tellers for the Yeas,{"r'

3«-

171.

" Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession " of the Crown," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of such Parts of the Books of Adjournal or Criminal Records of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, as contain the Libel or Indictment, the Verdict, and Judgment, in the Case of Thomas Muir, Esquire, Younger, of Huntershill, who was tried before the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, on the 30th and 31st Days of August 1793;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Sheridan: }

{The Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Anstruther:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, any Minutes containing the Objections made by the said Thomas Muir to the Jury, or any of the Jurors, appointed to be the Jury to try the said Thomas Muir on the 30th and 31st of August 1793, and the Judgment or Decision of the Court on such Objections;

It passed in the Negative.

A'Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, the Warrant or other Instrument of Commitment to Prison, whereby one William Muir, a Witness called by the Prosecutor in the said Prosecution, was committed to Prison, or any Minute whereby the Cause and Term of his Commitment to Prison appears; *

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, the Warrant or other Instrument of Commitment to Prison, whereby one John Russell, a Witness called upon the Part of the Pannel (i. e. the Defendant) Thomas Muir in the said Prosecution, was committed to Prison, or any Minute whereby the Cause or Term of his Commitment to Prison appears; 1

It passed in the Negative

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, any Record or Minute, whereby the Evidence for or against the said Thomas Muir was admitted or rejected, and the Grounds or Reasons of such Admission or Rejection by the Court of Justiciary;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to express to His Majesty the peculiar Satisfaction with which His Majesty's faithful Commons have always contemplated that Security which His Majesty's Subjects possess of applying, in the last Resort, to His Majesty's Justice and Mercy:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave to represent to His Majesty, that His Royal Clemency is called forth and exercised, with peculiar Propriety, in Cases where there may be just Reason to doubt either the strict Legality or the sound Discretion which should always dictate the Sentence of a Court of Justice:

That if, within the Limits of British Jurisdiction, such a Case shall have arisen, His Majesty's faithful Commons think it their bounden Duty humbly to call His Majesty's Royal Attention and Consideration to it, that His Majesty may, with that Benignity which distinguishes His Character, extend His Mercy and Justice to those who suffer under it:

His Majesty's faithful Commons, deeply impressed with these Considerations, beg Leave humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, on the 30th and 31st of August 1793, Thomas Muir, Esquire, by the De-Vo l. 4g.

signation of Thomas Muir, Esquire, Younger, of Huntershill, was tried, before the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, for certain Crimes and Offences, corresponding to those Crimes and Offences which, by the Law of England, are denominated Misdemeanors: That the said Thomas Muir, being found guilty by the Verdict of a Jury, was sentenced and adjudged, by the Court, to be transported beyond Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years, and to suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if he should be found at large in Great Britain within the said Term:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave further to represent to His Majesty, that the Prosecution against the said Thomas Muir did originate in the said High Court of Justiciary, which is the highest Court of Criminal Judicature in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and they beg Leave further humbly to represent, that it has been determined by the House of Lords, in its Judicial Capacity, that there can be no Review, by any superior Tribunal, of the Judgments or Sentences of the said Court:

That His Majesty's faithful, Commons, having taken the Circumstances here set forth, and the Case of the said Thomas Muir, into their most serious Consideration, beg Leave humbly, but earnestly, to represent to His Majesty, that great and serious Doubts have been excited, by the Proceedings and Sentence in the said Cause, touching the Legality of the same, and that such Doubts have extended themselves, and do still exist, in the Minds of His Majesty's faithful Commons. That the Crime for which the said Thomas Muir was indicted, and of which he is found Guilty, is a Crime known in the Law of Scotland under the Appellation of Leasing-making, which Crime of Leasing-making is defined and understood, in the Law of that Country, to be, uttering Words, or publishing Matter, tending to breed Discord between the Ring and His People. That, by a Statute passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " anent (concerning) Leasing-making and Slanders," it is enacted, " That whereas the Crimes thereinmentioned" [meaning the Crimes mentioned in certain recited Acts of Parliament against ]

" are made Capital, and punishable by Death and " Confiscation, and that the said Laws have been " liable to Stretches, and that, in respect of the " Generality, and the various Constructions which " the same may admit, they may be, as to the " aforesaid Capital Punishment, of dangerous Consequence; doth therefore, with Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, abrogate and " annul, in all Time coming, the foresaid Sanction " and Pain of Death and Confiscation contained in the said Act: And statutes and ordains, that the " Punishment of the Crimes therein-mentioned shall, " for hereafter, only be arbitrary, according to the " Demerit of the Transgressor, that is, by Fining " Imprisonment, or Banishment; if the Party Offender " be poor, and not able to pay a Fine, then to be " punished in his Body, Life and Limb always preserved

Yet the said Court, in respect of the Verdict against the said Thomas Muir, ordered and adjudged, " The " said Thomas Muir to be transported beyond Seas,

" to such Place as His Majesty, with the Advice of " His Privy Council shall declare and appoint, and " that for the Space of Fourteen Years from that Date; " with Certification to him, if, after being transported, " he shall return to, and be found at large within, any " Part of Great Britain, during the said Fourteen Years,

" without some lawful Cause, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he shall suffer Death, as in Cases " of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Law of " England:"

4 L His

314 10° Martii. 1794.

His M&je&ty's fastHfiil Coritlraons beg teiVe huittbty of that sound Discretion which all Courts of Justice to represent^ That the Punishment, indicted by the ought to exercise in Discharge of that most important said Sentence on the said Thdmds Afttir, seems to Part of their Duty, the infliction of orbitraiy Punish- them greatly to exceed, in Severity, that which is ap- ments; in as much as the Punishment of Transporta-propriated to his Offence by the above-mentioned tion for Fourteen Years, with Certification of Death Statute of Queen Anne, in as much as the Sentence if the Party should return, appears to be greatly dis-inflicts the Punishment of Transportation, and that for proportioned to the Offence, which amounts only to a Period of Fourteen Years, With Certification of a Misdemeanor, and is greatly aggravated by the hu-Death if he returns; while the Statute annuls the Pain radiating Circumstances attending the Transportation of Death, and substitutes that of Firiin'g,. imprison- to the Place to which the said Thomas is to be ment, or Banishment, under which Term of jWi&h- sent, and the Misery with which hb Residence them must ment a Sentence of Transportation cannot be lawfully be attended:

included: His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave hum-

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg -Leave farther bW to represent to His Majesty, that the Law of humbly to represent, that, great Public Mischief and England admits of no sufch Punishment as Transporta-Private Oppression being the necessary Result of aH tion for such an Offence, thfe ordinary Punishment of such Stretches of Penal Law, it became the Duty of which is Fine or Imprisonment; and that it may be His Majesty's faithful Commons humbly to represent thfe attended with very pernicious Consequences, to have same to His Majesty, thfet His Majesty may, in HiS one Measure of Punishment for Crimes against the Wisdom and Justice, avert the Evils likely to ferise State or Government in one Part of the Island, and therefrom: another in the other, whilst the same Executive and

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave farther Legislative Government extend equally to both: And humbly to entreat His Majesty to extend His Royal His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave humbly to Clemency to the said Thomas Muir, in as far as it can Represent, that, in the Consideration of the Punishment be made to appear, that a greater Latitude of Proof of such Crimes, the Measure of Punishment in England was admitted against the said Thomas Muir, under the might have formed a sound and unerring Guide for the general Allegation of his being guilty Art and Part Decision of the Court of Justiciary in the Exercise of [by which is meant, guilty as Accessary to die Crimes their Discretion:

Charged] than is warranted under the Operation of the That His Majesty's faithful Commons, under the Statute of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1592, Circumstances here represented, have Reoourse to the intituled, "An Act concerning the Relevancie of LibelleS Royal Lenity to secure Efficacy to the Law of Engin Cases criminal," or can be justified upon any sound land, and to mitigate the Severity of that of Principle of Jurisprudence: land:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave farther Under these Impressions, His Majesty's faithfitl humbly to beseech His Majesty to extend His Royal Commons do most earnestly implore His Majesty Clemency to the said Thomas Muir, in as far as it can to take into His Royal Deliberation the various Re-be made to appear, that there were Grounds of Chal- presentations herein humbly set forth; and, in Con-, lenge, which may be deemed legal, proposed to all or sideration thereof, graciously to exercise His Royal some of the Jurors nominated and appointed to try the Mercy towards the said Thomas Muir, by relieving him said Thomas Afuir, which Grounds of Challenge were from the Severity of the Sentence under which he now over-ruled by the said Court of Justiciary: labours;

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave farther It passed in the Negative, humbly to entreat His Majesty to extend His Royal

Clemency to the said Thomas Muir, in as much as it A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion recan be made to appear, that a Person of the Name of That there be laid before this House, a Copy of such sp«cting Mr. "William Muir, a Witness summoned for the Prosecution, Parts of the Books of Adjournal or Criminal Records p'4*jner-was committed tb Gaol for having refused, upon a con- of the Circuit Court of Perth, in Scotland, as contain scientious and religious Scruple, to take the Oath; and the Libel or Indictment, the Verdict, and Judgment, in was told by the Prosecutor, as well as by the Court, that the Case of the Reverend Thomas Palmer, who perpetual Irriprisbnment must his the Consequence, if he was tried before the said Circuit Court of Perth, On the should persevere in his Objection: 12th and 13th Days of September 1793;

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave farther It passed in the Negative,

humbly to entreat His Majesty to extend His Royal A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Clemency to the said Thomas Afuir, in as much as it can That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, he made to appear, that a Person of the Name of John humbly to express to His Majesty the peculiar Satisfac-Russell, U Withess called by the said Thomas Muir in tion with which His Majesty's faithful Commons have his Defence, was committed for supposed Prevarication, always contemplated that Security which His Majesty's in putting to him the Questions usually put to Witnesses Subjects possess of applying, in the last Resort, to His In Scotland previous to their being examined, and the Majesty's Justice and Mercy:

possible Benefit of his Evidence refused to the said His Majesty's faithful Commons bee Leave to repre-Thomas Muir, by not submitting it to the Consideration sent to His Majesty, that His Royal Clemency is called of the Jury, who are alonfe competent to jbdge of the forth and exercised, with peculiar Propriety, in Cases Credibility of Witnesses, and reserving to the Con- where there may be just Reason todoubt either the strict elusion of his Examination any Punishment or Animad- ‘Legality or the sound Discretion which should always version that his Conduct or 'Demeanbr as a Witness dictate the Sentence of a Court of Justice: might deserve. That if, within the Limits of British Jurisdiction, such

And His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave *a Case shall have arisen, His Majesty's faithful Corn-farther humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, mons think it their bounden Duty humbly to call His independent of the preceding Considerations,' there are Majesty's Royal Attention and Consideration to it, that strong Reasons to induce His Majesty to exterid His "His Majesty may, with that Benignity which distinguishes Royal Clemency to the said Thomas 'Afuir ;because, cHis-Character, extend His Mercy and Justice to those even if the La\v of Scotland vested the Judges 'with' the who suffer under it:

Discretion of passing the Judgment whifch 'they have His Majesty's faithful Commons, deeply impressed pronounced, that Judgment seems to'His Majesty's ‘with ' these Considerations, beg Leave humbly tb refaithful Commons, upon a due Consideration and present to His Majesty, that, on the 12th and 13th of Comparison of similar Cases, to exceed the Bounds "September 1793, the Reverend Thomas Fyshe Palmer was

34 Geo. III. 10° MartiL 315

tm tried, before the Circuit Court at Perth, for certain Crimes and Offences, corresponding to those Crimes and Offences which, by die Law of ,ere deno-

minated Misdemeanors: That the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer, being found guilty by the Verdict off n July, was sentenced and adjudged, by the Court, to be transported beyond Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years, and to suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if he should be found at large in Great Britain within the said Term:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave further to represent to His Majesty, that the Prosecution against Thomas Fyshe Palmer did originate in the said Circuit Court of Justiciary, which is a supreme Court of Criminal Judicature in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and they beg Leave further humbly to represent, that it has been determined by the House of- Lords, in its Judicial Capacity, that there can be no Review, by any superior Tribunal, of the Judgments or Sentences of the said Court:

That His Majesty's faithful Commons, having taken the Circumstances here set forth, and the Case of the said Thomas Fyshe Palmerinto their most serious

Consideration, beg Leave humbly, but earnestly, to represent to His Majesty, that great and serious Doubts have been excited, by the Proceedings and Sentence in the said Cause, touching the Legality of the same, end that such Doubts have extended tnenselyes, and do still exist, in the Minds of His Majesty's faithful Commons. That the Crime for which the said Thoma? Fyshe Palmer was indicted, and of which he is found Guilty, is a Crime known in the Law of Scotland under 'the Appellation of Leasing-makin, which Crime of Leasing-making is defined and understood, in the Law x>f that Country, to be, uttering Words, or publishing Matter, tending to breed Discord between the King ana His People: That, by*a.Statute passed in the Parliar ment of Scotland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act anent (concerning)

" Leasing-making and Slanders," it is enacted, " That,

" whereas the Crimes therein mentioned" [meaning the Crimes mentioned in certain recited Acts of Parliament against Leasing-making] " are made Capital, and

" punishable by Death and Confiscation, and that " the said Laws have been liable to Stretches, and " that, in respect of the Generality, and the various " Constructions which the same may admit, they may " be, as to the aforesaid Capital Punishment, of dangerous Consequence; doth therefore, with Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, abrogate and annul, in all Time coming, the aforesaid Sanction and Pain of Death and Confiscation contained " in the said Act: And statutes, and ordains, that " the Punishment of the Crimes therein mentioned " shall, for hereafter, only be arbitrary, according to " the Demerit of the Transgressor, that is, by Fining,

" Imprisonment, or Banishment; if the Party Offender be poor, and not able'to pay a Fine, then " to be punished in his Body, Life and Limb always " preserved:"

Yet the said Court, in respect of the Verdict against the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer, ordered and adjudged,

" The said Thomas Fyshe Palmer be transported beyond Seas, to such Place as His Majesty, with the " Advice of His Privy Council, shall declare and appoint, and that for the Space of Seven Years from " that Date; with Certification to him, if, after being " transported, he shall return to, and be found at large " withiD, any Part of Great Britain during the said " Fourteen Years, without some lawful Cause, and be " thereof lawfully convicted, he shall suffer Death, as in " Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the " Law of England:"

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave humbly Vol. 49,

to represent, That the Punishment, inflicted by the said Sentence on the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer, seems to them greatly to exceed, in Severity, that which is appropriated to his Offence by the above-mentioned Statute of Queen Anne, in as much as the Sentence inflicts the Punishment of Transportation, and that for a Period of Seven years, with Certification of Death if he returns; while the Statute annuls the Pain of Death, and substitutes that of Fining, Imprisonment, and Banishment, under which Term of Banishment a Sentence of Transportation cannot he lawfully included:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave farther humbly to represent, that great Public Mischief and Private Oppression being the necessary Result of all such Stretches of Penal Law, it hecame the Duty of His Majesty's faithful Commons humbly to represent the same to His Majesty, that His Majesty may, in His Wisdom and Justice, avert the Evils likely to arise therefrom:

And His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave further humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, independent of the preceding Consideration, there are strong Reasons to induce His Majesty to extend His Royal Clemency to the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer; because, even if the Law of Scotland vested the Judges with the Discretion of passing the Judgment which they have pronounced, that Judgment seems to His Majesty's faithful Commons, upon a due Consideration and Comparison of similar Coses, to exceed the Bounds of that sound. Discretion which all Courts of Justice ought to exercise in Discharge of that most important Part of their Duty, the Infliction of arbitrary Punishment; in as much as the Punishment of Transportation for Seven Years, with Certification of Death if the Party should return, appears to he greatly dis-proportioned to the Offence, which amounts only to a Misdemeanor, and is greatly aggravated by the humiliating Circumstances attending the Transportation to the Place to which the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer is to be sent, and the Misery with which his Residence there must be attended:

His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave humbly to represent to His Majesty, that the Law of England admits of no such Punishment as Transportation for such an Offence, the ordinary Punishment of which is Fine or Imprisonment; and that it maybe attended with very pernicious Consequences, to have one Measure of Punishment for Crimes against the State or Government in one Part ,of the Island, and another in the other, whilst the same Executive and Legislative Government extends equally to both: And His Majesty's faithful Commons beg Leave humbly to represent, that, in the Consideration of the Punishment of such Crimes, the Measure of Punishment in England might have formed a sound and unerring Guide for the Decision of the Court of Justiciary in the Exercise of their Discretion:

That His Majesty's faithful Commons, under the Circumstances here represented, can only have Recourse to the Royal Lenity and Justice to secure Efficacy to the Law of England, and to mitigate the Severity of that of Scotland:

Under these Impressions, His Majesty's faithful Commons do most /earnestly implore His Majesty tp take into.His Royal Deliberation the various Matters herein humbly get forth; and, in Consideration thereof, -graciously to exercise His Royal Mercy towards the said Thomas Fyshe Palmer, by relieving him from the Severity of the Sentence under which he now labours;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The

Committed to sit.

316 10° — 12° Martii. A. 1794.

Report «n Scotch Distillery Act deferred.

Bill for altering the Duties on Paper &c. deferred.

Way* and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

he other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in <l Scotland, and the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits Ki from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to " England, for a limited Time," he received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Martii;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making a Navigable Canal from or near porthywaii

Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanyblodwell, and New-in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the ^wn>^ County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Owen,

Mr. Keene, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Compton In-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and closure Bill Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and rePorted* Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,' and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Certain Peti- rT'HE House was moved, That the Petition of the tions referred X Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal e^LtaXand Navigation; and also, the Petition of Owners and LiverpeolCa- Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, nal Naviga- upon and near to the Line of the Lancaster Canal Nation Bill, and vigation, commencing at Kirkby Kendal, in the County dered °r" Westmorland, and ending at West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster', and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lancaster-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lancaster, which were severally presented to the House, upon the 17th and 27th Days of February last, and the 5th Day of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the ' Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed, in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said ' Canal Navigation, is committed; and that the Petitioners

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Shilton In-certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Hieronimus Hein- Zobel's Nat rich Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel, P888®1*

was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Marston from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, and to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in Ticknall, &c. the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same Canal Bill from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at - committed. nail, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

34 Geo. III.

12° Martii.

317

Long Bennington and Foeton Inclosure Bill presented.

Welland Drainage and Navigation Petition reported.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Penn Assheton Ctirzon, c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and also on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Land in the several Parishes of Spalding, Pinchbeck,

Gosberton, Sutterton, Fosdyke, and Quadring, and in certain Places called Quadring Hundred, Deeping inclosed Fen, Deeping Common, Crowland Common, otherwise Goggushland, Cowbitt Common, Langtoft Common, Boston Common,- Spalding Common, and Pinchbeck Common, and also of other Lands, called Cowbitt Wash, and Crowland Fodder Lots and Wash, all in the said County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation and Drainage Bills, and to Bills -for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee nad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Maxwell being examined, said, That the Outfall of the Waters of the River Welland is very defective, and the Navigation thereby is much impeded, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the River being too wide, between a certain Place called Shepherd's Hole, in the said Parish of Surfleet, and the Junction of the Waters of the said River Welland with the Waters of the River Witham, in the said County; and that certain Parts of the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, are subject to be Overflowed by the Downfall of Rain thereon, and also by Upland Waters, and are greatly injured by the said Downfall and Upland Waters not having a proper Passage to the Sea: — And being further examined, he said, That in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the said Navigation, it is necessary that the present Channel of the said River Welland should be cleansed, from a certain Place called The Reservoir, to the said Hole,

and that a Dam should be made across the said Channel, and a new River or Cut, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made to commence below the said Shepherd's Hole, and to continue from thence, down to IVyberton Roads, in the Parish of Wyberton, in the said County, between the Port of Boston, and a certain Place called Boston Scalp; and that for the Convenience of Passengers, it is necessary that a Bridge should be built over tile said New River or Cut, at or near Fosdyke Inn, in the said Parish of Fosdyke.

And the Witness added, That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken and made, it appears, that a Cut or River as above described, may be made, and that the making thereof, with such other Works as may be found requisite to attain the Ends above described, would be highly Vol. 49.

beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in the Places above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Spalding, in the said County, and of the adjacent Country; and that the Expence of making such a Cut or River, and other Works, and also of budding the said Bridge, may with great Ease and Convenience be provided for by Means of a Tax upon the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage or Duty on Goods, Wares, ana Merchandizes navigated on the said Cut or River, and by a Toll to be taken for Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, passing over the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and Open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, betweep the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp*, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut:

And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the same. ‘

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Additional whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Canal L^dsw,dLi Navigation, from Leeds to Liverpool, was referred; verpoolCanal That the Committee had examined, and found that Navigation the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Na- Bill reported, vigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed - him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robet't Whitworth, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That it is practicable to make a Navigable Cut or Branch, as described in the Petition, and which will not extend more than 325 Yards in Length; and that the same will open a Communication to a very valuable Coal Mine, to the very great Benefit of the Owner thereof, to the said Proprietors, and to the Public.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same, and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a Navigable Branch from and out of the said intended Deviation at, or near, the East End of the deep Cutting which will be therein, in Habergham Eaves, into a certain Close of Land in Ightonhill Park, in the said County of Lancaster, now, or late, occupied by Christopher Tattersall.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Leeds, Brad-whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put ford, and in Execution the several Acts of Parliament passed for p^"p^c' making, repairing, amending, and enlarging the Roads reported, thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

4 M Orders

Kington Roads Bill reported.

Swansea Canal Bill presented.

St. Martin's Stamford Baron, Oundle, &c. Roads Petitions, reported.

318 12° Martii. A. 1794.

Orders of the Honae, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with { apd that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at die Clerks Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty 6 Reign, intituled, "An Act for altering and " enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament " therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the " repairing and amending of the Roads leading from " Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through " Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads " called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the " West Riding of the County of York," was read: And,

Mr. John Hardy being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but the said Roads cannot be amended ana kept in Repaid, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the " Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and " amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through " Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and " Wibsey^ to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling " Lane and Little Horton Lane-, in the West Riding of

" the County of York And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County, and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Watkin Leaves presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of in the County of Brecon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom

die Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the

a

County of Northampton; and felso, the Petition of Henry Duke of Buccteueh, and James Earl of Cardigan, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, through the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places of Saint Martin Stamford Baron aforesaid, and of Worthop, Easton, Collyweston, Duddington, Wa Laxton,

Blatherwick, Bulwick, Deen Thorpe, and Weldon, all in the said County, to Weldon aforesaid; and also, the Road from Oundle, through the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places of Oundle, Biggen, Benefield, Weldon, Corby, Cottingham, and Middleton, to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton aforesaid; and also, the Road leading from Weldon aforesaid, to Kettering, all in the said County of Northampton, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and very dangerous to Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the ' Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act wras read: And,

Mr. Edward Randall, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined said, That a considerable Debt hath been contracted in the'Execution of the said Act: That divers Works, necessary to be done to complete the requisite Improvements in the said Town, still remaifi unfinished, and cannot be executed, nor can the said Debt be discharged, without the further Aid of Parliament. — And he added, That the said Act is in several Respects defective, and it is necessary, for carrying the same into complete Execution, that several of the Provisions and Directions thereof should be altered, amended, and explained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better paving,

" cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for

" removing

Cambridge Paving, &<* Petition reported.

Sen Navigation Bill munitted.

Bill to amend the River Trent Navigation Act presented.

Petition respecting the Application for Hull Docks Bill.

Petitions in favour of Swansea Canal Bill.

34 GeO. III. 12° Martii. 319

" removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoy* " ances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and " other Passages, within the said TownAnd that Mr. Dickins and the Marquis of Worcester, do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Bill to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the River Trent Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, a Legal Quay has been made at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, with a Dock large enough to receive the Shipping trading to the Port at that Time, but, in Consequence of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which has since taken place, the said Dock has become greatly insufficient for the Accommodation thereof, and the Trade of the Country is much injured by the want of Dock Room at the said Port; and that not only an Extension of the Wet Dock at Hull, but also an Entrance thereinto direct from the River Humber, is absolutely necessary, the present Passage to the Dock and Quay, through the long narrow River or Haven of Hull, being frequently blocked up by the Ships to and from Foreign Voyages, Coastwise, River Craft, and Rafts of Timber, so that Goods sent down for Exportation, as well as all imported Goods, frequently meet with the most disadvantageous Delay thereby; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for Relief in the Premises: And therefore praying, That the House will take into Consideration the present Restriction, Loss, and Delay, hereby occasioned to the Trade and Manufacture connected with the Port of Hull, and especially to the Trade carried on upon the said River Trent, which communicates with the said Port, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Brecon: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the

Vox,. 49.

Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan,

into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon: And praying, That the said Bill

may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, accord' Thomham ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, exchang- Inclosure Bill ing, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Presentod-Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thomham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Mutray reported from the Committee, to Weymouth whom the Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of and Mel-himself and others, was Referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing tio® sported. Orders of the House, relative to Aqueduct Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Meniber present informed your Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, labour under very great Inconvenience for Want of a good Supply of fresh Water:

And,

Mr. John King being examined, said, That the Petitioners are in Possession of a Stream of pure, wholesome, good Water, which they are willing at their own Expence to convey to the said Town; which will be of great Public Utility, by supplying the Inhabitants, and the Shipping resorting to the Port.

— Then,

Mr. Thomas Bryer, the Petitioner, being examined, said, That he is willing to accept the Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Dorset, with Water: And that Sir James Murray and Sir George Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Wendover mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands Inclosure Bill and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wen- comm'w*d-doves', in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barker Church, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Woolcombers of the County Durham of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Woolcombers Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine Peut, on-for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour in an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners, that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir

320

12" Martii. A. 1794

Tuddenham Sir Charles Banbury reported from the Committee, inclosure Bill to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-reported. mon Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk, was committed;. That the Committee had examined, and found That the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 17, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of £. 668. 7 s.6d.; and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bartry Ford, A Bill for altering, repairing, and widening the Alston, and Road from Bur try Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Wilbraham, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerbt/ Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the Rivers Roach, Irwell, and Irk, and their Feeders; and also, the Petition of the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Land Owners, of the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Hannah Butterworth, of Butterworth, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, Widow; and also, the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate upon the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the Three first-mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Two last mentioned Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-. ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (O) being severally' read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Burnstones Road Bill committed.

Sowerby Bridge and Castle Field Canal Bill reported.

Clause (O) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, for returning Water to the Rivers Irk, Roach, Irwell, and Colder, in lieu of that which may be interrupted by the Canal, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, {. } 42-

So it was resolved in die Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall authorize the Duke of Bridgewater to take any other Toll than he now may, by any Act already passed, except upon Goods navigated on his Canal, unless the same shall be loaded on some Wharf (except in Manchester) now belonging to him, or hereafter to be made on the Line of his Canal.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I Mr* Thomas Stanley, \

1 ellers for the teas, |Mr: } 2g‘

Tellers for the Noes, {. } 44-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing therein contained shall prevent any Person from using the Duke of 's Canal and

Wharfs as at present.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Reservoirs on Blackstone Edge, for supplying the Canal with Water.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { H^f"koghton.} 19-

Tellers for the Noes, 40.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Preservation of Springs.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing the Company of Proprietors to take a Lease of Manchester School Mills, and to renew the Lease from Time to Time, at the Option of the Feoffees.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant March.

Resolved,

Hall Docks Bill presented.

34 Geo. III.

12° Martii.

321

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on re-com- itself into a Committee of the whole Housed to consider

niesDutim*" farther of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Bill. Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the

Admission of Solicitors or Attornies in tiny of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Scotch Distil Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-lery Act ferred, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation " of British-me.de Spirits from England to Scotland, " and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties charged by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of " made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from " Scotland to England, for a limited Time," be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surplus of the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Pounds, being the Average Yearly Produce of the Rates and Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits, and upon Licences for distilling Spirits in Scotland, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

committee The House according to Order, resolved itself into Messrs, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Grace's vest*n§ *n Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas

«ignees*BiLL Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien, and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the B31 be ingrossed.

Penny Post Regulati*

ion

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny

Bill passed. waa read the Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that die Title Vpt. 49.

be, An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Rates of Postage for Jersey and the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great pUern8eLII Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and p"n^e 1 within those Islands, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Bill for allowing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in& Whale House, upon the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete N° of Men their foil Number of Men at certain Ports in the deferred.

Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report on whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the p.uty Caat Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great deferred. Britain, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bricks and the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His ^^a^(je3 Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles 3°]} deferred, made in, or imported into, Great Britain, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for alter-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fog the Duties upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, jnfPf^r,&c' Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, e and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordet'ed, Thfit the Order of the Day, for the House Glasa addi-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tional Duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- deferre<1, tional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Rir, from the Account of Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was ^eceiPt . called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, sented.

An Account of the Total Receipt of His Majesty's

4 N Excise

322 12°~~13° Martii. A. 1794.

Excise Duties, at the Port of Lynn Regis, iron) the 5th of July 1730 to the 5th of July 1793; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The spid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Counsel fur- The other Order of the Day being read, for the further heard on ther Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving uh? KiiT's tk* Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of Lynn Drain- the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and age Bill. the I<aw hands adjoining, or near to, rite said Levels;

as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Stunt Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in foe County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Lym Regis, in the County of Norfolk; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons thereunder-named, Owners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the County of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates there; and also, for the Petition of the several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying of foe East Side of foe River Ouze, examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, and also of foe Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lynn.

And then foe Counsel for and against foe Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That foe further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill he adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of foe Clock.

Javis, 13° die;

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Praters.

Report Wool- A/TR. Bastard reported from the Committee, to combers Pe- XVA whom foe several Petitions presented to this tit'on. House in this Session of Parliament from the Wool-combers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, were refemd; That the Committee had examined the Matter of foe said Petitions, and had directed him to report foe same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report In his Place$ and afterwards delivered k m at

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followefo; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Daniel Baker being examined, said. He is a Wool-comber, and lives at Exeter, and was brought up to the Trade. — And being asked, Whether it was customary for Persons brought up in that Trade to serve an Apprenticeship? he said, Yes, for Seven Years; and that foe eldest Son of a Woolcorober is entitled to learn the Trade of his Father, without being regularly bound. — And being asked, Whether the Trade required Seven Years Apprenticeship? he said, He conceived it did, to do the Master justice. — And being asked, Whether a Boy who is brought up to the Combing Branch of the W'oollen Manufactory can turn hie Hand to any of the other Branches ? he said, No; he serves an Apprenticeship to that, and to no other Branch, and cannot turn his Hand, or get his Bread, in any other. — And being asked, Whether there was any Regulation among the Woolcombers, with respect to the Number of Apprentices taken? he said, No limited Regulation. — And being asked, What had been the Usage5 he said, Two was the general Rule; the Reason was, to prevent the Trade being overstocked with Hands. — And being asked, Whether he could form any Idea what Number of Hands were employed in the County of he

said, He could not. — -And being asked, Whether he ever saw One of those Machines mentioned in the Petitions? he said, He had, and it was worked by Water. — And being asked, How many Hands were employed in foe Combing of foe Wool? he said, One Man, and Four or Five Children; he saw it at Work, and it appeared to him to be folly employed. — And being asked, Whether he cquld form any Judgment what Quantity of Work might be done by that Machine in any given Time ? he said, As much as Thirty Men could do: The Machine he saw was at Twertom, neat Bath; and that there is great Difficulty in seeing those Machines. — And,

William Eales being examined, said, That he is a WqoleQB&ber, and lives at Plymouth; and was brought up to the Trade by a regular Apprenticeship. — And being asked, Whether there had been any Machines brought into his Neighbourhood? he said, He had seen One at Twer ton, and that he worked at the Combing Trade at Twerton, with the same Master to whom the Machine belonged; it was worked by Water, and that Eleven Children, and One Man as Overseer, were employed at it; the Children were Boys and Girls, some Nine Years of Age, and the oldest about Sixteen; Eleven were employed by Day, and Seven by Night; and that Two Parts of the Machine are necessarily employed double the Space of Time foe Third is, which is foe Reason of their working at Night. — And being asked, Whether any other Men were employed at these Machines ? he said, No, none employed hut as Overseers; he bed Four of his own Children employed at this Manufactory, and that One of them was occasionally employed at foe Machine. — And being asked. What Quantity of Wool the Machine would work within the How? he said, When it went through the last Frame, the finishing' Frames it would clear out Eighteen Pounds an Hour; he had seen a great deal after it came out of foe Frame, and it was worked nearly as well as if it was worked by Hands, in foe old Way. — And being asked. How long a good Workman in the Woolcombing Trade would be* in completely working and finishing off Eighteen Pounds of Wool? he said. Thirty Hours, for One of the best Hands; whe*d there is One can do it in that Time, there are Ten cannot, and that it was very hard Work: And foe Witness said, That a Boy^must have served a great Part of his Time before he is able to be put to the Combs. — And being asked, When he saw the Machine ok Twerton ? he- said,

8 Just

34 Geo. III. 13 M 323

Just before last Whitsuntide. — And being asked, How he

came to go from Plymouth to Tuxrton? ne said, To seek Work; and that he was employed by Mr. Samuel Paul Bamford; and that there was no Machine there when he first went; that Mr. Bamford had a large Trade, and that he, the Witness, thought himself settled there for some Time, and took a House, and sent for his Family from Plymouth. — And being asked, Whether it is usual to go from Place to Place to seek for Employment? he said, It was, and that their Clubs or^ Societies subsist them till they get Work. Mr. Bamford had Twenty Hands when lie first went, and told him he should have Employment for Sixty or Seventy Hands in the Course of a few Months: He, the Witness, went to settle at Twe)'ton last December Twelvemonth. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Bamford did employ that additional Number of Hands that he said he should ? he said, No; Mr. Bamford went into the North, and at his Return, instead of employing an additional Number, as he said he should, he turned all off, except Seven, and that he was One of those Seven; and that Six out of the Seven had Families, which were employed in the Manufactory; and that about Six Weeks after the Dismissal of those Persons the Machine came, and was set to Work about the latter End of February 1793.- — And being asked, What Sort of Wool was worked in that Machine? he said, English Wool; that they work the same Wool by that Machine as they do by Hand, called Combing Wool, and no other; he did not know whether it would work any other Kind of Wool, but at the Time he knew it no other than the Long Combing Wool was worked by it — Aijd being asked, Whether the Societies support the Woolcomtiers when out of Work? he said, Yes; he knew they did in the Counties of Somerset and Devon. — And being asked, Whether there are any Number of Wool-combers who do not belong to the Societies ? he said, There are some, but not One out of One hundred that does not belong to sprue Society. — And being asked, Whether the Children are discharged from the Combing Machine when they arrive at the Age of Seventeen or Eighteen? he said, Yes; they must be, because the Benefit of the Machine depends upon being worked by Children. — -'And being asked, How he was employed during the Time he continued with Mr. Bamford after he brought the Machine ? he said, In combing Wool in the common Way, as likewise the other Six Persons before-mentioned; he was turned away by the Engineer; he knows there are Three of the Six mentioned still employed there in the common Way. — And,

Mr. Joseph Jennings being examined, said, He is a Worsted Manufacturer, and lives in the City of London; he knows the different Sorts of Wool used in this Country, and that there is a Sort of Wool called Long Wool, that is selected from the Short for the sole Purpose of being combed. — And being asked, Whether that Wool is selected from Wool the Growth of this Country? he said, Yes; that there is some Wool imported, but it is not strong enough for combing; besides, it is so dear, it would not answer the Purpose; that there is nothing but English Wool combed, for Foreign Wools would not answer. — And being asked, What has been the Effect of the Machines already erected upon the Woolcombipg Business? he said, He went to a Woolstapler's last January to ask the Price of Wools, and he (the Woolstapler) asked him a Price which he thought too deat'; the Reply was, that be bad unlimited Orders for any Quantity from Davis and Hawxky's for these Machines: He (the Witness) went into, the Warehouse, and was shewn, different Sorts of Wool that was then throwing oven for that Machine, and that all the best and prime was Wool picked from the Fleeces. — And being asked, What Quantity of Noyle would be produced from Vol. 49.

Twelve Pounds of Wool ? he said, He could not answer to a Certainty, but on the Average about Three Quarters of a Pound. — And being asked, Whether any other but English Wool is fit for the Purpose of Combing ? he said, No; he had tried other, but it did not answer; that which he tried, he believed, came from Germany. — And being asked, Whether he ever tried the Foreign Wool mixed with the English Wool? he said, No; but the Price of Foreign Wool is so dear that it would not answer. — And being asked, What Sort of Articles in the Woollen Manufactory must necessarily be made of the Combing Wool ? he said, Sagathies, Duroy plain, Duroy figured, Draughts, Estamanes, Shalloons, Serge plain, Tamies, Poplins, Lastings, Bombazines, Bombazette, Callimanco, Har-ratines, Stuff Damask, Barragon, Camblets, Satti-nette, Crapes, English Shawls, Moncriefs, Russells, Buntings, Grograms, Carpeting, Worsted Plush, Worsted Hose, Worsted Fringe, Lace and Bindings, Worsted Crewels, Drugetts, Rackers, Long Ells, German Serge, Sanfords, Frays, Coarse Eus, and Baize. — And being asked, Whether those Articles were for Home or Foreign Consumption ? he said, Both; the light Goods go to Russia and , and great

Quantities to The East Indies, sent by the Company. — And being asked, Whether any of those Articles are made in Foreign Countries? he said, They imitate them, but the Quality of their Wool being inferior to the English, they cannot make them nearly so good,

no Place in the World can come near to it; and that Goods of these Sorts are preferred to others of the same Kind made in any Country whatever, and that in Times of Peace there is a very great Demand for those Ar-tides for Foreign Markets; and that the Demand, is so great, that the Produce of Wool is not sufficient to supply it. — And being asked, What is the Consequence to the Woolcombers when the English Wool is worked up in each Year? he said, The Combers are out of Employ. — And,

John Osmond being examined, said, He is a Serge Maker, and lives at Tiverton in Devonshire, and served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the Business of a Wool-comber, before he commenced Serge Maker; and that there are Annually, Two or Three Months before Shearing Time, great Numbers of Woolcombers, apply to his House for Employ, by Means of the Scarcity of Wool. — And,

William Eales being again examined, he was asked, Whether whilst he was employed at Mr. s,

he was constantly employed after the Erection of the Machine? he said, No; but constantly before; and that he has frequently been still when the Machine was employed, there not being Wool enough to employ both. — And, .

Jonathan Sowtonbeing examined, said, That he is aWoolcomber, and lives at Exeter. — And being asked, What Assistance a Woolcomber derives from his Family? he said, When a Child is Seven Years old, he is capable of assisting his Father in some Shape to prepare the Wool for nis Father to comb, and may get about Two Pence per Day, and so progressively, till the Age of Fourteen; and then, if strong and healthy, is capable of beginning to work as his Father does. — And,

Daniel Baker being again examined, he was asked. What Woolcombers turn their Hands to when out of Work? he said, If by going into 9ome County, where the Wool is not all worked up, they cannot get Employment, they then find Employment in the Hay Harvest, and it is usual to assist at the other Harvest; and if all those fail, they have Recourse to the Clubs. - — And,

Jonathan Sowton being again examined, he was asked, Of what Nature the Chibs were? he said, It is a Contribution levied upon every Woolcomber (who is willing to be a Member of any Club) according to

the

324 13° Martii. A. 1794.

the Exigencies of their Affairs: The One End of it better Accommodation of the Shipping, that a fur-is to enable the Woolcomber to travel from Place to ther Extension of some of the Piers should be made; Place to seek for Employment, when Work is scarce which important Works, with the constant Annual where he resides; and the other End is to have Re- Repairs, will more than exhaust the present Funds — lief when he is sick, wherever he may be; and if he And he further said, That, in order effectually to carry should die, to be buried by the Club; and it is ne- the Intentions of the said Acts into Execution, it is cessary for him, to entitle himself to be relieved by proposed to increase the present Funds, by an Anchor-these Clubs, to have a Certificate from the Club to age Duty of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling Ton; which he belongs, that he has behaved well in and which, it is thought, will prove sufficient, with the to the Woolcombing Trade, and that he is an honest former Impost, for all the Purposes mentioned in the Man; but if he defrauds any Body, he loses his said Acts.

Claim to that Certificate, and to the Advantages be- That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

longing to it. to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign Table. of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a the Members of the House. Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint

of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale.

MaritetPe- Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tition. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Harbour, and repairing, or re-building, the Pier and Quay at Torquay; and that the Inhabitants of Torquay nave lately much increased in Number, and the Trade and Commerce carried on at the said Port is much enlarged, and there is not at present any Market at Torquay, and it would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Inhabitants thereof, and of the adjacent Country, and also of all Persons trading to the said Port, if a Market was established there, under proper Regulations and Restrictions: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for establishing a Market at Torquay, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Robert Talk, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Tormoham, in the County of Devon, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Borrow- Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to

atounness whom the Petition of Douglas Duke of Hamilton and

Scots Peti-y Bndon, &c. and of the principal Merchants, Ship-tion reported, masters, and Inhabitants, of the Town of

stounness, in the County of Linlithgow, North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Penny Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes, were read: And,

Mr. Hercules Angus being examined, said, That, pursuant to the said Acts, great Improvements have been made to the said Harbour, and in consequence thereof much Benefit has arisen to the Trade of the said Town; but it hath been found necessary, for the

brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. John Hope, Mr. John Hamilton, and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. l)avid Scott reported from the Committee, to Forfar Roads whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees ap- reported-pointed by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with (except that the last of the Notices given for building the Bridge was not published in the Newspapers till the 3d of- October last;) and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as It appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

David Laird, Esquire, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged, and some of the Tolls increased; and that it is expedient to unite the Road from Dundee towards Perth, to the Borders of the County of Forfar, in the same Trust with, and added to the Line of, the Road leading from Dundee to Ferry den. — And the Witness further said, That the Road leading from the Landing Place at Monyfieth to the Post Road between Dundee and Arbroath, and the several other Roads described in the Petition, all in the County of Forfar, are in bad Repair, and in many Places dangerous for Travellers to pass thereon; and that it would be of great Convenience to the said County of a Bridge was built over the River South Esk, near Finhaven, on the New Line of Road from Meigle to the North Esk Bridge; but which cannot be done, nor the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, by the present Modes prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act,

34 Geo. III.

13° Martii.

325

Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Roads in the County of , and for regulating the Statute Labour within the sameand for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaion: And that Mr. David Scott and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Clutton, Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, accord-

totf&c*C^ *n8 to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a nal Bill.pre- Navigable Canal, with proper Towing Paths, Rail or sented. Carriage Ways, and Stone Roads, from the several Collieries in the several Parishes of High Lit-

tleton, Paulton, Timsbury, otherwise somer-Norton, Camerton, Dunkerton, Rads lock, otherwise Radstoke, and Wrington, and elsewhere, in the County of Somerset, to or near a certain Bridge, called Lympley Stoke Bridge, in the Tything of Lympley Stoke, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ayr Har- Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com-re" rtedt, ti0D to ^om the Petition of several of the Trustees

repo ' appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleaning,

" scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour " of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays " and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and " Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other " Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the said " Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report irt his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John London M‘ Adam being examined, said, That considerable Progress has been made in carrying into Execution the Powers of the said Act, and sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for those Purposes; but the said Harbour, and the other Works directed by the said Act, cannot be completed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening,

" cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the " Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the " Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters,

" and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of,

" the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein " mentionedAnd that Lord Frederick Campbell, General Stewart, and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ed^^brin^b Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell be added Queensferry1 to ^e Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and Roads Bill, bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, to pass by, or near by, the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross.

Vol. 49.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, Queensferry according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the preacn Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth-Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, to pass by, or near by, the Towns of keithing and Kinross: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Kington Powers of Two AGts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of P®*?*1-His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads, within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gen- Member add-tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ed to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Roads Bill Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according Bromsgrove to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Dudley of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so " far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Newbury and Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Bath Canal River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the B, B P.1*" County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the ""

City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2ist Day of this Instant March.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and atpunst D* others, being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of B, U‘ several Water Mills, Rivers, Streams, Watercourses,

Water Meadows, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Coupties of Wilts and Somerset,

4 O through,

326 13°

through, or near, which a Navigable Cut or Canal is intended to be made and maintained from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Awn, at or near the City of Bristol, and a Navigable Branch or Cut from, or out of, the said Canal, in the Parish of Rowd, near Devizes, in the County of Wilts, to, or near, the Town of Caine, in the said County, and also a Navigable Branch or Cut from, or out of, the said last mentioned Branch qr Cut, to, or near, the Town of Chippenham, in the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners find that the projected Line or Level of the said Canal and Branches is intended to be carried through, or near, several Water Mills, Rivers, Streams, Watercourses, Water Meadows, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and the Petitioners, or some of them, are the Owners and Occupiers of the said several Water Mills, Rivers, and Streams, which are very valuable, and are so situate that the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend that it is not practicable to make and maintain the said intended Canal and Branches, according to the Line and Level proposed without taking and intercepting most of the Sources and Springs of the said Rivers and Streams which supply their Mills with Water, and by that Means deprive them of their usual and necessary Supply; and that the Petitioners, or Borne of them, are likewise the Owners and Occupiers of large Tracts of Meadow Ground usually called Water Meadpws, through, or near, which the Line or Level of the said Canal is intended to pass, which are -almost constantly watered or flooded by the Springs and Streams of Water arising within, or near, the said Meadows, by which Means the said Meadows are made of great Value to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and of great Public Utility; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that the intended Line of the said Canal and Branches cannot be made and maintained without taking and diverting all, or many, of the said Springs and Streams of Water from the said Meadows into the said Canal and Branches, by which Means the said Meadows and other Lands and Property of the Petitioners will be very greatly reduced in their Value, and thereby great Prejudice must ensue to the Public, by Reason that, after the said Springs and Streams are diverted by the said Canal from the said Meadows, they will be newly or totally, destroyed as Water Meadows, and the several Arable, Pasture, and Down or Uplands, which lie contiguous to* and are held with, the said Meadows, will be also greatly reduced in Value, as the Produce of the Meadows, chiefly arising, from the watering the same, is now the great, and almost only, Dependance of the Fanner and Occupier for the depasturing of his Sheep and Cattle in the Spring Season, and by the Loss or Decrease of such Produce, the Breed of Sheep, now so considerable in the Farms and Lands in Question, must be lessened in a very great Degree, if nqfc totally destroyed, and, by the same Means, the Farmer and Occupier will he deprived of the present valuable Manure arising from the Flocks, of Sheep, which Manure is one. of the great Sources of the plentiful Crops of Corn, derived from the Arable Lands, now held with, the said Water Meadows; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, through which the said Canal is intended to pass, consist of so deep and tender a Soil that it will be almost impossible with any number of Bridges, especially in Wet Harvests, for the Farmers or Occupiers of such Lands to carry their Corn out of their present Fields, held with, such Meadows, and therefore they will be obliged, with great Loss, and Inconvenience, to Rick their. Com upon the Spot; and that such of; the Petitioners, whose Estates will be affected by

l

Martii. . 1794

that part of the line of the said Canal proposed to run near Devizes, think they have great Reason to complain of the very short Notice given of a Measure so injurious to them by the Promoters of the Canal in Question, who, for several Years past, fixed on, and gave Notice of, a different Line, and only altered the same, and adopted the last mentioned Cut h few Months ago, by which Means it could not, till very lately, be known by the Petitioners last mentioned, or many of them, how materially they would be injured, and they now apprehend, and are advised by skilful and able Surveyors, that it is impossible for them to ascertain the Extent of their Damages, unless Surveys could be taken at different Seasons of the Year, though they are well assured and convinced, that such Damages must be very great, and many of their Farms in one of the finest Corn Countries, by the making of the said Canal, will be irreparably injured, and the Losses of the Petitioners may fairly be considered not only in a private but in a public Point of View, inasmuch as the Growth of Corn must be much diminished, as well as the Flocks of Sheep and other Cattle decreased, and thereby consequently many poor Labourers be deprived of Employment; and that the Petitioners also conceive, that exclusive of the very serious and important Losses which they will sustain from the Causes aforesaid, their respective Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, through which the said Canal will pass, will greatly suffer, and be much lessened in Value, as well by many of their Lands being intersected and disjointed, as by the Loss of valuable Tracts of Land in a fertile Country, owing to the Cuts proposed to be made for the said Canal, and the numerous new Roads which must be made on such Lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Payne Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House and elsewhere in the Tow n of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Cite Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Payne Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for. enlarging the Ten* and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the* Bill be read<a Second Timet

A Petition

Ludlow and Clee Hill Roads Bill presented.

Ludlow and Orleton Roads Bill presented.

Petition in favour of Swansea Canal Bill.

List of Vessels cleared Outwards from Great Britain to Africa presented.

Account of Duties on Paper presented.

Northallerton, Thirsk, &c. Roads Bill reported,

Feliskirk and Sutton Inclosure Bill presented.

34 Geo. III. 13 Ma 327

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, for enabling a Canal or Communication by Water being made to the Town of Swansea: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of all Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, that have cleared Outwards, from the several Ports of Great Britain, to the Coast of Africa, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, >792, and 1793; distinguishing such as have cleared for the Slave Trade.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Paper made for Six Years to the 5th of July 1793; distinguishing each Year, with an Average of the Whole.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the

Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easing-wold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques*-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstondiffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the

Vol. 49.

North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act* passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing " public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for " the better securing His. Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port " of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a Bason or " Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other " Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the " said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands " belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain " Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the " said Port for those Purposes, and for establishing " other necessary Regulations within the Town ana " Port of Kingston upon Hull," the Petitioners were incorporated by the Name of " The Dopk, Company " at Kingston upon Hull," and were thereby empowered and required to make a Bason or Dock to extend, from the River Hull, to a certain Place in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, called The Beverley Gales, as described in the said Act, and also a Quay or Wharf of a sufficient and convenient Length, for the Trade and Business of the said Town and Port, and, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences of making the said Bason, Quay, and other Works, and of maintaining the same in' future, certain, Rates or Duties on Shipping as mentioned in the said Act, were thereby granted to and vested in the Petitioners, the said Dock Company, as their own proper Monies* and to and for their own proper Use and Benefit; for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, although the Time limited by the Act, for the Completion of the Works* was Seven Years from the 31 Bt Day of December 1774; yet, by the great Industry and; Exertions of the Peti*-tioners, the same were completed, as appears by-the Report of‘various Engineers, within Five Years, to the great Accommodation of the Trade of the Port, and the Benefit of His Majesty's Revenue; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending in the House to compel the Dock Company to make, at their sole Expence, other Works than those which the said recited Act required them to execute, which Bill, if passed into a Law, would be subversive of the Rights of the Petitioners, and highly injurious to their Interest, by 'laying on them, the heavy Burthen of making additional Works beyond those which the Petitioners were, by the said Act, bound to perform, and which they have to the utmost Extent executed; and Representing to the House, that, supposing the additional Works, proposed to be executed by the said Bill, are necessary for the Accommodation of the Trade and' Shipping, of the Port of Hull, the Petitioners conceive they are not compellable to execute the same, and that they ap-' prehend the Corporation of, the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull are in the Possession of certain Funds, which are applicable. to the Execution of such additional Works, ,or certain Parts thereof: And therefore praying That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same.Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered,

Petition from the Dock Company at Hull, against Hull Docks Bill.

I#

Accounts, &c. relating to Hull Docks, ordered.

328 13° Martii . 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the original Cost of the Dock and Quay at the Town of Kingston upon Hull, at the Time when the same were finished; distinguishing therein the Quantity and Cost of the Land purchased by The Dock Company, upon Part of which was laid the Earth that was excavated from the Dock, and other Part thereof used in making the Dock; distinguishing also the Cost of any Warehouses or Dwelling Houses built upon the Quay, the Expence whereof may be comprehended in the Amount of such Cost of the Dock end Quay; and likewise to distinguish what Part of the Cost of the said Dock and Quay was defrayed by the current Receipt of the Duties upon Trade and Shipping; what Part of His Majesty's Donation from the Customs; and what Part was advanced by the Subscribers; shewing the reby, the respective Monies by which the Dock and Quay were made, and the Expence paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money produced by the Sale of such Part of the Land, purchased by The Dock Company at Hull, as has been sold; distinguishing the different Times of Sale, and Total Produce of each Sale.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money that has been advanced by the Subscribers, or Proprietors, in the Dock at Hull-, distinguishing the Date and Amount of each Call, and the Total Sum advanced upon each £. 500 Share.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the State of the Proprietors Account Current, Debtor and Creditor, at Hull, a3 the same stands in the Company's Books, shewing what each Proprietor may have paid and received upon their respective Shares.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Yearly Interest, or Dividend, that has been paid to the Proprietors in The Dock Company at Hull, from the Revenue arising from the Dock and Quay; distinguishing each Year's Dividend, and distinguishing also whether any Part of such Dividend in any Year, and how much, has been of the Donation from His Majesty's Customs, granted by the Act of the Fourteenth of the King, ana likewise how much of the said Dividends has been the Produce of Lands sold.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Money that has been paid out of the Revenue of the Dock and Quay at Hull, for other Purposes than for making the Works directed by the Act of the Fourteenth of the King, keeping the same in Repair, and the Wages to Servants and Labourers actually employed in and about the said Works, and specifying particularly such Purposes other than as aforesaid, for which such Money has been paid, and the Time when.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Paper or Instrument, containing the Obligation, or Engagement, of the Original Subscribers before the Dock Bill, for the Act of the Fourteenth of the King, was brought into Parliament, whereby they obliged themselves to pay the Amount of their respective Subscriptions when called upon, with other Conditions respecting the said Dock and Quay.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Book or Books into which have been entered the Proceedings of The Dock Company themselves, since the Dock and Quay at Hull has been made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Dock Duties upon the Tonnage of Shipping received, by The Dock Company at Hull, since the 31st of December 1774; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Wharfage or Quay Duties received by The Dock Company at Hull, since the Opening or Landing

of Goods upon the Quay or Wharf; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships and Vessels that paid Dock Duties at Hull in the Year 1793; distinguishing each Ship and Vessel, with the Tonnage and Duties paid by. each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships and Vessels that arrived in the Year 1793 at Hull, and which had not paid the Dock Duties for the last or any past Voyage, at the 31st of December 1793, or are not contained in the Account of that Year's Dock Duties; distinguishing each Ship or Vessel, Voyage, Time when arrived, and Amount of Dock Duties upon each.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, the Deed of Covenant, dated 13th October 1780, between the Mayor and Burgesses of Hull and The Dock Company, for the Exchange of a certain Part of the Premisses granted to The Dock Company by the King for certain other Premisses belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, amongst which is so much of the Fore Shore, lying between the Land granted by His Majesty and the River Humber, as was thereafter staked out for the Purpose of making a commodious Cut or Passage for Ships and Vessels from the River Humber into the Dock, Bason, or other Works made, or to be made, by virtue of the Act for establishing Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Order of the Board of Customs, or an authentic Copy thereof, to the Collector and Comptroller of Hull, with the Proposals therein directed to be made to the Corporation of Hull, according to the Board's Report to the Lords of the Treasury, dated the 4th of February 1773; and which Report was inclosed to the said Corporation in the Collector and Comptroller's Letter, dated 23d March 1773, with respect to the making of a Bason for loaden Ships, Quay, &c. at Hull, with the Plan and Terms proposed; and together with the Corporation's Answer and Acceptance of the said Proposals and Terms, and the Report of the Collector and Comptroller transmitting the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Report of the Land Surveyors at Hull, to the Collector and Comptroller of that Port, dated 16th January 1793, respecting the Dock, with the Collector and Comptroller's Letter transmitting the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Hull, at the 31st December 1793; distinguishing each Ship and Vessel, with their respective Burthen in Tonnage.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the new Ships registered at the Port of Hull, with their respective Tonnage, for the last Five Years, each Year ending at the 31st of December inclusive: distinguishing each Year, and each Ship or Vessel.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Revenue of Customs received at the Port of Hull, since the Year 1770; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Port Duties of Excise received at the Port of Hull, since the Year 1770; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Memorials and other Papers delivered into His Majesty's Treasury by Joseph Sykes, William Waller, and William Hammond, in the Year 1773, and by Richard Bell, Mayor of Hull, and William Hammond, in the Year 1774, respecting their Negociation with the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury for a Donation from the

34 Geo. III. 13° Martil. 329

the Crown, in Land and Money, to aid the making of the Dock and Quay at Hull, with the Three Papers stating the Duties necessary to be granted upon the Trade of the Port, for paying the Interest of the Money that would be expended in making the said Dock and Quay.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Reports of the Board af Customs, in Return to the Order of the Lords of the Treasury, respecting the Dock at Hull, dated „the 26th of February 1793, and the 4th of September 1793, together with the Reports of Huddart, Esquire, an Elder Brother of the

Trinity House, Mr. William Jessop, of and

Mr. Thomas Morris, of Liverpool, in Return to the Order from the sdid Board, pursuant to an Order of the Treasury, directing them to examine and determine upon the Spot that may appear to them to be best calculated to answer the intended Purpose of a new Dock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords of the Treasury, dated the 4th of February 1773, respecting the making of a Bason for loaden Ships, and a Quay; with the Order given by their Lordships thereupon, for the Board of Customs to treat with the Corporation of for making the said

Bason; and together with the Answer from the said Corporation, accepting of the Terms proposed for making the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Memorials from the Town of and from The Dock Company, to the Lords of the Treasury, in January 1793-

Report Ex- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were

pinng Laws, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or Continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of " Portugal,'' which was to continue in Force from and after the 2.5th Day of March 1758 for and during the Term of Fifteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 25th Day of March 1793, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intjtuled, " An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in " Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign " Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon " which the Duties on Importation have been paid,

" and for tunending several Laws relative to the " Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued:

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed;

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die House.

Ordered, That a BiH be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Attornies Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on In- ^'reported, dentures of Clerkships, and on the Admission of Solicitors or Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had madeto the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the H9use; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosseo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Pot and Pearl Copy of an Order from the Treasury to the Commis- A*he1st^tt0 sioners of the Customs, not to permit Vessels loaded beenteredout with Pot and Pearl Ashes to be entered out for the Ports for France, Of France. ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Pot and Pear! Account of the Quantity of Pot and Pearl Ash, exported Ash exported from Great Britain to France, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th 6f January 1794, and to the latest 0 Period in the present Year to which the Account can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of an Order from the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs, not to permit Vessels loaded with Pot and Pearl Ashes to be entered out for the Ports of France.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Copy of Order not to permit Pot and Pearl Ashes to be entered out for France, presented.

VOL. 49.

4P

COPY

330

13° Martii.

A. 1794

Bill for altering the Duties on Paper, &c. deferred.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill deferred.

Committed on Bill for augmenting the Militia.

Committee on Bill for allowing Whale Ships to complete their N° of Men*

COPY of an Order from the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs* not to permit Vessels loaded with Pot and Pearl Ashes to be entered out for the Ports of France.

Gentlemen,

I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to direct you, not to permit Pot Ash or Pearl Ash to be entered out on Board any Vessels bound for the Ports of; and also to detain all Vessels cleared out for that Kingdom, any Part of the Cargoes of which may consist of Pot or Pearl Ash.

I am, &c.

Treasury Chambers, (Signed)

nth February 1794. Charles Long.

Comm" Customs.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, Or, That the Report be received To morrow to be perused by the Members of the House. Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House The Order of the Day being read, for receiv- Report on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing the Report from the Committee of the w hole Duty on Cast upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Plate Glass Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great deerred' and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now Britain;

read. Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Glass addi-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tional Duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Bill deferred, additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in,

Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Momr ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Counsel far-further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improv- Drer heard 00 ing the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, xfng's Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the age Bill. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, upon the Bill for augmenting the Militia; the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improv-the said Bill to increase, for a Time to be limited, ing the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near

a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the BUI were called

the Bounty now payable to Volunteers serving in the Militia.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

m.

Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, rough of King's Lynn, and also of the Petition of the when the House will please to receive the same. Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town

«? of

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of Nand also for the Petition of the several Persons thereunder named, Owners and Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates there; and also, for the Petition several thereunder-signed Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, West and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze, examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Bo-

Bridgewater Bridge, &c. Petitions reported.

34 Geo. III.

13b — 14° Maftii.

331

of Lynn; and likewise examined several Witnesses in

Support of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Country of Marshland, and also of the Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South Lynn All Saints, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze, and closed their Evidence in Behalf of the said, several Petitions.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14°' die Martii;

Anno 34® Georgii III‘a Regis, 1794. Prayers.

MR. Poulett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, under their Common Seal, 'were severally

referred; That the Committee had examined, ana found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert Codrington being examined, said, That the present Bridge over the River Parrett, is very ancient, and the Passage over the same very narrow and incommodious, and many fatal Accidents have been occasioned thereby. — That by reason of the present decayed State of the said Bridge, and the Quays on the said River, it is become necessary that the said Bridge should be re-built, and the Whole rendered more safe and commodious: — And that it is also necessary that proper Regulations should be established, and Powers given for ascertaining and enforcing the Payment of the Quay Dues payable at the Port of the said Borough, and for enabling the Petitioners to claim and receive such additional Duties as, with the present Dues, may be sufficient to defray the Expence of erecting the said new Bridge, and of keeping the same, with the Quays, in Repair.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, the Witness said, That it would be of Advan-r tage to the Trade carried on at the said Port, if Powers were given to regulate the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels, resorting to, and remaining in, the said Port.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels Vol. 49.

in the said. Port: And that Mr. Poulett and Mr. Langston do prepare, and bring in, the sante.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Stafford to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Shiye Ha,l Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford, p^ed" re* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the Mayor P of the Borough of Stafford, in Behalf of himself and Burt jesses of the said Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was redd; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Harvey being examined, said, That the Shire Hall in the Town of Stafford, appropriated for hold* ing the Assizes and Quarter Sessions for the said County of Stafford, and other Public Purposes, is a very ancient Building, much out of Repair, and very inconvenient; and that the erecting a new Shire Hall, or Building for the Purposes aforesaid, upon or near to the Scite of the ancient Shire Hall will be of great Public Utility; and that in order to render the same more commodious, and better adapted for the holding of Courts of Justice, and for the other Public Purposes, it will be necessary to purchase and appropriate several Houses, Grounds, Shops, Sheds, and other Buildings near or adjoining to the present Town Hall.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for1 building a new Shire Hall for the County of:

And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the City of Durham Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Woolcomber* ting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed Pet, tion-by the Introduction of a newly invented Machine for combing of Wool, and entertain just Fears that themselves and Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And therefore praying, That, from the peculiar Hardship of their Situation, and the melancholy Prospect before them, the House will grant them such Relief as the Exigency of their Case may appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations presented.

The Earl Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from the Termination of one of the Branches of the said Navigations near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednes-bury, in the County of Stafford, to, or near, the Town of Walsall, in the said County, with certain Collateral Cuts out of the same; and for improving the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, by making a Navigable Cut from, and out of, the same, at a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again with the said Navigations at a Place called Deepfield, both in the said County; and for making proper Roads and Railways ' to communicate with the said several Navigations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Wisbech Na-

Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called vigation Bill

j'fle committed.

fc'.t 1

33£ 14° Martii. A. 1794

The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle

of Ely and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said Rivter from Outwell Church to Salters Load Sluice, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

under such Regulations as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Peitition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Tiverton Paving Bill ^committed.

East Brent Inclosure Bill presented.

Voices \o Committee.

Petition against tht Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

A Bill for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of James of the

City of Winchester, Esquire, is referred.

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Occupiers of Land, Proprietors of Coal Mines, or otherwise interested in -Lands and Hereditaments, within the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Rib-ble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Utility of all Canals, do not oppose the Principle of the said Application, but object to the Execution of so much of the proposed deviating Line as, in the -Map of Reference, lies between certain Places called Heapy Chapel and Hall, in the said County, it appearing to them to be unnecessary that Two separate Canals should be made so near each other in the said Place, when One will fully answer the Purpose of both; and that the Petitioners have been very lately informed, and believe, that die Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal have proposed to allow the Vessels, navigating on the deviated Line, to lock into, and go out of, the Lancaster Canal at the Places aforesaid, with such Provisions as may prevent Loss of Water, or any Cause of Dispute between the Two Companies, and that such Navigation shall be free from all Tonnage, or other Demand, either on Account of making or keeping in Repair so much of the said Line on which they may so navigate, and the Petitioners submit their Opinion that such an Offer is fair and just, and ought to be accepted or enforced: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the passing of so much of the said Bill as enables the said Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to make the said deviated Line from, or near, Heapy Chapel to Kirklees Hall aforesaid, and that a Junction and Communicable Navigation may take Place between the Two Canals in the Places aforesaid,

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving Old Maltan the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Inclosure Bill Grounds, within the Manor And Parish of Old Motion ,comtmUed-in the North RidiDg of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benyon,

Mr. Pochin, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Keevil, Id-

Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, In^aeureBiii Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, and Chis-

enbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. neage, Mr. Goddard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Diaeworth Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure Bill Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, Presented-within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of House to ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning joum to Mon-next. day-

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Sowerby Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or Bridge and near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, Bits* in the W'est Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

n __

Bill, by Way of Ryder, That no Reservoirs shall be made without the Consent of the Proprietors of the Land, nor in the Land of Mrs. Bu

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing therein contained shall extend to vary or affect the Tolls granted by any former Act on Merchandize passing to or from Manchester, on the Duke of s

Canal, whether landed on the Duke of Bridgewater's Wharf, or any other Wharf which may hereafter belong to the said Duke.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teltafor theY^;^^ }58.

Tellers for the Noes ] 8j.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another

Orders for

Accounts

discharged.

34 Geo. III.

14° Ma

333

Another, ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that if Goods are carried through the Lock between the Rockdale Canal and the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, and shall afterwards be landed at the Duke's Wharf, the Lockage shall be repaid.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

/Colonel Tarleton, 1

'/Mr. Wilbraham: /49'

/Mr. Dent, 1 fi

'/Mr. John Smyth/

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Preservation of the River Irk, by Trenches.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 29. After " Bridgewater" to insert " his Heirs or Assigns."

1. 37. After Bridgewater, to insert " his Heirs or Assigns."

I. 38. After " he" to insert " or they."

1. 29. To leave out " intended."

L 4. To leave out " intended."

1. 26. To leave out " intended."

L 27. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 30. To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended,"

To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended."

To leave out " intended."

Pr. 36. Pr. 79. Pr. 84.

Pr. 85.

Pr. 86.

Pr. 87.

1- 39-1. 2. 1. 11. 1. 23. 1. 31. 1- 39-1. 20. 1.40. 1. and

6‘1

id\

7J

To leave out " intended;

L 28. To leave out " intended."

Pr. 101. 1. 29. To leave out " and, " and insert " to" instead thereof.

Pr. 105. 1. 15. After " Lobley" to insert " or at " Holling's Mill, belonging to " Samuel and John Waterhouse." 1. 18. After " them," to insert "or from " any Lands or Grounds belonging to Hollings Mill " aforesaid."

Pr. 158. 1.36. To leave out from " to" to " Shares," in 1. 37, and insert " Two Third Parts of the Number of the" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for shaking and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, made upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, " That " there be laid before this House, an Account of the Vol. 49.

Exports and Imports by the Port of Lynn, and the Duties paid ‘thereon, for Seven Years, ending on the 5th Day of January last, specifying the Total Quantities of the several Articles, and the Duties paid thereon in each Yearand also, " That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exports and Imports by the Port of Lynn, and the Duties paid thereon, for Seven Years, commencing the 5th of January 1730, and ending the 5th of January 1737," might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Westminster the 3d Day of February last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of the several Right of Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Elec- Election de-tors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City ferred-and Liberty of Westminster',. respecting the Right of Election fear the said City and Liberty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 1st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick; without anyAmendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain Buildings and Hereditaments for the Purpose of making a new Road at the Entrance jpto the Town of Saint Alban; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhouse, in the County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Harrison, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Con* currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Bank of Scotland Bill.

Btnnswick's Nat* Bill.

Chappie Allerton, &c. Inclosure Bill,

St. Alban and South Mims Road Bill.

Buckingham, Aylesbuly, and Wendover Canals

Bill,

The Lords have passed

Harrison's Estate Bill*

4 Q

The

Accounts

presented.

Receipt of Customs at Lynn.

K° of Ships arrived at Lynn.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill reported,

14* Mar

4, m*.

The House beiipg inforpifid that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of ..the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he njas called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Receipt of His Majesty's Custom Duties at the Port of Lynn Regis, from the 5th of January 1730 to the 5th of January 1794; (distinguishing each Year: AmjaJso,

An Account of the Total Number of Ships which have arrived at, and discharged their Cargoes at, the Port of Lynn in each Year, for Seven Years, ending the 5th ot January 1794, as also of their Ladings; distinguishing those Ships belonging to Lynn from those not belonging to that Port, and how many of the Ships helqng^ng IP the Port of re /built

there, and ftojv ,n^ny ,wpre Mb /eisqwhere: ;Apd

jj*4sO, '

An Accwp^ of th? Quantity of Pot and Beatjl Ash Quantity of export, fro in, Gw1 Rrtfaift to France, fom the 5th of and Pears

January 178& to the 5th of January 17^94, and to the £ j^j^** latest Period in ;the present Y$ar tp which the Account nce' can he made up j distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles, of the said Accounts wereread.

The Two first of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the sai A Accounts is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Pot and Pearl Ash exported from Great Britain to ,from the 5th of January 17 & 8 to the 5th of'January 1794, and to the latest Period in the present Year to which the Account can be made up; distinguishing each Yeas.

-7- - — Pearl Ashe$. -U'-V "; Pot; Ashes. , j 1A - {

Cxvt. qrs. lbs. f \ ' >; Cu?t. ,qrs. lit.'

17^8 - " 664 2 23 395 /.i '

1789. - - " 1,136 1 3 4,334 j6 j

1790 - ‘ 450 2 9 l,o34‘' '-7- 26 ' 4,591 10

1791 - - - i,377 — 17

1792 - - . 2,386 1 10 2,328 " 2 13

1793 - - - - 1,363 2 16 ' 755 t- >3

Port of London only, from the 5th January 1794*! to the 5th of February following, being the Date [> 5,000 — — 7,372; A 10;

,of the last Entry Outwards - - - j , J

Thomas , .)

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain. r

Note. — The Returns from the Out-Ports being transmitted Quarterly to this Office, the Export from the 5th January 1794 to the 5th February following, is therefore confined to the Port of London.

Inspector General's Office,"1 Custom House, London, >

March 14, 1794. J

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the ^able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to H,is Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, rpade in, or imported into, Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hup to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: ^here the Amendment were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by. Qna; and, upon thp Question severally ppt thei;euponr wpre agreed tp by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, path the Apaendinents, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on re-com-to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories, with Slaves, Trade so? be now read. supplying

And the said Order being read accordingly; / Foreign

A Motion was made, and the Question being: PW-V Teln£?nes That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; m ve6"

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

!Mt. Buncombe,

Mr. Whitbread, . nior:

SfeDwi Tarkbm,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then thp Hopse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

reported.

Motion for printing it/ withdrawn.

Motion for Bill to indemnify Peraops m advised the Dieembarka* tion of* Hessian Troops.

Neg.

III.

W. Mti r tii.

335

Mr. Speaker left thp Chain <

, Mr. Edward James Eliot tookthe Chair of the Comi-

mittee. i . )

Mr. Speaker reswqed the Chaur. ' \ -

Mr. Edward Janm.Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to: receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr . Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of " the Crown," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the furthef Limitation of the Crown, and better securing " the Rights and Liberties of the Subject," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to explain the Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the " Third, intituled, "An Act for the further Limitation " of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and " Liberties of the Subject" might be read.

And the 9ame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for " the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 27th Day of January last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have advised His Majesty to order a certain Corps of Hessian Troops to be disembarked and stationed, for the present, on the Isle of , at Portsmouth, and the Places adjacent;

The House divided.

The Yea9 went forth.

Tellers so, the T } '

{Mr. Edward James Eliot,

Mr. Anstruther:

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 49

*70.

Mr. Wdbtrforce reported from the Committee, to Leeds and Li-whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors verpool Canal of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to Navigation vary the Line of the -said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sip of Money for completing the same; and mitted. to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was committed; and tp whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Land;, and Hereditaments, Upon and near to the Line of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, commencing at Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and ending at West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lanust Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Lancaster-, and also, the Petition, of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lancaster, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;..and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish st. Alkmond Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, Church Bill and County of Salop, was read a, Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. verie, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet «this

Afternoon, at - Five of the Clack, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported. from the Committee, to Huddersfield whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, reP°rte<1-Baronet, at, qr near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton udder Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according Longborough to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ir.closure Bill

_ w o ~ 1 nrpsented

Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable K and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Longborough, in the County of Gloucester: And the' same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

336

14° — 17° Martii.

A. 1794.

" Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Bill for altering the Duties on Paper, &c. deferred.

Bill respecting Whale Ships deferred.

Report on , Duty on Cast Plate Glass deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better

Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called <l Sunday," be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their foil Number of Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great Britain, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 17° Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

' AT R- Blackbume reported from the Committee, to 1VJL whom the Bill for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making " the Rivers Mercy and navigable from

" verpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster," by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Tibthorpe

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open InclosureBiU Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, 'within the Presente<^* Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkboum, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of further Consideration the Report which was made Huddersfield from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making con-and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, gidered. the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That 'Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Dudley, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, gyj for repairing several Roads in the Counties of War- reported. wick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, and from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Kingswinfoi'd to Daw-ley Brook, and to a House in the Possession of Thomas Turner, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Setond Time, One tty One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill for amending and altering certain Acts of J*16 Oxford Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City preeented. of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Compton In-Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Bill Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Comp- P*88*1-ton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common

Abingdon Paving, &ci Bill reported*

Petition from Mr. Graham and Mr. Adam against Queensferry Roads Bill.

34 Geo. III. I7a Martii 337

Common Fields* and other Commdnabie Lands and and that they can with Certainty Accomplish this de*

Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton; in the sirable End, the Petitioners can prove to the Satisfac-County of Gloucester. tion of the House, by shewing the Receipts upon the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to said Ten Miles of Road to be greatly within the Ex-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. penditure, and they can further prove, that the Road

through that County has always been in more per-

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to feet Repair than any other Part of the Trust; and that, whom the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town being a distinct and separate County, with distinct and of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, for better cleans- separate Jurisdiction, and being universally dissentient ing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Pas- from the said Junction, because they foresee no Benefit sages, and Places in the said Town, for removing and to the Public, and much Detriment to their own Inpreventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, terests, from continuing to be joined in the same Trust and Annoyances therefrom, and for otherwise improv- with the Counties of Perth and Fife, upon the Footing ing the said Town, was committed; That the Com- now proposed, they desire that the House will take the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners found the same to be true; and that the Committee to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Second Reading of the said Bill, and in the other ments thereunto, which they had directed him to Stages of the Proceedings thereon, to the End that the report to the House; and he read the Report In'his County of Kinross may be struck out from the said Bill,

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the and the Petitioners have such other Relief as to the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the House shall seem meet.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House. Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House,- accord- Stafford Shirt

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing to Order, a Bill for building a new Shire Hall for the Hall Bill ingrossed. County of And the same was received; and Presente<b

read the First Time.

A Petition of George Graham, Esquire, of Kinross, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and of William Adam, Esquire, of Maryburgh, on

Behalf of themselves and others, Heritors and Land- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition'

holders in the County of Kinross, was presented to the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, was presented against New-.

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for con- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- ^.th rsfnni

tinuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two titioners, having observed that a Bill is depending in

Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign the House for making a Navigable Canal from the

of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His River Avon at, or near, Bath, to the Kennet, at, or near,

present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from Newbury, called The Kennet and Avon Canal, beg Leave

North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the to represent to the House, that the great National

Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, re- Objects proposed to be attained by such Bill, are already

pairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, to effected under Pow'ers granted to the Thames and

pass by, or near by, the Towns of Inverkeithing and Severn Canal Company by an Act of the Twenty-third

Kinross; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners con- of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

ceive they will be greatly aggrieved if the said Bill " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from

should pass into a Law, in as much as it lays a heavy " the River Thames or at, or near, Lechlade, to

and severe Toll upon -the Heritors, Landholders, and " join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal

Inhabitants of the said County, without any reason- " at Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, and also

able Cause or just Ground for the same: That Kinross " a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at, at near,

is a very small County in point of Extent, whereas " Sidd to, or near, the Town of Cirencester,

the Counties of Perth and Fife are very large, rich, " in the Counties of Gloucester and Wiltsand that

and populous, each having the Benefit of Water Car- upwards of £. 260,000 has been expended by the Pro-

riage, whereas the County of Kinross is Ten Miles from prietors of the said Canal Company to perfect the

any Sea Port; and that great Part of the High Toll, same, and the Petitioners apprehend that the Public

proposed to be raised in the County of Kinross by the Interest, as far as it is concerned in the Union of the said Bill, is with h View of making Roads, Bridges, Two Great Rivers the Thames and Severn, and

and Piers, or Improvements on the Ferries, with Ports of London and Bristol, is fully answered, and that

which the greatest Number of the laborious and in- the Trade, in Consequence of such Communication,

dustrious Poor in the County of Kinross have no is offering itself adequate to the Objects proposed of

Connection, and it is proposed to lay a heavy Toll on Public Utility, notwithstanding which the Adventurers

Coal, which to an Inland and Manufacturing County in the said Undertaking have not hitherto received

is oppressive and unjust, as well as oppressive, when it any Compensation whatever for their Capital eirf-

is considered that the Money, to be raised by such ployed: Under such Circumstances, the Petitioners

Toll, will be laid out at the Will and Pleasure of the cannot refrain from expressing their Alarm that a Col-

Two other Counties, who constitute a great Majority lateral Line of Canal should be proposed in Opposi-

of the Commissioners, and who can always overpower tion to such Undertaking, for which they conceive

the County of Kinross, where there are but few landed there appears now no just or adequate Occasion, a£,

Gentlemen to fill the Situation of Commissioners; and by an Act passed in the last Session, for making the that although the County of Kini'oss is in itself but Berkeley Canal, every Obstruction to a regular and unin-very small, yet the Line of Road to which the pro- terrupted Intercourse with the Severn will be removed, posed Bill relates is as extensive in the County of and the Petitioners will have Three Points of Com-Kinross as that which goes through the Counties of munication opened therewith, and the Petitioners there-Fife or Pei'th, and the Heritors and Land Owners in fore cannot help expressing the Concern that they fedl the County of Kinross are willing to keep that whole at the Attempt to deprive them of the future Reward Line of- Road, being Ten Miles in the County of of their arduous Labours and unexampled Risk, by Kinross, in complete Repair, and the Trust free of Debt, the Scheme now offered to the Consideration of Par-with the Tolls as they now stand, and, if they do so, liament by the said Kennet and Avon Canal, which may they submit that they do their Duty by the Public; do much Injury to the Petitioners without rendering Vol. 49. 4 R any

Harrison's Estate Bill read.

Maze's Nat Bill passed.

Aberdeen Paving, &c. Bill presented.

Lancaster Canal —

Miss Atherton's Petition reported*

338. 17° Martii A. 17P4

any Advantage to the Public: And therefore pray ing, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, for the Reasons above given, and also for the further Consideration, that, if the Objects proposed to be attained by such Bill should ever be accomplished, the greatest Part of the River Thames, vi from to Read-

ing, would be deprived of the Tolls collected in such Districts, to the great Injury of the private Lock Owners on the River, the Loss of Interest to the Creditors who have advanced their Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, and the Certainty of a Loss of that Fund which is appropriated to keep up and maintain the said River.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, hntil the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate at Little in the County of York, devised, by the Will of Jeremiah Harrison, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Maze, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing James Maze.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Allardycepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henrietta Maria Atherton, of Atherton Hall, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Spinster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, that the House might be the better enabled more fully to understand the Circumstances of the Case, the Committee had directed him to report specially the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: and the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. William Rawstorne, Son of Lawrence storne, Esquire, Guardian to Miss Atherton, cajled in, and examined.

Were you at Atherton when Mr. Mason came there to ask Miss Atherton her Consent to the Lancaster Canal Bill?

I was.

Do you recollect at what Time?

About the 2 2d of January last.

Was you present when any Message was delivered to Miss Atherton, intimating that a Person was waiting to see her?

I was — Miss Atherton's Servant came in, and said that Mr. Mason, the Solicitor to the Lancaster Canal Bill, was come for her Answer, and that he was sent by Mr. Rawstorne; Miss Atherton said, " I do not

" like to go into the Room; but as Mr. Rawstorne has " sent him, I will go;" and desired Mrs. Rawstorne to follow her.

Did Miss Atherton then leave the Room, and did Mrs. Rawstorne and yourself follow her ?

Miss Atherton went into the Drawing Room, and we almost immediately followed her.

Who did you find there ?

Mr. Mason and Miss Atherton.

Relate what passed in your Hearing?

When we came into the Room, Mr. Mason had just shewed the Plan of the Canal to Miss Atherton, and he opened it again, and shewed it to Mrs. Rawstorne — It appeared from the Plan that the Canal w as to pass over the Lawn. — Miss Atherton said, she did not like it should come across her Lawn. — Mr. Mason assured her it would not come within her Gates. — Mrs. Rawstorne then asked Mr. Mason how far it would come over the Lawn. — Mr. Mason said, Not at all — that when it got to the Steward's House, at Platford, it would take the Course of the Brook towards Penning-, ton. — Miss Atherton then said, if it would not come within her Gates that she would not object to it; and on Mr. Masons assuring her that it would not, she said, he had her Consent.

From what you was a Witness to, do you believe Miss Atherton would have given her Consent to the Canal on any other Consideration than that of its not passing through her Lawn ?

I do believe, from what I understood, that Miss Atherton would never have given any Consent, had she not been repeatedly assured by Mr. , that it would not come within her Gates.

Was not Mr. Mason explaining the Plan to Miss Atherton when you came into the Room ?

The Plan was laying on the Table rolled up — A Plan like the One now produced by Mr. Mason to the Committee.

Did you not hear Mr. Mason ask Miss Atherton if the Lands on the other Side of the Division Fence of the Lawn was not her's; and if he did, what Answer did Miss Atherton give him ?

1 did not hear any such thing, that I recollect.

Were you present at the First Interview between Miss Atherton and Mr. Mason, or did you not come in after Mr. Mason had been in the Room some Time ?

I was not present at her First Interview with Mr. Mason, but it could not have been more than Two Minutes after Miss Atherton had entered the Room. — Mr. Mason had been in the Room some Time before Miss Atherton entered it.

And then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

Lawrence Rawstorne, Esquire, called in, and examined.

Have you not been in the Habits of frequently conversing with Miss Atherton on the Subject of the Lancaster Canal ?

1 have had some Conversations upon the Subject with her.

Was she not uniformly persisting in denying her Consent to it's coming through her Lawn and Avenue ?

At all Times when I have heard her mention the Subject.

Did you not go over to Worsley, prior to any Line being surveyed for the intended Canal, and wishing that Mr. Gilbert would assist you in procuring the Canal to come by Leigh, as you apprehended it would be of very great Benefit to Miss Athertons Estate? — I did.

Did not Mr. Gilbert recommend to you to write to some of the Gentlemen who took an active Part in the Lancaster Canal to that effect; and did you not write to Edward Buckley, Esquire, who was the Chairman of the General Meeting of the Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal, to intimate to the Committee how glad you would be if the Cantd did come by Leigh;

34 Geo. III. IT" Martii. 330

and that the Company should have every Assistance which the Family at Atherton could give them ?

I did write to that Purport; but whether I made use of the Name of the Atherton Family, or engaged only for myself at this Distance of Time I can't recollect.

Were you not acquainted by the House Steward of Miss Atherton (Mr. Hodgkinson) with the Line the Surveyor of the Lancaster Canal had taken through Miss Athertons Estate; and did you inform the Lancaster Canal Committee, their Solicitor, or Mr. John Gilbert, the Agent for the Duke of Bridgewater, with any Disapprobation of the Line so planned, till Mr. Mason waited upon you at Atherton Hall in November last?

I was acquainted with that Line by Mr. Hodgkinson but I do not recollect, from the Time I wrote to Mr. Buckley until Mr. Mason called at in Novem-

ber last, having had any particular Conversation with any of those Parties upon the Subject

Did you ever signify Miss s Dissent, till

last November, to any of those Parties?

No, not that I recollect.

Do you recollect Mr. James Greene of Bedford, and Mr. Mason, and One of his Clerks, attending upon you at Atherton Hall, in November last, to obtain Miss Atherton's Assent?

Yes.

Did not Mr. Mason produce to you the Plan of the Lancaster Canal Extension ?

Yes, he did.

Did you not, at that Time, declare to the Gentlemen who attended upon you, that if the Estate of Miss Atherton was your's, you would not hesitate your Assent to that Plan a Moment?

I made a Declaration to that Purport

Did you not say, that you was sorry to inform the Gentlemen that Miss Atherton would not then assent — that you would take the Plan to her, to try to prevail upon her, and that you would return ai^Answer?

I went Twice or Thrice into the Room where Miss Atherton was, with the Plan, and she positively refused her Assent to it.

Did you not desire Mr. Mason not to press Miss Atherton any more at that Time; but that if he would call again at about Christmas, you was in hopes she might be prevailed upon ?

I did.

Had you any other particular Interest in having the Canal to go by Leigh, than that of being Guardian to Miss Atherton?

No Interest whatever, having no Property in that Neighbourhood.

Was it not your Opinion, and is it not now, that the Canal passing by Leigh would be advantageous to the Estate of Miss Atherton?

I have not now the same favourable Opinion of the Canal, with regard to Miss Atherton's Interest, as I had in November last, when I had' the Conversation with Mr. Mason.

What is your Reason for altering your Opinion?

From a Conversation that passed between Mr. John Gilbert, the Duke of Bridgewater's principal Agent, and Mr. Hodgkinson, Miss Atherton's Steward, in regard to the Carriage of Coals upon the Canal; concerning which Mr. Hodgkinson, being present, can inform the Committee.

Are you not Uncle to Miss Atherton ?

Yes; by Marriage.

Whether it was not understood by you, that Miss Atherton's Servant was not authorized by Mr. Mason to say he came from you ?

I was absent from Atherton at that Time — Miss Atherton, I believe, misunderstood the Message brought by the Servant: She thought that Mr. had

come immediately from me; it was a Misapprehension of her's.

Vol. 49.

Did you, at any Time, give the Promoters of the Lancaster Lancaster Canal to understand that you was authorized Canal — Miss in the Name or on the Behalf of Miss Atherton, to s

giye her Consent to the Canal crossing her Lawn and reported. Plantations, as now proposed ?

No; I did not

Have you had any Conversation with Miss Atherton since the 22d January, on this Subject?

Yes.

Whether Miss Atherton at any Time since that Period, has expressed to you, that in consequence of her Conversation with Mr. Mason, she had withdrawn her Objections to the Canal crossing her Lawn and Plantations ?

In all the Conversations I have had oh that Subject with Miss Atherton, she has expressed her invariable Objections to its crossing her Lawn and Plantations.

Can you inform the Committee when first Miss Atherton was informed that, by the Bill, the Canal would cross her Lawn and Plantations ?

I have understood that the Bill was Twice read in the House of Commons before she was sent a Copy of it.

Can you tell at what precise Time Miss Atherton was informed of the Canal's passing through her Lawn and Plantations ? '

I cannot.

How soon after the Survey was taken, did Miss Atherton let the Proprietors of the Lancastei' Canal know her Dissent?

Miss Atherton expressed her Dissent in November, when Mr. Mason called upon her; but when the Survey was taken, is not in my Power to answer.

Are you aware of any Application being made to Miss Atherton for her Consent or Dissent, previous to November last ? — I am not

Was Miss Atherton of Age when she expressed her Dissent ?

She was; she was of Age in June last.

And then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

Mr. Richard Hodgkinson, called in, and examined.

Are you in the Service of Miss Atherton — and in what Capacity ?

Yes; Steward to her.

Has not Atherton Hall long been the Place of Residence of her Ancestors, and does she not now reside there herself?

It has been the Place of Residence of her Ancestors for many Generations, and is now her's.

Is it not a Capital Mansion House, and have not large Sums been expended in ornamenting the Place, by extensive Plantations, and other Improvements ?

It is esteemed a large and Capital Mansion House, finely situated, and her Ancestors must have expended immense Sums of Money in the Improvement of the Place.

Does the Line of the intended Canal cross Miss Atherton's Plantations and Avenue, in the Manner laid down in the Plan now produced by you, and for what Distance, in the View of the House ?-

To the best of my Judgment it does for 8oo Yards, and upwards, across the Avenue, within Sight of the House.

Has Miss Atherton any Land lying between the Outside of her Gates and the Town of Leigh, through which she has any Power to direct the Line of the Canal to pass ?

She has not any, without passing through Gardens and Lands held by Life Leases granted by her late Father.

Were you, at any Time, present when the Surveyors, employed by the Company of the Lancaster Canal, were taking Levels through the Property of Miss Atherton; and nad you any Conversation with them; and if any, to what Effect?

I once passed by them taking Levels over the artificial

Lancaster Canal — Miss Atherton's Petition reported.

340 17° Martii. 1794*

ficial Piece of Water expressed in the Plan produced by me, about Half Way betwixt the Bridge and the End of the Water towards Leigh. — I told them that I apprehended they would not be allowed to come in that Direction. — I never saw them in any other Place on Miss Athertons Estate taking Levels.

Did you, at any Time, inform any Person concerned for the Lancaster Canal, that the Line of the Canal could not pass between the Gates of the Plantations and the Town of Leigh, without going through Lands which was not the property of Miss Atherton

I do not remember having any Conversation with any Persons concerned for the Lancaster Canal upon the Subject.

Did you see Mr. Jackson Mason at Miss Atherton's House in January last ?

I was not at Home.

[Plan annexed to the Petition shewn to the Witness.]

Can you, by that Plan, distinguish whether the Line of the Canal does, or does not, go within the Gates of Miss Atherton, or across any Part of her Lawn or Plea-

sure Ground?

Without 1 knew the Situation of Atherton Hall, the Road to Leigh, and the Division of the Townships, it would not appear to me that the Canal was passing through any Avenue or Lawn. — I can distinguish that it passes between the Town of Leigh and Atherton Hall.

Where do the Gates stand where the Avenue commences — how far from Leigh ?

Within 30 or 40 Yards of the Buildings.

Do you now think the Line of the Canal does go within the Avenue and Pleasure Ground leading to Atherton Hall?

Most certainly.

Whether or not the Gates are not on the Boundary Fence of the Lawn ?

There are Pales and Rails extendingfrom the Gates to the Buildings on each Side of the Road, set up at the Expence of the Family j and that Part is always esteemed as Part of the Avenue.

Look upon the Map, and see whether those Pales and Rails are distinctly marked, and if the Canal does Rot pass within those Rails ?

The Canal, by the Plan, appears to pass within the Rails or Gates.

Is not Atherton HaU, specified upon the Plan ?

It is.

Then the following Question being again repeated 'to the Witness,

" Can you, by that Plan, distinguish whether the " Line of the Canal does, or does not, go within the " Gates of Miss Atherton, or across any Part of her " Lawn or Pleasure Ground ?"

He answered as follows:

I most certainly can perceive that the Line of the Canal does pass between the Gates and Atherton Hall. — In my former Answer to that Question, I perfectly misunderstood the meaning of the Honourable Gentleman who proposed it — The Question, as I then understood it, was, " Could I perceive, by the Plan, Whether " the Canal was passing through any Avenue or Plea- sure Ground," supposing I had been unacquainted with the Place.

Whether or not there is any Avenue of Trees leading from Leigh to Atherton Hall?

There are no regular Rows of Trees upon the Coach Road.

Does the Line of the Canal, as described in the Plan shewn to you, pass over any part of the Lawn, Avenue, or Pleasure Ground belonging to Miss Atherton ?

Most certainly it does.

And then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

Mr. Jackson Mason, Agent for the Lancaster Canal Extension Bill, called in and examined.

When was the First Time you saw Miss,

on the Subject of the Lancaster Canal Extension ?

The First and only Time I ever saw Miss Atherton Was, about the 22d of January last, when I was introduced to her — upon Miss Atherton's coming into the Room I accosted her, by saying, that his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater and the Lancaster Canal Committee were exceedingly sorry to understand from me what Mr. Rawstorne had told me in November, that she had an Objection to the Canal going through her Lawn and Avenue — She told me, that was her only Objection — I told her, we were particularly sorry, because, if the Company had known her Objection in Time, it should have been remedied; and that I had the particular Directions of the Committee to do every Thing that could at that Time be done, to make it satisfactory, to oblige her, and that we did not mind a few Hundred Pounds Expence — I likewise told her, that the First Time I understood what her Objections were, was early in November last, and that immediately upon being informed of them, I had desired Mr. John Gilbert, of Worsley, a Gentleman whom I believed, under the Duke of Bridgewater, was One of the first practical Navigators in this Kingdom, to see if the Line could be altered agreeable to her Wishes — that he had accompanied me upon the Line, and we had found that Alterations might have been made, either by taking the Canal up the Brook, by taking along the Division Fence of the Lawn and Avenue, or by taking it on the Outside of that Fence; and that if she pleased I would shew her, upon the Plan itselfi what we could do to oblige her. — I immediately took out the Planr and traced upon it what I have before-mentioned, which was what might be done with her Assent; but as the Township of Pennington was not inserted in our Gazette Notices, we were obliged to deliver the Plan at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace as it was. — I asked her if the Lands in the Township of Pennington, betwixt the Canal and the Town of Leigh, were her Property, and she told me she believed they were. — I then said, You may have the Canal altered in your Grounds, betwixt the Line of the Canal, as laid down in the Plan, and the Town of Leigh, as you please. — She answered me, that she was much obliged to the Duke of Bridgewater, and the Gentlemen of the Lancaster Committee, for their Attention to her, and she certainly would assent. About this Time, I believe .1 let go the Plan, and it being very strong Paper, it rolled itself up again; and I think, to the best of my Recollection, it was at this Moment of Time that Mr. William Rawstorne, came into the Room with a Lady, whom I did not then know, but whom I conceived to be Mrs. Rawstorne, and I think another young Lady, and another young Gentleman, whom I apprehended to be a Mr. Hornby: I recollect entering into some Conversation with the young Gentleman. At that Time some Conversation was passing between Miss Atherton and Mrs. Rawstorne, and I again opened out the Plan, at the request of one of them, I can't say which, and I particularly recollect Mrs. s

saying, " Can the Canal be taken at the Outside of " the Lawn and Avenue r" and I said, I believed it certainly might. I don't recollect any Thing else materially passing, and I went down to the Town of Leigh. Soon, after that I got there, I saw Mr. John Gorst: he asked me where I was going, I told him I was going to Warrington that Night, that I should get a little Dinner, and set off immediately; he replied, that he was going to Dinner, and that it would save me Time to take some with him. During my Stay with him, Miss Atherton's Assent came to be the Matter of Conversation; and he said to me, " Mason, you must give us proper protecting Clauses " for Miss Atherton and I replied, that any Clauses

which

34 Geo. III. 17° Martii. 341

which could be reasonably required of us should most Clerks. — I told Mr. my Business, that I was Lancaster

certainly be given. — We then parted. come for Miss Atherton's Assent, and I shewed him a Canal —

Have you, in the Bill now before Parliament, taken Copy of the Plan annexed to the Petition. — Mr. Raw- ^ther-Care to make such Provision; and have you given Miss storne told us, that he apprehended the Canal would reported'110" Atherton a Power to compel the.Line of the Canal to be a great Benefit to Miss Atherton's Estates, and that be altered, agreeable to the Promises made by you when if they were his he would not. hesitate a Moment; but you obtained her Assent ? that he was sorry to say Miss Atherton objected to the

I most solemnly protest, that to the best of my Judg- Canal going through her Lawn and Avenue. — This was ment and Comprehension of all the Conversation that the First Time that any Body had intimated to me that passed between Miss Atherton and me, I have given full Miss Atherton had dissented; and until that Moment, as great Powers as any I did promise. The Powers I I verily believe, from the Letter I had seen in Mr. have given to Miss Atherton are inserted in the printed Rawstors Hand Writing, and which I believe was Bill, Page n, and are as follows — dated prior to the Time of Miss attaining the

" Also so much of the Avenue, Lawn, and Pleasure Age of Twenty-one, not any of the Company or myself " Ground, in the Township of Atherton, in the said ever doubted having Miss Athertons full Concurrence " County, the Property of Henrietta Maria Atherton, and Approbation — and before I left Mr. Rawstorne he " Spinster, as may be necessary for the Use of the said gave us Hopes, that with his Assistance, we might obtain " Canal, to be taken in such Manner through the her Assent, and he wished me not to press her any " same, or in the Lands and Grounds of the said Hen- more upon the Subject till about Christmas, against " rietta Maria Atherton, nearer to the Town of Leigh, which Time he would take an Opportunity of consulting " as she shall direct and appoint." her Friends.

Did you make any promise to Miss Atherton, or had Did you know, on the 8th of November, that Miss you any Conversation with her, respecting the Road, or Atherton was then of Age ?

making a Bridge over the Canal, upon that Road to the I think, to the best of my Recollection, that Mr.

Town of Leigh ? Rawstorne said, she was then of age to judge for

In my former Answer I should have added this Cir- herself, cumstance, but forgot it: — I did voluntarily promise to How fer had you proceeded in the Bill now before Miss Atherton (but I believe I had given it under my the House, before a Copy of it was sent to Miss Hand to Mr. Rawstorne before) that she should have a Atherton ?

handsome Stone Bridge across that Road into the Town; Mr. Taylor, her Agent, being in Town, I was no and I then added, that the Bridge should be to her ways apprehensive that he would not take Care, after Satisfaction. what had passed between his Partner (Mr.,) and

Is the Committee therefore to understand that you me, of the Interest of Miss Atherton; and it was not intended to vary the Line of the Canal, according to till I was surprized, by being informed that I had wil-Miss Atherton's Wishes, though consistently with- the fully deceived Miss Atherton, that I requested Mr. Dent Orders of the House of Commons, you could not alter to frank a Bill to Mr to whom at the same

the Plan to be delivered to the House ? Time I wrote a Letter.

The Plan having been lodged at the Office of the Do you know whether the Bill was read a First or Clerk of the Peace on the l ith of November, and my Second Time before a Copy of it was sent?

Personal Application to Miss Atherton being not till I know this, that a printed Bill was not sent till the the 22d January, it was impossible for me to make Night of that Day upon which Colonel Stanley and Mr. any Alteration in the Plan, because I apprehend that Taylor waited upon me, requesting that I would admit by the Rules and Orders of both Houses of Parlia- of Affidavits as to the Fact of Assent; and I am in-ment, the Plan annexed to the Petition must be an dined to think it was after the Second Reading of the exact Copy of that Plan lodged with the Clerk of the Bill, but am not sure.

Peace, and that it would have been fatal to the Bill if As you knew Mr. Taylor was in Town,. did you at I had done so — but, I do apprehend that, with the any Time communicate to him, as Agent for Miss Consent of Parties, a Clause might be inserted in the Atherton, a printed Copy of the Bill, or inform him Bill, which would sufficiently secure to Miss Atherton of the different Stages it was making through the every Promise I made to her; and I do again solemnly House ?

repeat, notwithstanding the Assertions in Miss Atherton's I have Reason to apprehend that Mr. Taylor well printed Case (but which I do not attribute to her) knew every Thing that was going on relative to the that I never did mean, directly or indirectly, to im- Bill I am soliciting; because immediately almost on pose upon Miss Atherton; and if Miss Atherton at this my Arrival in Town, and that the Petition was pre-Moment will say, that she misunderstood me, it is sented, Mr. Taylor asked me, what Day we should my Wish and Desire, that her Name, and the Names of go into the Committee upon the Petition — and with of all her Tenants, and others depending upon her, Respect to the Bill, printed Copies of them were shall be set down in the Book of Reference as dissent- delivered to Mr. Rosier of the House, and Mr. Taylor ing; reserving to myself the Power of Combating as well knew as I did how he might obtain one — this Bill through' the House, in Opposition to her I did not send or give to Mr. Taylor any printed Agents. Copy of the Bill, or inform him any Thing more

What Time in November was it that you first knew about it.

Miss Atherton had any Objection to the Canal ? [Plan, and List of Consents, annexed to the Pe-

To the best of my Recollection it was on the 8th or tition, shewn to the Witness.] '

gth of November, and the Plan was lodged with the Were those. Papers delivered into the House by Clerk of the Peace on the nth. you?

The First Time, to your Knowledge, that Miss They were.

Atherton was applied to personally, was it on the 2 2d Do you not know that the Consents are always un-

of January ? derstood to refer to the Map to which they are annexed,

Properly speaking, the first Time Miss Atherton and to the Line therein described ? was applied to by me, that is to say the First Time I I apprehend it is not necessary, by the Rules and went to Miss Atherton's House to receive her Assent, Orders of the House, so to do; but that if there is was about the 8th of November. — I did not see Miss a List of all the Owners and Occupiers upon the Atherton, but I was introduced to Mr. Rawstorne, and Line of the Canal, with their Assent, Dissent, or Neu-I was accompanied by Mr. Greene, and One of my ter, marked to them, it is sufficient; but I believe in Vol. 49. 4 S this

Lancaster Canal —

Miss Atherton's Petition reported.

042 17° Martii. A. 1794.

this Instance the Names follow each other, discribing the Townships mentioned in the Map, and the Numbers referred to by the Plan pretty accurate.

In the List of Consents is Miss Atherton described assenting absolutely or conditionally ?

She is described assenting absolutely; for I did not know, and I am yet to learn, if there be any other Method of describing her Assent as given to me.

Was there any other Subject upon which Miss is stated to have given her Assent, except to the Canal passing in the Line described in the Plan to which her Consent is annexed ?

Miss Atherton assented, as I apprehend, to the Plan going into the House of Commons as it was, with Liberty for her to alter the Line in any Manner, between the Canal and her other Lands and Grounds nearer Leigh, as she thinks proper; and I did not intend, in framing the Clause before-mentioned, to prescribe to her the exact Place.

Is that Circumstance, which you have stated as Miss Atherton's, only Objection to the Bill, namely the Canal crossing her Lawn and Avenue, removed by the Line described in the Plan, to which her Consent has been given ?

It is not removed by the Plan, because it was out of my Power to alter the Plan lodged at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace; but I trust it is properly removed by the Bill now brought into the House.

Do you now understand, that the Line of the intended Canal cannot pass on the Outside of Miss Athertons Pleasure Ground, without passing partly over Lands not in the Possession of Miss , ana

the Property, of Persons not included' in the Consent List ?

I do not know whose Property the Grounds on the other Side of the Lawn nearer Leigh is, other than by what Miss Atherton herself told me; but if the Property is Miss Atherton's, be it Houses or Lands, the Company

have no Objection to pay the full Price of such Houses and Lands, in order to carry the Canal entirely clear of her Gates as they now stand.

Do you understand, by the Clause in the Bill to which you have referred, that if Miss Atherton should not be able to direct the Line of the Canal nearer to the Town of Leigh, the Undertakers of the Canal Navigation are empowered to carry the Line of the Canal through the Lawn and Pleasnre Ground without her Consent ? ,

Miss Atherton may carry the Canal, without the Assent of any Body, along the Division Fence of that Lawn, which, in my Opinion, would be doing her the least possible injury, and would be making her a complete Boundary Fence between the Town of Leigh and the Lawn; that the Company do not mean to take any more of her Lawn than they can possibly help; but if Miss Atherton should chuse, upon regular

Application by the Company (should the Act be obtained) to refuse to direct in what Manner the Canal should be carried, then I apprehend the Proprietors would be enabled to make the Canal in the Line laid down in the Plan.

Is the Committee, therefore, to understand that under certain Circumstances, the Powers of this Bill are meant to extend to enable the Company to carry the Line of the Canal through any Part of die Lawn or Pleasure Ground of Miss Atherton?

I apprehend that the latter Part of my last Answer has fully answered that Question, that they might.

Do you mean to state that Miss Atherton has given her Consent to a Plan, that, under any possible Circumstances, would authorize the U ndertakers of the Canal to carry it through her Lawn and Avenue ?

I apprehend she has, if she does not chuse to make her Election.

Can she make her Election, if any Part of the Ground

belongs to any other Persons not included in the Lists of Consents ?

She cannot, I apprehend, carry the Canal into any other Person's Grounds; but she may very materially alter the Line of the Canal, as now laid down in the Plan, without any Body's Assent.

Can she do it so as not to go through any Part of her Pleasure Grounds ?

She may do it, as I said before, so as to make it a Boundary to her Pleasure Ground; and I do not know that the Ground on the opposite Side of the Fence is any Body's Property, but her own.

Do you know that it is her own ?

She told me that she believed it was her own.

Can you say, that at the Time you applied to Miss Atherton for her Assent, and held the Conversation about the Variation of the Line, that you did not know the Lands nearer to Leigh were not let upon Leases for Lives ?

I did not know any Thing about Miss Athertons Lands, but what she told me; for, till the Time I went to Leigh in November, I had never been in that Neighbourhood in my Life to my Knowledge; and the Second Time that I was there, was on the 2 2d of January.

Will you say that you did not know, or do not now know, that these Lands were let upon Leases for Lives, when the Bill was presented to Parliament, and which of course must prevent Miss Atherton having the Direction of the altered Line of the Navigation ?

No otherwise than from what I gathered from Mr. Rawstome upon his Examination before this Committee.

You having stated, that on the 2zd of January you had a Conversation with Miss , in which she

gave her verbal Assent to the Canal passing within her Fence, under certain Conditions, which you have stated at large in the former Part of your Evidence; and you having stated, that no Person was present when Mass Atherton gave such verbal Assent — inform the Committee, whether you made any Minute of the Conversation that passed between you and Miss Atherton at that Time ?

I made no Minute of the Conversation that passed betwixt Miss Atherton and me, on the 22d of January.

Did any Conversation pass between you and Miss Atherton in the Presence of any other Person on that Dav?

After Mr. William Rawstome and his Mother came into the Room, the Conversation, very like that which he has stated to the Committee, passed, save that the Words made use of were, to the best of my Recollection, " Lawn and Avenue " — in other Respects he was very accurate as to what passed.

How long did the private Conversation between you and Miss Atherton continue ?

I cannot exactly say as to the Time, further than what I have related did pass prior to any one's coming into the Room, and my shewing her the Plan.

Did you apprize Miss Atherton of your Intention of calling upon her on the 22d of January, for the Purpose of knowing her Answer ?

I did not — but I called prior to my going to London, and in the Manner Mr. Rawstome himself desired me.

Did Mr. Rawstome desire you to call on Miss Atherton, without giving her Notice of your Intention ?

To the best of my Recollection nothing passed between him and me on that Subject, one Way or the other, further than before stated.

Did you propose to Miss Atherton, that you would l put

34 Geo. III. 17° Martii. 343

put upon Paper that conditional Assent which you have ' stated her to have given, and send it to her that she might sign it, if there was no Misconception of her Meaning ?

I don t recollect any Thing of the Sort passing. I have some faint Remembrance, that when I was taking my Leave of her, that she asked me if there was any Thing to sign; and I said, No, we never took Assents in that Manner.

You having stated, that some Conversation passed between you and Mr. John Gorst — inform the Committee whether you first mentioned the Assent of Miss Atherton to Mr. Gorst, or that he first mentioned it to you?

I do pot recollect.

To whom did you first mention the Conversation of the 22d of January, after you first left Leigh ?

It is impossible for me to say to whom I first mentioned it. I mentioned it pretty generally to every Body, and every Body seemed pleased about it.

Can you recollect any particular Person to whom you mentioned it?

I do recollect mentioning it that Evening to the Reverend Mr. Hornby, whom I called upon in my Road to Warrington on some other Business.

Did you relate to Mr. Hornby that Miss Atherton had given her verbal Assent to the Canal in her Conversation with you, under all the same Conditions which you have stated to the Committee?

By no means — the Conversation betwixt Mr. Hornby and me, upon that Subject, was very short indeed; my Business with him being to obtain his Assent to a Deviation in the Lancaster Canal, which I wanted from him, in order to enable the Company to carry the Canal (which by the Parliamentary Line goes to the East Side of Gar stone) to the West of the same Town; and my Time, while with him, was very much taken up in tracing him the Line upon Paper.

You having stated that you gave to Mr. Hornby no full and exact Account of the Conversation that had passed on the 2 2d of January with Miss Atherton — is there any other Person to whom you gave a full and exact Account of that Conversation ?

I will not take upon me to say I did.

Whether you went to Atherton on the 22d of January, knowing that Mr. Rawsto was absent ?

I got to Leigh early in the Morning of the 2 2d of January; and the first Enquiry I made at the Inn was, if they knew whether Mr. Rawstorne was at Home or not; the Landlord did not know, but Somebody in the Bar said they thought that he was gone to Manchester — this was the first Information I had on the Subject. I therefore went up to Athei'ton Hall immediately, as it was necessary for me to see Miss Atherton before I came to London, to know her Assent or Dissent.

And then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Bill to extend The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

the Manche*- the .3d Day of this Instant March, for reading a Second ter, Bolton, Time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for making and imfto Skden" mainta'n"ing a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, and Red Bolton,- and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at,

Moss, defer- a Place called Hinde's in the Parish of Bury, by red. Rochdale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at or

near to Sladen; and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March.

Vol. 49.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Cambridge Order, a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Paving, &c. Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of " Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets,

" Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to st. Martin's Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Stamford leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron, to Ketter- ®^r un' ing, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish Road^ Bill or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of presented.

ton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Voices to mittee to whom the Bill to remove certain Difficulties Committee in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Com- °" ^tion BUI missioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thir- vlga teenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or running from

Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge, is committed.

A Petition of Henry Somerset Duke of Beaufort, Duke of was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Beaufort's of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable aglinstSwan-Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Canal Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the BilL County of Brecon; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Seigniory of Gower, in the said County of Glamorgan, and entitled to several Rivers,

Brooks, and Streams of Water, situate upon the intended Line of Canal, and also, certain Lands, Tenements, and Veins, or Mines of Coal, and Open Col heries, through which the said Canal is intended to pass; and that, in the Year 1754, the Petitioner's late Father, Charles Noel Somerset Duke of Beaufort, granted a Lease of the said Lands and Tenements,

Veins, or Mines of Coal, to the Lessees therein named, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, with Liberty for them and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to work the said Veins or Mines of Coal, and for that Purpose to erect Works, Mills, and other Buildings, and to divert and use the Waters in the said Rivers, Brooks, and Streams, for the more effectually carrying on the same, subject to such Rents for Lana Money and Way Leave for other Persons Coal as therein mentioned; and that the said Lessees have, in consequence thereof, with great Risk to themselves and their Successors, expended very large Sums of Money in sinking Pits and driving Levels, making Rail or Waggon Roads, for the Convenience of working the same, and in erecting Mills and other Buildings, and have established very considerable Works and Manufactories upon the Faith of such Lease, the Enjoyment of which is warranted by the Petitioner's late Father to the said Lessees; and that the Petitioner's Income, arising from his Estates in the said County of Glamorgan, greatly depends upon the Success of the said Works by the Receipt of Land Money and for Way Leave, and other Advantages, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner's Property, and also, the Property of his Lessees, will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition

344 17° Ma A. 1794.

Petition from A Petition of Thomas L Esquire, the Elder,

Mr. Lock- John Morris, Esquire, the Reverend Edward Loclcwood, othereatraiinst Henry Calverley Cotton, Esquire, and Thomas Lockwood,

Swansea Esquire, the Younger, was also presented to the House, Canal Bill, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill;

and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are interested in certain Collieries and other Works, situate upon the Line of the intended Canal, and through which the said Canal is to pass, and the Petitioners Interest in the said Works will be greatly injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant March; -

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

for 39.

TeUersforAeNoes.f^S"^ }3*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Empingham Mr. Heathcote presented to the House, according to Inclosure B»ll Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inolosing certain presented. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crawcrook Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor presented to the House,

resented according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing

p certain Open and Common Town Fields within the

Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bromsgrove A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Roads Biny *^cts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the committed. Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Ly 'gon, &c.: And they are to meet'this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petitions in A Petition of the Land Owners, Merchants, Manu-favour of the facturers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and the Lancasto Neighbourhood of Leigh, in the County of Lancaster: Canal Navi- And also,

gation. Another Petition of the Land Owners, Merchants,

Manufacturers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leigh, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for Leave to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the Lancaster Canal, at or near a certain Place called How Croft, in the Township of Aspul, to communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at Wors-ley, both in the said County: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Managers, appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and wrho were, upon the 5th Day of this Instant March, appointed a Committee to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings on the Trial of the said Impeachment, and to report what they find in the said Journals to the House, That they do report to this House the several Matters which have occurred since the Commencement of the said Prosecution, and which have, in their Opinion, contributed to the Duration thereof to the present Time, with their Observations thereupon.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for augmenting the Militia was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " CasesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 22d March 1793: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 22d March 1793: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Nova Scotia, 2d May 1793: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 28th May 1793: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 4th June 1793: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 23d July 1793: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 27th August 1793: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Major General Ogil-vie to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax 8th October 1793: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 10th October 1793: And also,

N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, 9th November 1793: And also,

Instruction to Managers of the Impeachment of Mr. Hastings.

Bill for augmenting the Militia reported.

Aliens Bill presented.

Papers relative to the Defence of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick presented.

34 Geo. III. 17° Martii. 345

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary dated Halifax,

Nova Scotia, 23d January 1794: And also,

N° 12. State of the Effective Force at Halifax in Nova Scotia, during the Year 1793 — War Office 28th February 1794; as also, a Return of the Effective Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Gunners, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, present at Halifax during the Year 1793 — Woolwich 27th February 1794: And also,

N° 13. Extracts of the Journal of the Halifax Packet Boat to and from Falmouth, New York, and Halifax; in a Letter from Mr. Todd of 30th September 1793: And also,

N° 14. Extracts from the Journal of the Chesterfield Packet Boat from Falmouth to Halifax and New York; in Mr. Todd's, of the 18th December 1793: And also, N° 15. Extract from the Journal of the Portland Packet, when laying at Halifax, dated December 3d 1793; transmitted by the Postmaster General, January 8th. 1794: And also,

N° 16. Statement of the different Batteries at Halifax in Nova Scotia, with the Number of Guns mounted on each Battery; transmitted the 21st February 1794. to M r. Secretary Dundas by Captain Hodgson, late Brigade Major at Halifax, Nova Scotia: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Mr. King, dated Admiralty Office, 6th March 1794; inclosing,

N° 18. Extract of a Letter from Captain Rupert George, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Hussar, to Mr. Stephens, dated Halifax Harbour, 27th August 1793:

N° 19. Extract of a Letter from Captain Rupert . George, of His Majesty's Ship Hussar, to Mr. Stephens, dated 9th September 1793:

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from Captain Rupert George, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Hussar, to Mr. Stephens, dated at Halifax 12th October 1793:

N° 21. Extract of a Letter from Captain Rupert George, of His Majesty's Ship Hussar, to Mr. Stephens, dated 9th November 1793:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Afembers of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed and Mone in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty J|"dge Koaa King George the Second, and the Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Solihull, Ke-> for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the "dworth, and Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and ent 1*oad*. widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Bridge to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, . in the County of Wancick; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shilton Inch* for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common sure Bill. Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clayton-le-for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Afanor or Township of Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords naturalizing Peter Rilliet; to which the Lords desire the have P3-8961* Concurrence of this House. ®lllie['s

' And then the Messengers withdrew. at. 1 .

Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Nav? a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills: And the same was received; and read „uities Bill the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Aloming.

Ordered, That the Order of the Da)-, for the House Bill for alter-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Paste- defen-ed? ° board, Alillboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rosolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lords have agreed to

Dukinfield and Loads Knowl Canal Bill.

Wyrley and Essington Canal Bill.

Norwich and Aylsham Road Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Air. Sp ranger:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under L and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfeld, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby; and a Communication, by Railways or Stone Roads, from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Wyrley and Essington Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk, Vol. 49.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bill for abo-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for abolishing the Trade^o/ Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with supplying Fo-Slaves; reign Territo-

A Alotion was made, and the Question being pro-' rVes w?th __ posed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

.To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Friday Morning " next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided. The Noes went forth. ( ' Air. Edward James 1

Tellers for the Yeas,j Eliot, Mr. Robert Smith: j 73-

Tellers for the Noes,<j ' The Lord Sheffield, Mr. Dent: } 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. J

4 T Then

Accounts

presented.

Vessels cleared Outwards from Liverpool to Africa.

D# from Great Britain to Africa.

Slaves imported in to the West India

Islands from Africa.

Duties received at Wisbech.

Tonnage entered in and cleared Outwards at Wisbech.

Motion for Address respecting General La Payette, &c. ^eg.

Ways and Means deferred.

346 17° — 18° Martii. A. 1794.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read -the Third

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A List of all Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, that have cleared Outwards from the Port of Liverpool to the Coast of Africa, from the ist of July 1793 to the 3d of March 1794; distinguishing such as have cleared for the Slave Trade, and, so far as may be, those Vessels of which the Cargoes were intended for the Supply of our own Possessions from those of which the Cargoes were intended for the Supply of any Foreign Possession: And also,

A List of all Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, that have cleared Outwards from the several Ports of Great Britain to the Coast of Africa, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793; distinguishing such as have cleared for the Slave Trade: And also,

An Account of the Number of Slaves imported into the British West India Islands from the Coast of Africa, in the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793, or to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Island into which imported: And also,

An Account of Duties received at the Port of Wisbech, from the 1st of January 1772 to the 31st of December 1793; specifying the Annual Amount of each Year: And also,

An Account of the Tonnage entered in and cleared outwards at the Port of Wisbech, from the 1st of January 1772 to the 31st of December 1793; specifying the Annual Amount of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lists and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lists and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to represent to His Majesty, that it appears to this House, that the Detention of the General La Fayette, Messieurs Alexander Lameth, La Tour Maubourg, and Bureau de Pusy, in the Prisons of His Majesty's Ally the King of Prussia, is highly injurious to the Cause of His Majesty and His AlUes; and most humbly to beseech His Majesty to intercede with the Court of Berlin, in such Manner as to His Royal Wisdom shall seem most proper, for the Deliverance of these unfortunate Persons;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JGeneral 1 -

lellers for the 1 eas>|Colonel: f 4t)*

Tellers for the Noes ft*r* 1

.letters for the ^oes^Mr. JoA* Smyth: ] *53'

So it passed in the Negative.

t.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for allow-the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Ves- " hale sels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports £f Men de^ in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be ferred. limited, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Duty on Cut the Duty payable on Cast Plate Glass made in Great ^teCilM* Britain, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Glass addi-Moming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the tional Duties whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty defened. certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Martii;

Anno 34° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and Thomham inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Field InclosureBiH Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste comnutted* Lands, within the Parish of Thomham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Brovme Folkes, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

A Petition of William Hesleden, Gentleman, sur- Mr. Hesle-viving Trustee named in the Articles of Agreement or den|s Petition Settlement made previous to and upon the Marriage Hjj11 of Thomas Hesleden, Gentleman, with Frances his late Wife, deceased, on Behalf of Isabella Hesleden, Thomas Macfarland Hesleden, and William Hesleden, Infants, the surviving Issue of the said Thomas Hesleden, by the said Frances his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner now holds Two Shares in the Undertaking for making a Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf, Reservoirs, and other Works, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, particularly mentioned and described in an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Shares are now vested in the Petitioner, in Trust for the said Isabella Hesleden, aged Nine Years, or thereabouts, Thomas Macfarland Hesleden, aged Eight Years, or thereabouts, and William,

aged Five Years, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner has seen a Bill depending in the House to compel the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull to make, at their sole Expence, other Works than those which the said Company were required by the said Act to execute, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would gready reduce the Value of the said Two Shares, and prove highly injurious to the said Infants: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Dock and Quay

at

34 Geo. III. 18 M. 347

at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Stirling and Sir Archibald Edmotistone, reported from the Com-RwdsPetf m^ttee» to wh°m the Petition of certain Landholders tion reported. or Proprietors of Estates in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Belsches, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads from Stirling to Dumbarton, with the several Branches therefrom, as described in the Petition, are some of the most frequented Roads in the West of Scotland, and which are, together with the Bridges connecting the same, in a ruinous Condition, and in the Winter Season almost impassable; and that it would be for the Benefit of the said Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, to have the said Roads amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, but which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth: And that Sir Archibald

stone and Mr. Montgomery do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Northaller- An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers ton, Thirsk, of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George BUI rased Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present p#8sea' Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of and from the

South East End of the Street called Street, in

Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easing-wold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsfk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, neaj the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Forfar Roads Mr. Brodie presented to the House, according to Bill present- Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of " far, and for regulating the Statute Labour within " the same;" and for repairing several other Roads Vot.49.

in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River SouthEsk, near Finhaven: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, and making perpetual, an Act, Callicoe made in the Twenty-seventh Yew of the Reign of Printers Bill His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the En- committed.

" couragement of the Arts of designing and printing " Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Proprietors thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Edmund Cartwright, of Doncaster, in Mr. Cart-the County of York, Clerk, was presented to the House, wngbt's Pe-and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that Petitions have been presented by a large Body of Woolcombers, of the Manufacturing combing Counties of this Kingdom, praying the Protection of Wool, the House against the Effects of certain Machinery for combing Wool; and that the Petitioner is the Inventor of the Machinery alluded to by the said several Petitions, and hath obtained His Majesty's Letters Patent, empowering the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to exercise and vend his said Invention, for his and their sole and separate Use and Benefit, for a Term of Fourteen Years, a great Part whereof is yet unexpired, and the Petitioner, at the same Time that he submits to the House, that Machines, by which Manufactures are carried on with a Saving of Manual Labour, are beneficial to the Interests of this Kingdom, and therefore proper to be encouraged instead of meeting with Obstructions, yet, nevertheless, is willing to concur in any Plan for limiting him in the Sale of his Machinery to such Number Annually as to the House shall appear expedient, without receiving-any Compensation, byWay of an Equivalent, though he trusts that an Extension of the Term of his Patent will not be considered as unreasonable if the unlimited Use of it is to be restrained:

And therefore praying, That the House wiil take his Case into Consideration, and permit him, if Occasion shall require, to be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or his Agent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Aldermen, Bur- Petition in gesses, Gentlemen, Merchants, and other the principal favour of Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Ives, in* the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; "

Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for enabling a Canal or Communication by Water being made to the Town of Swansea: And praying,

ThaMhe said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for extending the Birmingham and Birming- Bill to extend ham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from the Termi- the Birming-

nation of one of the Branches of the said Navigations near Broadwater, in the Parish of in the p^eleyCanal

County of Stafford, to, or near, the Town of Walsall, Navigations in the stud County, with certain Collateral Cuts out committed, of the same f and for improving the sai^ Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, by making a Navigable Cut from, and out of, the same, at a Place caUed Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again with the said Navigations at a Place called Deepfield, both in the said County; and for making proper Roads and Railways to communicate

Dudley, kingswin-ford, &c. Roads Bill, passed.

Longborough Inclosure Bill committed.

Rilliet s Nat. Bill read.

Ludlow and Orleton Roads Bill committed.

Ludlow and Clee Hill Roads Bill committed.

Diseworth inclosure Bill committed.

348 18° Marti!. A. 1794.

nicate with the said several Navigations, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir Francis Ford, the Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed . Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Tipton Green to Gospel Oak, and from thS present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Kingswinfordto Dawley Brook, and to

a House in the Possession of Thomas Turner, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That -Mr . John Pitt do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Long-, borough, in the County of Gloucester, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir George Cornewall, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's: Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofer ton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also, from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place, or House, called The , Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Payne Knight, Sir George Cornewall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Payne Knight, Sir George Cornewall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill bft committed to Mr.

Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the " Rivers Mercy and Inoellnavigable from Liverpool " to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reigq of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers " Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to

" Chester, in the County Palatine of ," by in-

corporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby

de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and from the said Turnpike Road, to, or near, a certain Barn adjoining to Brambury Lane, in the Township of Donisthorpe, called Clark's Brambury Barn, and also certain Branches of Road from the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road from Burton upon Trent to Overseal, at, 'or near a Place called Cadley Hill, and to Upper Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Over seal, and to Lower, or Short Heath Overseal Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal aforesaid, all in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lanfls, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ^Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Owners of Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Mercy and Irwell Navigation Bill passed.

Ticknafl, Ashby de la Zouch, &c. Roads Bill reported.

Long Bennington and Foston Inclosure Bill committed.

Member added to bringin Chester Inclosure Bill

Bedford Poor Petition reported.

Messrs. Free-man and Grace's Assignees Bill passed.

Bill to amend Act for better Observation of the Lord's Day committed.

Account of Port Duties received at Hull presented.

34 Geo. III. 18° Marta

349

ditaments, having Right of Common of Pasture upon the several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land thereinafter mentioned.

Mr. Whitbread, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Mary, Saint John, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thced Pearce being examined, said, That the Poor belonging to the said Parishes are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof. — And the Witness further said, That if a proper and suitable House was provided for the Reception of all the Poor within the said Parishes generally, and Powers given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying to the Poors Rates of the said Parishes, but would tend also to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr. Colhoun, and Mr. Whitbread, Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de an Alien, and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson, Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien, and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday," be now /ead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Riv, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Port Duties of Excise received at the Port of Hull, since the Year 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

V oj.. 49.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Btirdon presented to the House, According to Chester In. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, closure Bill Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish Presented« and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Navy and Reading of the Bill, for granting Annuities to satisfy Victualling certain Navy and Victualling Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; nAtted. 00111

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ®uty 5," referred to consider of the Duty payable on Cast Plate ate as8. Glass made in Great Britain;

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty of Excise of One Pound One Shilling and Five Pence Half-penny, charged upon-every One hundred We‘ght of all Cast Plate Glass made in Great Britain, and squared into Plates of a Superficies of hot less than One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-five Inches, and of a Thickness according to the Superficies, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That in Lieu of the said Duty, a Duty of Excise of One Pound One Shilling and Five Pence Half-penny be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparation, by what Name soever the same are of may be called or known, which shall be made Use of in Great Britain in the making of Cast Plate Glass.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or. made in, Great Britain, is committed,

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lords Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pilton and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Com- North Wot-mons, and Waste Lands, lying and being in the Parishes ton Inclosure of Pilton and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset; B|11‘ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Zobel'fc Nat. for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly Blll> called Hieronimus Henry Zobel; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

4 U An

350 18° MaA. 1794.

Attonue* An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships, and on the p Admission of Solicitors or Attornies in any of the

Courts in England therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that a Clerk bound to a Second Master, upon the Death of the First Master, shall not pay the Duty a Second Time.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L 20. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided," in Pr. 8. 1. 37.

Pr. 12. 1. 28. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Pr. 13. L 33*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bfl! for alter- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing the Duties to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill

Militia Pay Bill committecL

plate. Stone, &c. Duties Bill presented.

Account of Duties on Ships frequenting the Harbour of King's Lynn presented.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Dixon, from the Corporation of King's Lynn, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Dues or Tolls on Ships fre-

questing the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, received by the Mayor and Burgesses, &c. &c. of the said Borough, and of the Expenditure thereof during the Ten Years preceding the 1st Day of January 1793 distinguishing the Amount of each Year's Receipt and Expenditure.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bui for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through

the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenkall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving die Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze',

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And one of the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors or Owners of divers Commonable, or Low or Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, Wicken, Soham, Barway, Water beach, Cottenham, Willingham,

and Over, in the County of Cambridge, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk, Saint

Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Methwold, Northwold, and Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, otherwise

Chastisham, Littleport, Stretha Doumham, Coveney, Witchford, Witcham, Wilburton, Haddenham, and Sutton, within the Isle of Ely, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and the several other Proprietors or Owners of Commonable and Low or Fen Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid; and also, for the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, of Behalf of themselves and others; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said County; and also, for the Petition of the thereunder-mentioned Peers, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Fanners, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenhall, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said first-mentioned Petition, being the Petition of the Proprietors of divers Commonable, or Low or Fen Grounds, in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, and others, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and the Isle of Ely.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered,

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

34 Geo. III. 18° — 19° 351

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 19° die Anno 34* Georgii III. U Regis 1794. Praters.

Feliskirk an3 A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Commons Sutton Indo- or Moors within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Watson's A Petition of George Watson, of OldMalton, in the Petition County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, against Old and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, r°ii inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner now is the Proprietor and Lessee of divers ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, under and by virtue of certain renewable Beneficial Leases, for long Terms of Years, held of the Master, Brethren, and Sisters, of worth Hospital, in the said Bill named, of which respective Terms Eighteen Years and upwards are yet to come and unexpired, and divers Clauses have been introduced into the said Bill, without the Knowledge and Consent of the Petitioner, which will, if carried into a Law, materially affect and prejudice his Estate and Interest in the Premises; and that the said ancient inclosed Lands have been long in the Possession of the Petitioner and his Ancestors, and form Part [of the Grounds immediately adjoining to his Mansion House, and have, at various Times, been effectually drained and improved by the Petitioner and his Ancestors at a very considerable Expence, and no Benefit or Advantage whatever, as to such ancient inclosed Grounds, can be derived, from the intended Drainage, to the Petitioner, who will therefore be much prejudiced by any Increase of Rent being directed to be paid to the said Master, Brethren, and Sisters, on Account of such pretended Improvement, during the Continuance of his Leases; and that all, or the greatest Part of, the Timber Trees and other Wood, now standing and growing on the said inclosed Grounds, have been planted by, and at the sole Expence of, the Petitioner and his Ancestors, upon the Faith, and in Consideration of having their Leases, from Time to Time, renewed to them, according to ancient Custom, and the cutting down such Timber and other Trees would greatly injure the Petitioner's Property therein, and deprive him of the Means of having Wood necessary for the future Repairs of his Buildings and Fences on the said Premises; and that the Petitioner is also the Lessee of a Water Com Mill within the said Parish, and has a Mill Dam of Water raised within the said ancient inclosed Lands for the Use of his said Mill, which Mill Dam is not guarded or preserved to the Petitioner by any Clause in the said Bill, and may, by the Diversion of the Watercourses, and making of the Drainage therein proposed, be materially injured, or totally destroyed; and that the Petitioner has many other Objections to the passing of the said Bill, in its Vol. 49.

present Form: And therefore praying, That the House will permit and direct such Clauses to be inserted in the said Inclosure Bill, as shall to them seem most expedient, for the Purpose of protecting and preserving the Petitioner's Right and Interest in the Premises, and that he may be heard, by himself. Agent, or Counsel, against the said Bill's passing into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Agent, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom Torquay the Petition of Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, Lord of the Harbour,&c. Manor of Tormoham, in the County of Devon; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names repo are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert Abraham, Junior, being examined, said, That the Harbour of Torquay, on the North East Side of Torbay, in the County of Devon and within the Manor of Tormoham, is at present too confined, and very inconvenient for mooring Ships and Vessels; and there are not effectual Powers for enforcing the Payment of the Rates and Tolls due to the Lord of the said Manor.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert Abraham, Junior, being again examined, said, That the Inhabitants of Torquay have lately much increased in Number, and the Trade carried on at the said Port is much increased; that there is not at present any Market at Torquay, and it would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Inhabitants thereof, and of the adjacent Country, if a Market was established there, under proper Regulations and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there: And that Mr. Vansittart and Sir John Call do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Reading and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for ca- Puntfield rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ported, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more ef " fectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts " mentioned, and for repairing several other Roads " in this Act mentioned," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had

directed

352 19° Marla. A. 1794.

directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Hodgson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon die Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected; which Money still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers and Authorities given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear in and

in the County of Berks, and several other Roads in the said County: And that Mr. and Mr. Francis

Annesley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Huddersfield An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Na- vigable Canal from, and out of, the Cfinal of Sir John

Hamden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John den, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester', to, or near, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East Brent A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Inclosure Bill Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being committed. wjt^in Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Goddart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

RiP®" wo1* A Petition of the Woolcombers of this Kingdom, tition "PC" ^'dent at Ripon, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners that One Machine only, with the Assistance of One Person and Four or Five Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Rochdale and Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Road*11 ill wh°m the Bid for amending, widening, altering, di-

reported. vesting, and improving, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

12

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and mainlining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or pearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of divers Mills, Factories, and other Waterworks, in the Neighbourhood of Haslingden, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hippisley Core reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Common, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Porter, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Total Revenue of Customs received at the Port of Hull, since the Year 1770; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

Bury and Church Kirk Canal Bill reported.

Mark Inclosure Bill reported.

Account of Revenues of Customs received at Hull presented.

34 Geo. III.

19° Martii

353

Chatttries Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, County, to the said Harbour of King's , and for and Ramsey to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Road Peti- for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of Rivers communicating with the said River Ooze, be now tion reported. t^e Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, read, for embanking, draining, ana preserving, certain Fen

' Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramse

in the County of Huntingdon, and In the Parishes

of Doddinglon, March, Benwick, Winiblington, and

Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of

And the said Order being read accordingly'

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Cambridge, and for amending the Road from a certain the Proprietors or Owners of divers Commonable, or Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Low or Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Carters Bridge, by a Drain, called Vermuydens, or Parishes of Isleham, Wicken, Barway,

The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Water beach, Cottenham, Rampton, Willingham, and Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey, was referred; Over, in the County of Cambridge, Lakenheath and That the Committee had examined, and found that Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk, Feltwell Saint

the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. William Flowers being examined, said, That the Term of so much of the said Act as relates to the said ' Road is near expiring, and that unless the said Term is

Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Methwold, Northwold, and Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and Stuntney,

Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, otherwise

Chastisham, Littleport, Stretham, Downham,

Witchford, Witcham, Wilbur, Hadden ham and Sutton, within the Isle of Ely, for and on the behalf of themselves, and the several other Proprietors or Owners of Commonable, and Low or Fen Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid; and also, for the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of ThetJ'ord, in the County of , on behalf of

themselves and others; and also, for die Petition of the

enlarged, the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners,

Voices to Committee od Wisbech Navigation Bill*

which will be a great Inconvenience to Persons having occasion to pass along the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Carters Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet BYidge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Old Sluice, in the Town of

and others, Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said County; anti also, for the Petition of the thereunder mentioned Peers, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenhall, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, examined several other Witnesses in support of the said first-mentioned Petition, being the Petition of the Pro-Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, prietors of divers Commonable, or Low or Fen Grounds, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the in the several Parishes of Fordham, and others,

said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and the improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said Isle of Ely.

River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice, is committed.

Tuddenham

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, passed. Heaths, Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.*

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. .

Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That Mr Hobartdo carry the Bill to the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River in

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported Into, or made in, Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and and Victualling Bills.

for altering and improving the Navigation of the said Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon in the Parish of Wiggetihall Saint Mary's, in the said the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Vol 49. ' 4 X Millboard,

\Va)S and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill referred.

Bill for altering the Duties on Paper, &c. defend

Slate, Stone* &c. Duties. Bill deferred.

Reading and Puntfield Roads Bill presented.

Petition from Journeymen Bakers, against the Bill to amend Act for better Observation of the Lord s Day.

r

Committee on Bill deferred.

Ticknall, Ashby de la Zouch, &c. Roads Bill passed.

354 19° — 20° Martii. 4- 1794.

Millboard, Scaleboafd, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die;

' *

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794,

P tl AYERS.

MR. Vansklart presehted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term ana Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and several other Roads in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Journeymen Bakers, for themselves, and in behalf of other Journeymen in the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called " Sunday;" and setting forth, That the said Bill contains a Clause allowing all Persons, exercising the Trade of Baking, to follow the same, so far as relates to baking of Meat, Puddings, or Pies, on Sundays, until a certain Hour of the Day, under the Regulations in the said Bill mentioned; and, if the said Clause should remain a Part of the said Bill, and the same should pass into a Law, it will be very oppressive to the Petitioners and other Journeymen Bakers, as such an Allowance will lay them under the Necessity either of working till the Hour that may be limited on Sundays, in Addition to the Severity of their Labours during the Week, or of losing their Employment with all such Masters as might choose to avail themselves of such Allowance: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against that Part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if thqy think lit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed feill for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called S Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and from the said Turnpike Road, to, or near, a certain Barn adjoining to Brambury Lane, in the Township of Donisthorpe, called Clark's Brambury Barn, and also certain Branches of Road from the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road from Burton upon Trent to Overseal, at, or near, a Place called Cadley Hill, and to Upper Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal, and to Lower or Short Heath Overseal Lane, in the Township or Liberty of Overseal aforesaid, all in the Counties of Derby and was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. I.31. To leave out ".or near."

Pr. 15. 1. 2. After " Ground" to insert " not " exceeding One Quarter of at}

" Acre."

Pr. 17. 1. 38. 'After " Day" to insert, " at any " other Turnpike than such as " shall be erected upon or across,

" or on the Side of, the said " Road from Scaddow Gate, to " the Burton upon Trent and " Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike " Road."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent, and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Mark Incertain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little closure Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, pasae<t‘ Common, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East , within the Parish of Mark, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Common, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Core do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom Porthywain the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from or near and Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanyblod- ^anai mil well, in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in reported, the County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. William McDowall reported from the Com-: Glasgow, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Renfrew, and Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the y*i!dsPeti Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, was referred; That tion rep0ned. the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills,

34 Geo. III. 20° Martiu 3

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells, to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, was read: — And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening the said Roads; but the same cannot be effectually completed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Terms " of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several " Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as " the same relate to the Roads from the City of " gow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the " Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from

"the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, " in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads: And that Mr. William AT Dawall and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Clothiers Pe- The House was moved, That the Petition of the titions refer- Narrow Woollen Clothiers, in the West Riding of the raitteea °m' County of York; and also, the Petition of the White Broad Woollen Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mixed Broad Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York, which were severally presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.': And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with Spring, Water, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions,

&c. and if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights, Interests, and Privileges, of the Petitioners would be deeply and materially affected: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that, if insisted in, the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard, in Opposition to the same, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, to Harrogate whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of j*1??1?! Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Sported' Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far ns the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and to the North

East Corner of Hutton Aloor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Win wick In-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and closure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and reported' Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed lum to report to the House; and he read ttye Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brassey Halhed presented to the House, accord- gurford in-ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain closure Bill Open and Common Fields within the Parish of Bur- presented. ford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from a Petition of the thereunto Subscribers, Citizens, againstAber- Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of Aberdeen, was presented deen Paving, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petite. Bill. tion has bfcen presented to the House, in the course of the present Session, purporting to be from the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Aberdeen, praying Vol. 49.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Dayappomt-the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henrietta for farther Afaria Atherton, of Atherton Hall, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Spinster, j\jiss Ather-was referred, be taken into further Consideration upon ton's Petition, this Day Sevennight.

A Motion

Motion for Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Pot or Pearl Ashes, &c. to be considered in a Committee.

Account, &c. referred.

Motion considered*

tepofted.

Bill ordered.

Bill for augmenting the Militia passed.

Aliens Bill committed.

356 20° Martii. A. 1794.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring; in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Pot and Pearl Ash exported from Great Britain to,

from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1794, and to the latest Period in the present Year to which the Account can be made up, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Order from the Treasury to the Commissioners of- the Customs, not to permit Vessels loaded with Pot and Pearl Ashes to be entered out for the Ports of France, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

And- Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for augmenting the Militia, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Moreeffeo* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the more effectual Prevention gUng, to be of Smuggling in this Kingdom. considered in

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- a Committee, mittee, That they do consider of preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco, shipped for Exportation.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Instruction Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of " the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Thirty-second " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for the more effectual preventing the " fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambrics " and French Lawns," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on ^ll1 upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Paste- p^eson* board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and Paper, &.-c, for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Tha* the Order of the Day, for the fur- Counsel further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving Bi^k°° the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part Xing's of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, Lynn Drain-and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Pge Bill-Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being die Proprietors or Owners of divers Commonable, or Low or Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, Wicken, Soham, Barway, Waterbeach, Cottenham, Rampton, Willingham, and Over, in the County of Cambridge, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Methwold, Northwold, and Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and

Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Chat-tisham, Littleport, Stretham, Downham, Coveney, Witch-ford, Witcham, Wilburton, Hadand within the Isle of Ely, for and on the behalf of themselves, and the several other Proprietors or Owners of Commonable

357

Bill for allowing Whale Ships to complete their N* of Men, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill deferred.

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill deferred.

Slate, Stone, &c. Duties Bill, deferred.

34 Geo. III. 20° — 21° Marin.

monable, and Low or Fen Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid; and also, for the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves and others; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said County; and also, for the Petition of the thereunder mentioned Peers, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and hall, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto sub-cribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, examined several other Witnesses in support of the said first-mentioned Petition, being the Petition of the Proprietors of divers Commonable, or Low or Fen Grounds, in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, and others, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and the Isle of Ely, and closed their Evidence in behalf of the said Petition; and likewise examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Thetford, and also of the said Petition of the Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, and also of the said Petition of the Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Milden-hall, and also of the said Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills.

Ordered, That the Bill for ganting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Moming.

And then the Hqpse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 49.

Veneris, 21° die Martii;

Anno 340 Georgii III*1* Regis, 1794.

Pit AYERS.

SIR Thomas Dandas reported from the Committee, Linlithgow to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose and Stirling Names are thereto subscribed, being Trustees named P*" and appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the reported. Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, thereinafter more particularly mentioned, and others, Land Owners within the County of Stirling, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and "that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, in the said County of Stirling, was read: — And,

A Member present informed the Committee, That it would tend to the Improvement of Agriculture and Commerce, if the Powers contained in the said Act were enlarged, in so far as to enable the Trustees therein mentioned to make and keep in Repair a Road across the said County of Stirling, leading from the Lanerk and Linlithgowshire new Turnpike Road, at or near Torpichen Bridge, Northwards, by or near Parkend or Mumrells, to join the Road leading to the Harbour of the Great Canal at Grangemouth, and from thence by Bridges over the Canal, and Carron, at or near Carronshire, or the Ford, near Kerse, passing towards Airth and Dunmore Park, to join the Roads leading towards Higgins Neuk, and Kersy Ferry's upon the Forth, and from the Road leading from Kersy Ferry, to join the present Turnpike Road at or near Saint Ninians, leading to Glasgow by Denny and Cumbernauld, and from that Part of the said Turnpike Road at or near Sauchenford, through the Lands of Plean and Powhouse, by Hamilton Farm and Chapel Burn, leading to the Bridges aforesaid, to be built over the Carron and Canal, and to erect Toll Bars thereon, under the usual Restrictions, passing through the several Parishes of Muiravenside, Polmont, Falkirk, nar, Airth, Saint Ninians, and Larbert.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth'

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers,

" of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth u and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties " of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads " lying within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians, in the " said County of Stirling," and for repairing several other Roads in the said County of Stirling: And that Sir Thomas Dundas and Mr. William McDowall do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petitions in

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, {jjvol?rof Yeomanry, and Chief Inhabitants, of the Town and ^nTnath

4 Y Neighbourhood SjJlML

358

21° MartM. A. 1794.

Neighbourhood of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Borough and Town of , in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Liberty of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

N«n Naviga- Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom t,on Bill Bill to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution

repo ' of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Winwick In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the closure Bill Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable passed. Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, Cambridge passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Pa'in6» Represent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge,

" for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and " other Passages, within the said Town," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Dickins, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Newbury Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from an<1 Bath the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in ^om^tted the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, the Earl of Wycombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hippisley Core presented to the House, according Tintinhull to Order, a BUI for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure Bill certain Open and Common Arable Fields, and a Com- Preseote(1* mon Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and received the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Clutton, Canal, with proper Towing Paths, Rail or Carriage High Little* Ways, and Stone Roads, from the several CoUieries com-

in the several Parishes of Clutton, High Littleton, mitted ton, Timsbury, other Timsborough, Midsomer-Norton,

Camerton, Dunkerton, Radstock, otherwise Radstoke, and Writhlington, and elsewhere, in the County of Somerset, to or near a certain Bridge, called Stoke

Bridge, in the Tything of Lympley Stoke, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hippisley Core, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pr. 12. 1. 33. After " the" to insert " said Impropriators, and the."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at die Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Martin's A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Stamford Ba- frotn Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and &c' ltoadff^POm Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet Biu, com-Middleton, in the County of Northampton, was read mitted. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Powys, 8tc.: And they are to meet this

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Crawcrook Common Town Fields within the Manor and Town- Inclosure Bill ship of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton, in the committed' County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Maister, of the Town of King- Mr. Maister'* ston upon Hull, Esquire, Executor in Trust named in the Petition last Will and Testament of Arthur Maister, late of the same Town, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill has been brought into the House, for the Purpose of compelling The Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull to execute other and far greater Works than those which are directed to be m made

i^-

34 Geo. III.

21° Ma

359

made by the Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, by which the said Company were incorporated, and that the Petitioner has no doubt Dock Company fully completed, several Years ago, the Dock and Legal Quay at Hull, which are the only Works which can legally be required of them to be made; and that the Petitioner, as Executor as aforesaid, is possessed of One Share in the Undertaking for making the said Works, which Share he holds in Trust, to apply the Dividends arising therefrom to and for the Maintenance and Education of the several Children of the said Arthur Maister, during their Minority, and the Petitioner conceives it a Duty incumbent upon him to state the above Circumstances to the House, and to represent that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will greatly reduce, if not altogether annihilate, the Value of the said Share in the said Undertaking, which the Petitioner holds in Trust for the said Minors: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Petition of A Petition of Thomas Haggitt, of Scarborough, in Mr. Haggitt the County of York, Esquire, and John Travis, the and Mr. Tra- Younger, of the same Place, Esquire, was also pre-HuUDocka sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, BilL in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His preserit

Majesty, an Act passed for making a Dock and Quay at the Port of Kingston upon Hull; and that the Petitioners stand possessed of Two Shares in the Undertaking for making the said Dock and Quay, in Trust, to pay out of the Dividends arising therefrom an Annuity to Mary Ducsbery, of Scarborough, aforesaid, Widow, during the Term of her natural Life, and, after her Decease, in Trust for the separate Use of Eleanor, the Wife of John Travis, the Elder, of Scarborough aforesaid, Esquire, during the joint Lives of herself and her said Husband, and afterwards to such Uses as she shall appoint; and that the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in the House, to compel the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking to make great and expensive Works at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, beyond those which the said Act required them to execute, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would not only lessen the said Annuitants Security, but would also prove highly injurious to the said Eleanor Travis, for whose Use the Petitioners hold the said Shares as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Skillington Mr. Simon Yorke presented to the House, according Inclosure Bill to Order, a Bill to divide, improve, allot, and inclose presented. the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath, Grounds, and other open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

House re- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of 'ournS to ad* H°use this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

Monday. next.

3 Vot. 49.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Papers relat-of the Memorial from the Corporation of the Mayor "8 j® and Burgesses of Hull to the Lords of the Treasury, dered!'0^ for a Grant of the Military Works surrounding the Town of Hull, in the Year 1772.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Report of John Wooler, Esquire, to the Commissioners of the Customs, relative to the making a Dock and Quay at the Port of Hull; together with the Plans and Estimates mentioned, or referred to, in the said Report, in January 1773.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Collector and Comptroller at Hull, respecting the Establishment of Legal Quays at Hull, dated the 8th of February 1774.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Memorial from the' Merchants in Hull to the Lords of the Treasury, respecting the old Harbour at Hull, dated the 7th of April 1774.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of the Commissioners of the Customs Appointment of Mr. Wooler as their Engineer to survey the Dock and Quay at Hull, in the Year 1779-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Report, dated 24th November 1779, of Messieurs Wooler and Smeaton, to the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Completion of the Dock and Quay at Hull; together with a Copy of the Order of the Commissioners of Customs to die Collector and Comptroller at Hull, for the Payment to The Dock Company of the

last Instalment of £. 5,000.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of a Memorial, dated on or about the 2 2d March 1787, from William Hammond, Esquire, Henry Broadley, Esquire, and Philip Green, Esquire, to the Lords of the Treasury, relative to The Dock Company at Hull; together with die Reference of the Lords of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs, on the said Memorial.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords of the Treasury, that The Dock Company had executed every object required of them by the Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, dated 30th April 1787.

A Petition of Elizabeth Huntington, and Mary Ann Petition of Huntington, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Spin- Eliz. and sters, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Mary Ann forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill has g^nst Kiuli been brought into the House, for the Purpose of Docks Bill, compelling The Dock Company, who are the Proprietors of the Dock and Quay at Kingston upon Hull, to make, at the sole Expence of the said Company, new Docks and other Works, which cannot be completed and maintained for less than the enormous Sum of £. 150,000; and that the Petitioners believe, and have been repeatedly informed by Merchants of the first Character and Consequence in Hull, that The Dock Company have already made, and continue to maintain in the most effectual Manner, at the Port of Hull, a Dock and Quay, and all other 'Works, which in Law, Reason, or Justice, can be required of them to be done; and that the Father of the Petitioners, who died some Years ago, was a Member of The Dock Company, and a Proprietor of Two Shares in the Dock and Quay, at the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and by his last Will bequeathed to each of the Petitioners One Share in the said Dock and Quay, as the only Portion of the Petitioners, and the only means of their Subsistence; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed by the Attempt, to wrest from The Dock Company so great a Proportion

if

360

21° Martii.

A. 1794.

Petition of Mr. Homer and Mr. Thompson, against Hull Docks Bill.

Debate on Motion to discharge Order for hearing Counsel on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill, adjourned.

if not the Whole, of their Property, as the small Fortune of the Petitioners would be nearly, if not altogether, destroyed, if the Bill now depending in the House should be passed into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass.

A Petition of Simon Horner and John Thompson, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchants, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Executors named in the last Will and Testament of Robert late of the

Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased; and that the said Robert Wharrie, at the Time of his Decease, was the Proprietor of Three Shares in the Undertaking for making a Bason, or Dock, and Quay, at the Port of Hull, One of which Shares he bequeathed to his Daughter, Elizabeth Wharrie, aged about Seven Years, and another of the said Shares to his Son, Joseph Wharrie, aged about Four Years, and directed that the Dividends arising therefrom should be paid and applied for and towards the Maintenance and Education of his said Children, and, as to the said other Share, he bequeathed the same (together with his Personal Estate) equally amongst all nis Children, charged with the Payment of the several Legacies mentioned in his said Will, and also with the Payment of an Annuity of £. 120 to his (the said Testator's) Mother Elizabeth JVharrie, for her Life; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, to compel the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking to expend a very large Sum of Money in the Execution of other Works than those which the Act, of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty (whereby the said Proprietors were incorporated by the Name of " The Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull") were required to make; and that the said Bill is an unjust Attack upon Private Property, secured by Act of Parliament, and, if passed into a Law, would be particularly injurious to the said Annuitants and Infants, in as much as it would lessen the said Annuitants Security, and deprive the said Infants of the Fortune bequeathed to them by their Father for their Maintenance and Education: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, for referring the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was committed; and that the Pe-tioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being proposed, That so much of the said Order as directs that the said Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said. Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit, be discharged;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And the House being informed, that the Committee had suspended their Proceeding on the said Petition and Bill, on account of a Suggestion that some Agreement relative thereto subsisted between the said Petitioners and the Promoters of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed, That they do enquire into the Circumstances of the said Agreement, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters ana Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those Islands; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid to and through the Town of Easingwold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of, and from, the Wanoick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Bud-hrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment :v And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the County of Dorset; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James Peachey, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the purchase

The Lords have agreed to

Penny Post Regulation Bill.

Jersey and Guernsey Postage Bill.

Dudley, Kings win-ford, &c. Roads Bill.

Northallerton, Thirsk, &c. Roads Bill.

Warwick and Braunston Canal Bill.

Preston and Sutton PoinU Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed Peacheys Estate Bill.

34 Geo. III.

21° Marfa.

361

parchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Xing's Mes> Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the sage respect- House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to for the U3e ^‘S House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented Speaker. the same to the House; and it was read by Mr.

Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, That His Majesty has given directions, that the House, lately occupied by the Auditor of the Exchequer, and now, by Law, vested in His Majesty, shall be appropriated for the use of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being.

G. R.

Address Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble

thereupon. Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been graciously pleased to give Directions, that the House lately occupied by the Auditor of the Exchequer, shall be appropriated to the use of The Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being; and for His Majesty's Condescension and Goodness in acquainting this House therewith.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House' \"Nai?and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BiUsAnnul- upon the Bill for granting Annuities to' satisfy certain ties Bills. Navy and Victualling Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bin for alter- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ing the Duties Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for onP*P®r»&c* repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-repo board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, -That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

hWe been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, onmoreeffec-to consider of the more effectual Prevention of Smug- pfr|ven* gling in this Kingdom, be now read. mu*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Pot and Pearl Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Ashes Bill Order, a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit presented. the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes qt Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who Vol. 49.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Slate, Stone, Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain gJjj co^1_es Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be mitted. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and Aberdeen otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Paving, &c. Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the' better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dyce, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this1 Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, Stirling and according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads panted, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for building a new Shire Hall for the County Stafford Shire of Stafford, was read a Second Time. Hall Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward committe<1-Littleton, Mr. Sheridan, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Empingham Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pas- inclosure Bill tures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, committed-within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cote, Sir Edward Littleton, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

4 Z Mr.

Tewkesbury Roads Bill presented.

Messrs. Ken-drew and Porthouse's Petition reported.

362

2, P Martii. A. 1794.

Mr. Martin presented to the House, according' to

O^der, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening and, keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the Turnpike

Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beckford Inn, in the County of Gloucester,

and from Gotfierington, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near Sire-ford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of to the Town

of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Kendrew and Thomas of Darlington, in the County of Durham (to whom the King was graciously pleased to grant His Letters Patent, in the Year 1787, for the Spinning of Flax by Machinery, in England and Scotland, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John J'Anson, of Darlington, Linen Manufacturer,

being examined, said, That the Petitioners have brought the Invention of Spinning of Flax, by Mills and Machinery, into such a State of Perfection, as to render the same of great Public Use; which Invention, being t\ie First of the kind ever brought into Practice for the Spinnjpg of Linen Yarn, has been attended with many-Difficulties, great Expence, and Loss of Time, in maturing and bringing forward the same, so as to make it work.with that Ease and Certainty required in Machines intended to work by Water or other Powers; and that the Petitioners, have obtained Letters Patents for England, bearing Date the 19th Day of June 1787, and for Scotland, bearing Date the 10th Day of December in the same Year, whereby the sole and exclusive Right to the said Invention was granted to them, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date of the said respective Letters Patents- — and the Petitioners produced to your Committee the said Letters Patents, and the Specifications of the Invention inrolled in the Courts of Chancery of England and Scotland.

And being further examined, he said, That the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain are now, and for several Years past have been, under the Necessity of using great Quantities of Linen Yam purchased in Germany and other Foreign Countries, which - Importation will be much lessened by Means of the said Invention, and the Manufacturers of this Country supplied with Yarn of a superior Quality, and at a lower Price.

Mf., Frederick.Norman confirmed the above Evi-

dence.

Mr. J1 Anson being further examined, said, That the Petitioners have incurred very great and considerable Expences in the prosecuting the said Invention, and bringing the same to Perfection, previous to their obtaining the said Patents.

Mr. William. Sayer then produced to your Committee, the Accounts of the Receipts and Payments of the Petitioner* siaoe their obtaining the said Letters Patents, whereby it appears they have sustained a Loss of £.4,000 and upwards: — And he further added, That he apprehends the Petitioners will not be able to reimburse themselves the said Monies so lost by them, and receive a proper Recompence for their said Invention, unless the Terms of the said Letters Patents be extended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in John Kendrew and Thomas their

Executors, Admifiistrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Mill or Machine, for Spinning Yam from Flax and Hemp, of their Invention, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr.

Brandling do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harrison's for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhouse, in the Estate. ®jj| County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Har- conumt rison, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. But'-don, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Benyon presented to the House, according to Hoyland in-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the clo®ure Hill Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Presente^* within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Dern, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the fur- Counsel far* ther Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the r heard on the Drainage, of the Middle and South Levels, Part Brink of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, L^n*D^in. and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said ageBilL. Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near, to, the River Ouzerin the County of Norfolk, draining through

the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ou from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhalt Saint Mary 'sT in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the -Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition, of the Mayor,

Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves and others; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Huntbigdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said County; and also, for the Petition of the thereunder-mentioned Peters, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, and others,.whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and . other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and,

in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owmers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on thq behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, examined several other Witnesses

34 Geo. III.

2l6 — 24b MartiL

363

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

Bill for allowing Whale Ships to complete their N° of Men, deferred.

Militia Pay $iil deferred.

Rochdale and Edenfield Road Bill

JBury and Church Kirk (or the Has-lingden) Canal Bill,

Witnesses in support of the said Petitions, and closed their Evidence in behalf of the said Petitions.

Then the Counsel for the Petition of Susannah Palmer, Widow, and John Francklin, Esquire, was heard, and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Petition, and closed his Evidence in behalf of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunoe, 24° diMartii;

Anno 34° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Titler be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale to a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to1 the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Afi ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 4. To leave out ' " First," and insert " Second," instead thereof.

Vol. 49.

Pr. 130; 1. 31. 'To leave out from the Beginning of die Line to " And," in Pi*.

131. 1. 6.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereppon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Whitehead, of in the Mr. White-

County of Norfolk, Farmer and Tythe Master there, head's peti-was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, Thoridmnf That a Rill is depending before the House, for the inclosuve Purpose of obtaining an Act to extinguish the Rights Bill, of Shackage and Commonage in and over certain Inclosed and Open Field Lands, and certain Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Thornham, and to set out Part of the said Commonable Marshes to be used as a Stinted Pasture, and to divide, exchange, and' inclose, the Remainder of the Commonable Marshes, and all other the Lands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish, and to allot specific Parts thereof to the Proprietors thereof respectively, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and, the Petitioner is informed, a Clause is inserted in the said Bill, whereby all existing Leases of Lands and Tenements in the said Parish are to be made void; and that the Petitioner is possessed of a valuable LeaSe of certain Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, and of all the great Tythes thereof, for the Term of Fourteen Years, from the loth Day of October 1789, and he is informed, that, if the said Bill passes into a Law, his Lease of the said Tythes and Premisses will be vacated by the said Clause, whereby the Petitioner will be not only deprived of his Livelihood,'bnt greatly injured in his Property, and the Petitioner has therefore refused his Consent to the said Bill; and that the Petitioner has no Objection to the said Bill passing, provided a Clause is introduced therein to secure to him the said Tythes of the said Parish, and also the Lands to be allotted in lieu of the Lands he now holds, for and during the Continuance of his said Lease, subject only to the Rents and Covenants of his said Lease: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, against the said Bill, or such Part or Parts thereof as will affect him, and that he may have such Redress and Relief as aforesaid, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whonf the Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, arid inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thornham, in the Country of Norfolk, is committed; and that the' Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, before the said Comiriittee, upon his Petition, if he ' thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time,' in Favour' of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

OrdexeQ, That all hav^ Voices who come to the Committee to whorii the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Messrs. Ken-Order, a Bill for. vesting in John Kendrew and Thomas drew and, Porthause, their Executors, Administrators' and As- *

signs, the sole Use and Property of a certain Mill or senteJ. Machine, for Spinning Yarn from Flax and Hemp, of

their

Porthywain and Newtown, &c. Canal Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Mercy and Irwell Navigation Bill.

Attornies Duties Bill.

Bricks and Tiles additional Duties Bill.

Ayr Harbour Bill presented.

Burtry Ford, Alston, and Bumstone's Road Bill, reported.

364

24° Martii.

A. 1794.

their Invention, for a limited Time: And the same was received'; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aningrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of

Llanyblodwell', in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanyblodwell, in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and " Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," by incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving,

" and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging " and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting " Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into,

" and going out of, the said Harbour, and for other " Purposes therein mentionedAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according Torquay to Order, a Bill to enable Sir Robert Baronet, Harbour, &c,

his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (to return His Majesty the Address, re-Thanks of this House, for having been graciously House or the pleased to give Directions, that the House, lately oc- Speaker, cupied by the Auditor of the Exchequer, shall be appropriated to the use of The Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being; and for His Majesty's Condescension and Goodness in acquainting this House therewith) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously. *

A Bill to alter and amend an Act of the Twenty- Bill to amend third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the the River Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and Act*" maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre- . pont. Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five* of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Accounts re-Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, and other State- ^ting to the ments, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, as directed in the Act of the Thirty-third Year ordered, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for " a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade,

" under certain Limitations; for establishing further " Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice " within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses " the Revenues and Profits of the said Company;

" and for making Provision for the good Order and " Government of the Towns of Calcutta,

" and Bombay."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company, exclusive of their Capital Stock, as made up to the 1st of March 1793 and the 1st of March 1794.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- more effectual ferred to consider of the more effectual Prevention of g^en^n of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and who were instructed mugg s' to consider of preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, and also, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and enforce the

" Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Thirtysecond Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, for the more effectual preventing " the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambricks " and French Lawns;" the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read;-and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved

1791

Gordina j.s

34 Geo. III.

24? Martii.

365

> or re. *: or Pon

improve

of

Market First

He.

5, Hut I. sty the te :ioa‘lv

*r*i

« ap-

mse or'

tjesty'i

House

;»i

ievm

verity- j )gie".

> ®i y

liver. "

id-'

kg

Oil

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, be made more effectual.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Lords yeu.

That the fraudulent re-landing of iobacco, shipped for Directions, that there belaid before this House, a Copy tenant of Exportation, be made more penal. of a iLetter, dated Whitehall, the 14th Day of this. Counties,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Instant March, and addressed to the Lords Lieutenant th.PJ"' That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of of the several Counties; together with the Plans and therein the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act other papers inclosed therein.

" to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His " Twenty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the1 Reign Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

" more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation

and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns," as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law, be repealed

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Bill for alter-Pasteboard, Millboard,- Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, in the Du-and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read Ves on P®Per' the Third Time. &c.Pa*ed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second be> An Ac; for repealing the frutie3 on Paper, Paste-

rn-

ers

fie .1-.

ar-

il

for

li-

fe,

ei

Tr

5

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill, reported.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according the Order, reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, was committed, die Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A. Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to - _

provide for the regular Payment of Navy and Victualling ^hereunto which they had directed him to report, when Bills in future. - the House will please to receive the same.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the OrdThat the Report be received Tomorrow Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Morning, made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Dunchurch

'' :______________________________________________n-l____ T>:11 c______j?___„.J-_1______... j o_.

ingrossed.

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Alien* upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this " Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House.resolved*itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

Bill for allowing Whale Ship* to complete their N° of Men, reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney and Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee

ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and Southam and keeping in Repair, the Road from to Road Bill

Southam, in the County of Warwick: And the same was Presente received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a.Second Time.

A- Petition of Penn Asshetm Curzon, of Gopsall Hall, Mr. Curzon's in the County of Leicester, Esquire, was preseilted to Petition for the House and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Line'of the6 making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Marston Coventry Canal, at, or near, Marston Bridge, in the Bridge, had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a gouch and* be reported to the House; and he read the Report in certain Close, in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the T^cknaU^&c. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from Canal Bill. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at TicknaH, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Lei-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; cester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said and several Amendments were made by the House to Canal; and Setting forth, That the Line of the pro-

Motion for List of Foreigners ordered to quit this Country, Neg.

the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a List of all Fo

posed Canal, as described in the said Bill, will pass, for a considerable Distance, through the Petitioner's Estate, in the Parish of Shackerstone, and in some Parts thereof within a small Distance of his Mansion House and Pleasure Grounds, which would interrupt the quiet Enjoyment of his said Mansion House, and be

reigners who have been ordered to quit this Country otherwise injurious to him; and that it appears, by under the Powers of the Act, made in the last Session Surveys lately taken, that a Deviation may be made of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing in some Part of the Line of the said Canal, near the Vol. 49. 5 A Petitioners

566 24°- — 25° Martii. A. 1794.

Petitioner's said Mansion House and Pleasure Grounds, which would in some Measure relieve him from the Inconvenience he must otherwise sustain, and would shorten the Line of the said Canal, and render the same more beneficial to the Public, than if made in the intended Line, and such Deviation would pass only through the Lands of the Petitioner, and, for a small Distance, through the Lands of certain other Persons, who are consenting the reto: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making such Deviation in the Line of the said Canal as the House shall judge sufficient for preventing, as far as may be, the Inconvenience and Injury the Petitioner must otherwise sustain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JoMordaunt, Mr. font, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And the said Order being read accordingly; v Resolved, That this House will, To-molrow Morning* resolve itself into the said Committee.'

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House iesolved itself into a Committee of the Committee Whole House, upon the Rill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of for better King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Observation " better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly of the Lord's " called Sunday." Day‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Peachey's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act _____________________________________________

Estate Bill for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James

read* Peachey, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, .

to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the , 25° j

Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

stud Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Prayers. *

Burford In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and closure Bill Common Fields, within the Parish of ,in the

committed. County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brassey Halhed, Sir Elijah Impey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tibthorpe In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, closure Bill Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township committed. of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkboum, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means de- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ferred. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

deferred. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Glass addi- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tional Duties to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, be now read.

SIR John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Mr. Curson's to whom the Petition of Penn Assbeton Curzon, of Petition for Gopsall Hall, in the County of 'Leicester, Esquire, vV7in8 was* referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the proposed Variation of the Line of the Bridge, Marston Bridge and Ashby de la Zouch Canal is only Ashby de la about the Distance of One Mile and a Quarter in Length, and does not go through any other Parishes than canal Bill ' were mentioned in the Notices given for the Bill, and reported. ' that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which the Variation goes are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report, the same,

.as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Smith, Surveyor, being examined, said, That since the depositing the Plan and Book of Reference with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicester, for making the Canal from Marston Bridge to Ashby de la Zouch, it appears, that by varying a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal, in the Parish of Shackerstone, in the said County, it not only will be an Accommodation to the Petitioner, but would shorten the Line of the said Canal, and render the same more beneficial to the Public, than if made in the Line laid down and described in the said Plan.

And the Witness added, That the Extent of the Variation is only about the Distance of One Mile and a Quarter, and that it does not go into any other Parish than was described in the Original Notices, and does not go through any Land except the Lands of the Petitioner, and of Two other Persons; — and it appeared to your Committee, that both those Persons, and also all the Occupiers, are consenting to the Variation, and that the Subscribers to the Undertaking are willing to make such Variation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston 3 Bridge,

AMb

Ludlow and Orleton Roads Bill reported.

Ludlow and Clee Hill Roads Bill reported.

Mr. Brath-waite's Peti-Xion against Skelton ln-cloeure Bill.

34 Geo. III.

25° Ma

367

Bridge, in the Parish of Bed in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close, in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to' the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for varying and shortening the Line of the said Canal, in the Parish of Shackerstone, in the said County Of Leicester, in certain Lands belonging to Perm Assketon Ctirzon, Esquire, and over certain Lands belonging to Jasper Leigh Goodwin, Esquire, and Thomas Strong Hall, Esquire, in the same Parish.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacey, to Bowden, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Brathwaite, of Skelton, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also the Common Fields of Skelton aforesaid; and that the Petitioner is legally seised in his own Right of an ancient Messuage, and also of several Scites or Foundations of ancient Messuages and Cottages, within the Town of Skelton aforesaid, and for which he claims a Right of Common for all Commonable Cattle, at all Times of the Year, upon the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Vol, 49.

and also a Right of Average in the said Common Fields of Skelton so intended. to be inclosed;, and that there is a Clause contained in the said Bill, which requires the Commissioner named therein to set out and allot Two Third Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, intended to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors as well of Messuages, Cottages, and Front-steads (such Frontsteads having had a House standing thereon within Forty Years previous to the 1st of January 1794;) and that there have not been any Houses standing upon the Petitioner's said several Scites within Forty Years previous to the said 1st Day of January 1794, and if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present State, the Petitioner is advised by his Counsel, that if he makes a Claim, for his said Scites, the Commissioner therein named cannot set out, allot, or award, any Part of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and Common Fields, of Skelton aforesaid, unto the Petitioner, for and in respect thereof, because he has not had any Houses standing thereon within the Forty Years last aforesaid; and the Petitioner, by the said Bill, is prevented from trying his Right, in the usual Way, which will be a real Injury to him: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given him to make such Alterations in the Clauses of the present Bill, and also to insert such other Clause and Clauses, as he shall be advised by Counsel, that will give him an opportunity of putting in his Claim for a Right of Common upon the Grojmds so intended to be inclosed by the said Bill, for and in respect of his said several Scites, and if such Claim be objected to, then a Power to have his Right thereto tried by an Issue at La#, Or to have the same referred to One or more Arbitrator or Arbitrators; and also to have such other Powers and Authorities inserted in the said Bill as is usual and customary in such and the like Cases; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Tiverton the Bill for paving and otherwise improving the Town Paving Bill of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was committed; rePorte<*-That the Committee had examined. the Allegations of die Bill, and found the same to be true; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, which was to fill the Blank with the Names of certain Persons to be Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was propose^ to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting -the Name of Richard Blundell, Esquire, as a Commissioner.

And

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Bill committed.

Reading and Puntfield Roads Bill committed.

Hoy land Inclosure Bill committed.

Forfar Roads Bill committed.

South Kelsey Inclosure Bill presented.

East Harp-ry Inclosure Bill reported.

368 . 25° Martii. . A. 1794.

And the Question being put, That the Name of Richard Blundell, Esquire, be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally pu.t thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Yean of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Irm, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the CouDty of Berks, and several other Roads in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That-the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Rol£, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ho in the Parish of Wath upon Dern, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ben-yon, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar,

" and for regulating the Statute Labour within the " same," and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finha was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. David Scott, Mr. Brodie, &c.*: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Cojnmon and Sheep Walks in and over the same: And the same was revived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hippisley Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common, or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mcndxp, lying. within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-

tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 350 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 1,451 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arable Fields, and a Common Meadow', within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hippisley Coxe, Mr. Rolle, &c. ? And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Hope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the' Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Penuies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Boi'rowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gaily Knight prerented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pan-eras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of 'Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley, and to the North

East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of

Three

Tintinhull Inclosure Bill committed.

Borrow-

stounness

Twopenny Scots Bill presented.

Foundling Hospital Streets Paving, fcc. Bill, presented*

Harrogate, and Ripon Roads Bill passed.

34 Geo. lit*

25° Matiiu

Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir John Ingilby do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

feedford Poor Mr. Whitbread, Junior, presented to the House, ac- Bill pre- cordingto Order, a Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, tented. and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Quarley In- Ordered, That Mr. Chute do make the Report from closure Bill the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, reported. and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton, was committed.

Mr. Chute accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BUI,* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were.agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts, The House being informed that Mr. Frost, from The &c. relating Hull Dock Company, attended at the Door; he was to Hull Docks called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presented. pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. An Account of the Original Cost of the Dock and Quay at the Town of Kingston upon Hull, at the Time when the same was finished; distinguishing therein the Quantity and Cost of the Land purchased by The Dock Company, upon Part of which was laid the Earth which was excavated from the Dock, and other Part thereof used in making the Dock; distinguishing also the Cost of any Warehouses or Dwelling Houses built upon the Quay, the Expence whereof may be comprehended in the Amount of such Cost of the Dock and Quay; and likewise distinguishing what Part of the Cost of the said Dock and Quay was defrayed by the Current Receipt of the Duties upon Trade and Shipping; what Part of His Majesty's Donation from the Customs; and what Part was advanced by the Subscribers; shewing, thereby, the respective Monies by which the Dock and Quay were made, and the Expence paid: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Money produced by the Sale of such Part of the Land, purchased by The Dock Company, as has been sold; distinguishing the different Times of Sale, and Total Produce of each Sale: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Money that has been advanced by the Subscribers, or Proprietors, in the Dock at Hull; distinguishing the -Date and Amount of each

Vol. 49.

Call, and the Total Sunt advanced Upon each £. 500 Share: And also,

N° 4. The Statd of the Proprietors Account Current, Debtor Und Creditor, at Hull, as the dame stands in the Company's Books, shewing what each Proprietor may have paid and received upon their respective Shares: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Total Yearly Interest, or Dividend* that has been paid to the Proprietors in The Dock Company at Hull, from the Revenue arising from the Dock and Quay; distinguishing each Year's Dividend, and distinguishing also whether any Part of such Dividend in any Year, and how much, has been of the Donation from His Majesty's Customs, granted by the Act of the Fourteenth of toe King* and likewise how much of the said Dividends has been the Produce of Lands sold: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Money that has been paid out Of the Revenue of the Dock and Qnay, at Hull, for other Purposes than for making the Works directed t^r the Act of the Fourteenth of the King, keeping the same in Repair, and the Wages to Servants and Labourers actually employed in and about the said Works, and specifying particularly such Purposes, other than as aforesaid, for which such Money has been paid, and the Time when: And also,

N° 7. The Paper, or Instrument, containing the Obligation, or Engagement, of the Original Subscribers before the Dock Bill, for the Act of the Fourteenth of the King, was brought into Parliament, whereby they obliged themselves to pay the Amount of their respective Subscriptions when called upon, with other Conditions respecting the said Dock and Quay: And also,

N° 8. The Books into which have been entered the Proceedings of The Dock Company themselves, since the Dock and Quay at Hull has been made (marked respectively B. C. D. E.): And also,

N° 9. An Account of Doqk Duties upon the Tonnage' of Shipping received, by The Dock Company at Hull, since the 31st December 1774; distinguishing each Year; And also,

N# i o. An Account of Wharfage or Quay Duties received, by The Dock Company at Hull, since the Opening or Landing of Goods upon the Quay or Wharf; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 11. An Account of all Ships and Vessels that paid Dock Duties at HuU in the Year 1793; distinguishing each Ship and Vessel, with the Tonnage and Dues paid by each: And also,

N° 12. An Account of all Ships and Vessels that arrived in the Year 1793 at Hull, and which had not paid the Dock Duties for the last or any past Voyage, at the 31st of December 1793, or are not contained in foe Account of that Year's Dock Duties; distinguishing each Ship or Vessel, Voyage, Time when arrived, and Amount of Dock Duties upon each: And also,

N° 13. The Deed of Covenant, dated 13th October 1780, between foe Mayor and Burgesses of Hull and The Dock Company, for the Exchange of a certain Part of the Premisses granted to The Dock Company by the King, for certain other Premisses belonging to foe said Mayor and Burgesses, amongst which is so much of the Fore Shore, lying between foe Land granted by His Majesty and foe River Humber, as was thereafter staked out for the Purpose of making a commodious Cut or Passage for Ships and Vessels from foe River Humber, into the Dock Bason, or other Works made, or to be made, by virtue of the Act for establishing Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull.

Together with a list of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And foe said List was read.

5 B Ordered,

uid

Victualling Bills Annuities Bill )>assed.

Committed on Militia Pay Bill.

Aliens Bill reported.

Glass additional Duties Bill deferred.

King's Consent to Wen-do ver Inclosure Bill.

370 25° Martil A. 1794

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers (except N*‘ 7, 8, and 13) are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. N°* 7, 8, and 13, were, by a subsequent Order of the House of the 1 ith Day of April) re-delivered to the proper Officer;

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities to Satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Biffs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills; and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future* *

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered \That the Order of the Ddy, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the tvhole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge o( the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Match, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-foUr, be now read.

And the said Order being- read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mt. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Wastelands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wen-dover, in the County of Buckingham; which Bill was, upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command,) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

having been informed Of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and " under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from " certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists, " or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain- and amend the said Act;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of that Motion.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House: and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, That, for the Purpose of more effectually guarding against any Attempt which may be made, on the Part of the Enemy, to execute their professed Design of invading this Kingdom, His Majesty has ordered a further Augmentation of His Land Forces, the Estimate for which He has directed to be laid before the House. It is also His Majesty's Intention to take Measures, in order to be able, in case of Emergency, to assemble speedily a large additional Force in any Part of the Kingdom where it may become necessary; and His Majesty relies, with Confidence, on the cordial and effectual Support of Parliament, and on the zealous and spirited Exertions of His People, in carrying into Execution such Measures as may be requisite for the general Security.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Perth, in the Room of the Honourable James Murray, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of Windsor and Thomas Stoner, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for extending

Motion for Catholic Dis-senters Bill, to be wjnsklered in a Committee.

King^t Message, for Augmentation of Forces.

Perth Writ.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for augmenting the Militia.

The Lords have passed

Dean and Canons of Windsor and Mr. Stoner's Exchange Bill.

Hull Docks Bill deferred.

34 Geo. IIL

256 Ma

the Dock and Quay At the Town and Pori of Kingston upon Hull, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Motion for a , A Motion was made, and the Question being put; Committee to That a Committee be appointed to take into Consi-th^Crimin&l deration so much of the Criminal Law of Scotland, as Law of Scot- relates to the Crime of Leasing-making — The Crime of land, &c. Sedition — The Right of Appeal from the Supreme

Criminal Courts in Scotland — The Right of Convicted Persons to a new Trial — The Law as it regards the Competency and Credibility of Witnesses, particularly in answering the Preliminary Questions — The Law respecting tee Admissibility of Evidence under the Allegation of Art and Part — The Mode of returning and chusing the Common Jury — The legal

Grounds of Objection to Jurymen ----- The Power of the Lord Advocate as Public Prosecutor — 1 — The Propriety of introducing a Grand Jury for die Purpose Of finding Bills of Indictment, and making Presentments in Criminal Cases — The Power of the Court in punishing Contempts of Court — The Power of the Sheriffs, and other Magistrates, in taking Precognitions, or Informations for the Commitment and Trial of Persons accused — The Power of Courts of inferior Jurisdiction in Criminal Matters, to try Crimes without the Intervention of a Jury — and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth*

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Whilbread, Junior,

Mr. Hussey:

The Lord Advocate

Tellers for the Noes, Attorney Gene-[ ral:

So it passed in the Negative.

24.

77-

In r. Hickey's A Petition of Joseph Hickey, of Street, West-

Petition minster, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; gainst New- Setting forth, That, under and by virtue of a certain ryl^^ath Deed of Conveyance from Adam Williamson, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of His Majesty's Island of Jamaica, bearing Date on or about the 18th Day of November 1791, the Petitioner is legally seised of a Mansion House, Garden, and other Premisses, situate at Hungerford, in the County of Berks, in the said Deed particularly described, and the said Adam Williamson is now resident in the said Island of Jamaica, on His Majesty's Service; and that the Petitioner hath perused a Bill depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; in which said Bill is contained a Proviso, whereby, amongst other Things, it is provided, that nothing therein contained should extend to authorize or empower the Company of Proprietors therein mentioned, or any other Person or Persons, to take or cut down any Timber Trees whatsoever (except such as should be in the immediate Line of the said Canal and Cuts respectively, or of the Towing Paths and Banks belonging thereto, or as should, in any Manner, obstruct the Navigation in the said Canal and Cuts respectively) nor to take, use, injure, or damage any House, or other Building, or any Ground which, upon some Time past (to be specified by the Bill) was the Scite of any House or other Building, or was a Garden, Yard, Park, or Planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or a Lawn or Pleasure Ground, inclosed or adjoining to . a Mansion House, w ithout the Consent of the respective Vol. 49.

Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except -the several Houses, Cottages, Mills, Buildings, Yards; Gardens, and Lands, specified in the Schedule thereunto annexed, all which said excepted Houses; Cottages; Mills, and Buildings, and Parts of Buildings, or any of them, it should be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take or pull down, and to sell or otherwise dispose of the Materials thereof as they should think proper, and also to take and make use Of the Scites of such Houses; Cottages, Mills, and Buildings, and Parts of Buildings, as well as the said excepted Yards; Gardens, and Lands; and Parts of Yards, Gardens; and Lands, for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Undertaking, they, the said Company of Proprietors, making Satisfaction to the several Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Houses, Cottages, Mills, and other Buildings, and Parts of Buildings, and the Scites thereof, and such Yards, Gardens, and Lands, and Parts of Yards, Gardens, and Lands, respectively, for the same, and for the Damages they should respectively sustain thereby; and the Petitioner perceives, in the said Schedule above referred to, the said Adam Williamson is named as Owner of a House, Garden,

Stable, Coach House, &c. in the Parish of Hunger-ford, in the Occupation of James Whitelocke; and that the Petitioner is possessed of the legal Estate in the said Premisses, late belonging to the said Adam Williamson, and although the Petitioner believes that the said Adam Williamson is well disposed to the passing, of the said Bill into an Act, yet that his Name ana Premisses were inadvertently inserted in the said Schedule, under an Apprehension that he had full Power to permit the same to be so inserted, and that the Person causing the Same to be inserted had sufficient Power to insert the same; and that the Petitioner hath been for some Time, and is now, under a Contract with the said James Whitelocke for the Sale of the said Premisses to him, so far as to have agreed with him that he shall have the Refusal of the Purchase thereof at a certain Sum; and the said Premisses are charged with the Payment of an Annuity of £. 30 a Year to one John Brown, a Gardener, during his Life, upon certain Terms mentioned in the Will of John Sherman,

Esquire, late of Hungerford, in the County of Berks, deceased, under which Will, and subject to ' which Charge, the said Adam Williamson owned the said . Estate, in consequence whereof the said Adam Williamson is not, as the Petitioner is advised, enabled to give his Consent to the said Premisses being mentioned in the said Schedule, and thereby subjected to be taken and used for the Purposes of the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That the said Premisses may be struck out of the said Schedule, and that he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill' as may affect his Interest and Claims as aforesaid, and that foe said Bill may not pass as it now stands, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seeni meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to foe Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by him- Self, or Counsel, before foe said Committee, upon hii Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at foe same Time, in Favour of foe said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who cotne to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed*

The other Orders of the Day being read } fjebate on

Ordered, That foe Debate on the Motion, made Motion to upon Friday last, That so- much of the Order, made upon the 12th Day of this Instant March (for refer- hearing ring foe Petition of foe Company of Proprietors of the Counsel on

Lancaster tb«

372

25*- — 26° Martii.

A. 1794.

and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill, further adjourned.

Slate, Stone, &c. Duties Bill deferred.

Mr.En-twisle's Petition against the Bill to extend the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, to Sladen and Red Moss.

Petition from Owners of Lands, &c. against D° Bill.

Lancaster Canal Navigation to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Caflal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth ¥ ear of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River

Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit) as directs that the said Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit, be discharged, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble.

And then the House, having continued to sit tHl after Twelve of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

A PETITION of John En of Foxholes, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, by Rochdale and Littleborough, to a certain Place at, or near to, Sladen, and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster;and Setting forth, That, by the Will of his Predecessor, the Petitioner, and his Heirs, are obliged to maintain the Dwelling House at Foxholes aforesaid, with the Out-buildings, Gardens, and Pleasure Grounds thereto belonging, and to reside at the said House, as the Family Mansion, and the Petitioner has already expended upwards of £. 5,000 in repairing and improving the same; and that it appears by the said Bill, that it is proposed to carry the Line of the intended Canal within about 127 Yards of his said Mansion House, and within about 55 Yards of his Out-buildings, and within a much less Distance of his Gardens and Pleasure Grounds; and the Petitioner submits, that, if the same should be carried in the Course proposed, it must greatly diminish the comfortable Possession and Enjoyment of his said Mansion House, and, in his Estimation, render the 6ame of but small Value as a Place of Residence: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may tend to his Injury or Inconvenience, and may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements situate on and near the Line of the proposed Extension of the Bolton and Bury Canal, from Hinde's Mill to Sladen, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said

tVtitMUr against the Bill to extent the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal to Sladen and Red Moss.

Bill; and Setting forth, Theft many of the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements* through which the Line -of such intended Canal is proposed to be carried, and, if the said Bill -should pass into a Law, the Property of the Petitioners wiH be very materially injured, and they are convinced, that no Advantage, either to themselves or the Public, will arise from such Canal: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law. and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the same, or such Parts thereof as most particularly affect their Interests,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Line of the said intended Canal passes through Lands the Property of the Petitioners, so as to be greatly detrimental to them, and Borne of the Petitioners have very valuable Mills, and other Buildings and Works belonging to their Manufactories, made at great Expence, which will be almost totally ruined if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and some of those Buildings and Works are so circumstanoed, in regard to their Situation, that there is no Opportunity, should they be rendered useless, of erecting others in their stead: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as respect their said Property, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners maw have such further or other Relief as to the House shaft seem meet.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the River Roach, and the several Brooks, Streams, and Feeders, flowing into the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there are upon ,the said River Roach, and the Brooks, Streams, and Feeders, flowing into the same, a great Number of very valuable Water Mills, and the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend that it is not practicable, upon the Line and Level proposed for sudi Canal, to make and maintain the same without taking and intercepting many of the Brooks, Springs, and Feeders, flowing into and supplying the said River Roach, and in such Manner as will deprive the said Mills, and the Manufactories thereupon, of their necessary and ordinary Supply of Water, not only to the essential Injury of the Petitioners, but to the Injury of the Trade of the Country and the Public, without producing, according to the Plan proposed, any possible Advantages to either: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally order to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Three last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitied to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Chester In-Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the -Parish closure Bill and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Dur- comnulle<) ham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Burdon, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir.

34 Geo. III. 26° Marta. 373

Longborough Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to reined6^ w^om Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open rep ‘ Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common*-able and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Longborough, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are, in the Whole, Thirty-nine Yard Lands, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Callicoe Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Corn-

Printers Bill mittee, to whom the Bill for amending, and making reported. perpetual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and " Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the " Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited " Time," was committed; That the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Orders for The House being informed that the several Peti-hearing the tioners, whose Petitions -were referred to the Con-aransTthe sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Leeds and the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation Liverpool from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said CanalNayr- Canal Navigation; to raise a further Sum of Money Counsel *&</ for completing the same; and to amend an Act, passed discharged. in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was committed, and who prayed to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard by Counsel on their said Petitions;

Ordered, That so much of the several Orders for referring the said Petitions to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill was. committed, as directs that the Parties be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed, to enquire into Vol. 49.

the Circumstances of an Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, and the Promoters of the said Bill, be discharged.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Petition from the Royal Burgh of Dundee, in behalf of the Com- Dundee, &c: munity thereof, tod of the several Persons thereunto ®a^^dgor' subscribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of For- Bill; far, and Perth, adjacent to the Turnpike Road in the former County, from Dundee towards Perth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the Hotise, upon the Petition of certain Heritors of the County of Forfar, and Trustees of the Turnpike Roetds in that County, for altering the Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year Of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads " in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the " Statute Laboiir within the same," and for enlarging the Powers of the Trustees appointed by the said Act, or to that effect; and that the Interests and Properties of the Petitioners will be materially injured and affected by several Parts of the said Bill, in case the same should pass into a Law, particularly in as far as it is thereby proposed to give Power to the said Trustees to increase the Rates of the Tolls upon the said Road, from Dundee towards Perth, to the Borders of the County of Forfar, passing through' the Parishes' of Dundee and Liss, and to join the Funds arising from the Tolls, collected on that Road to the Funds arising from the Tolls collected on the Road from Dundee to Ferryden, or upon other Roads in the Act mentioned, in order that the Tolls on the first-mentioned Road may be applied to the making, repairing, or keeping in Repair, any other Road in the said County of Forfar, contrary to the express Direction, Intent, and Meaning, of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Majesty, whereby it was declared, that the Produce of the Tolls on the said Road from Dundee towards Perth should, be applied for the Purposes of that Line of Road, and* no other in the Act mentioned, on the Faith whereof Money has been lent upon the Credit of the Tolls on that Line, which is still owing, and many Things have taken place on the Part of the Petitioners, and others of the Public; and that the Petitioners are ready to prove, that no Augmentation of Tolls, on the said Road from Dundee towards Perth, is necessary, and that no farther Powers are required respecting the same than those granted by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Majesty: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by; themselves, or their Counsel, against the Parts of the said Bill before alluded to, or by which their several Interests or Properties will be affected- or injured, and that the same so far may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said: Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge. the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for " regulating the Statute Labour within the stone," and' for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

5 C Lord

Answer to Address.

Claife Inclosure Bill presented.

Petitions in favour of the Bill to extend the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal to Sla-den and Red Moss.

Petition in favour of Leeds and Liverpool; Manchester, Bolton, and Bury; and Haslingden Canal Bills.

Petition! in favour of the Manchester, Bolton, and Barr; and Hatnagden Canal Bills.

374 26° Alar til A. 1794.

Lord Viscount Stafford reported to the House, That of promoting Agriculture and Commerce: And

their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would also,

be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Copy Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-of a Letter, dated Whitehall, the 14th Day of this In- holders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-stant March, and addressed to the Lords Lieutenant bitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bury, de-of the several Counties; together with the Plans and sirous of promoting Agriculture and Commerce; other Papers inclosed therein, might be laid before Were severally presented to the House, and read

this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Divi-

sion of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester: And also,

A Petition of the Purchasers and others interested in the Lands and Grounds, late Parcel of the Moor or Common adjoining and belonging to the Town of Bolton in le Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called in the Parish of Bury, by Rochdale and Little-borough, to a certain Place at or near to Sladen, and- also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon (he Table,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Towm and Neighbourhood of Bolton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand there is a Bill depending in the H6u9er to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Lweipool Canal to deviate the Line of that Canal, by carrying the same from the Town of Burnley, by Blackburn, and Chorley, to a Place called Red Moss -and to Wigan, there to . communicate with the Douglas Navigation, and by Means thereof as far as Newborough, to join the West End of the said Canal; and the Petitioners observe there is another Bill depending in the House, to make a Canal from tine Manchester, Bolton, arid Bury Canal, at Bolton, to the said Place called Red Moss; and the Petitioners also understand, there is another Bill depending in the House, to make a Carial from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bw^ Canal, at Bury, to a Blace called Church Kirk: And praying, That the said several Bills may pass into Lowb.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

-Table:

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clrirgy, Freeholders, Merchants^. Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of ihq Town and Neighbourhood of Bury, desirous

K

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for cutting and making navigable a Canal, from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bury, by Rochdale and Littleborough, to a Place at, or near, Sladen, and also from the same Canal at Bolton to Red Moss, there to join and communicate with a proposed Deviation of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that there is also another Bill depending, for making a Canal from Bury aforesaid to a Place called the New House, in Old Accrington, in the same County, there to form another Conamunication with the said deviated Canal: And praying, That the said Bills may pass into Laws.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

General Adeane presented to the House, according Chatteris and to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of so much Ramsey Road of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Bridge, in

the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Newcastle the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- gnurB selves, and the rest of the Commissioners and Trustees, Petition named, appointed, and elected, to put in execution reported, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the High " Road leading from the North End of the "sey, near the Towm of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the " Town bt Relford, and from thence to " in the County of Northumberland," and another Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, and for making the same more effectual, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Kerr, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in executing the Powers of the said Acts, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due, upon the Credit of the T0H9: — That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept iri Repair, uhless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

And the Witness added, That the said Road might be more effectually kept in Repair, if the Powers and Authorities of the said Acts were consolidated, and reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered,

Ludlow and Orleton Hoads Bill passed.

Ludlow and Clee Hill Roads Bill passed.

Rilliet'sNat. Bill committed.

Petition against the BiBtoazhend the River Trent Navigation Act.

34 Geo. III. 26°

375

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cotr-Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Burn,

in the County of N&rthUtitberlUrtd: And that Mr. Grey

and Sir Matthew White Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the ROad leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called- The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and PoWers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place of House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the 'turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to in the said

County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and! also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amehding, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb SirWdtffrfc* Lewes, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses Of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for Thirty Years and upwards last past, been possessed of a Cap-stern, erected and maintained by them at a very considerable Expence, on a certain Wharf, also belonging to them', on the Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, for the Accommodation of the Navigation, of the River, by assisting Vessels passing along the said River Vot. 49.

in their passage through the said Bridge, which is always difficult, and very frequently, from the particular Period of the Season or State of the River, extremely dangerous; and that such Capstem was originally erected' by the Petitioners or their Lessees, and has ever since been maintained by them, in consideration of a small but stipulated Gratuity; agreed to be paid them for the use of such Capstern, by every Vessel passing through such Bridge, whence, from the Number of the Vessels contributing thereto, the Petitioners have long derived a considerable Revenue; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending before the House (the main Object of which, being the further Improvement of the Navigation of the River Trent, has the decided Approbation of the Petitioners) under the Authority of which a Cut or Canal is intended to be made from, the Trent, above the said Bridge, at Beeston Meadow, into the Nottingham Canal, which by diverting the whole Course of the Navigation of the River from its present Course through the Trent Bridge, will deprive the Petitioners of nearly the whole of the Revenue they at present derive from the Money payable for die use of such Capstern; and that, although the Petitioners apprehend that the Bill in question will, if carried into a Law in its present State, have the effect to destroy and render of no Value the whole of the Petitioners Property in such Capstern, by annihilating the Annual Revenue derived therefrom, and also considerably to depreciate the Value of the Petitioners Wharf, which is materially connected therewith, yet, at particular Periods of the Season, the Communication with the Canal being impeded, or totally obstructed, whilst the Navigation of the River will still be practicable, the Safety and Security of all the Vessels navigating the River will, at those Periods, which will Annually occur, be dependent upon their having the Aid of a Capstern (placed in the Situation of that belonging to the Petitioners) in their Passage through the said Bridge:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into Law in its present Form, but that the House will afford to the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem' meet, and that in the mean Time, the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to- whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining-a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the side of the said River, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all' have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed'.

Thfe Order of the Day being read; for the Second Bill to extend Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- the Manch*-vigable Canal from the Manchester;Bolton and Bury *"* ®°lto^ Can til, now making at, or neatly at, a Place called teuton Hindis in the Parish of Bury, by Rochdale and and RedAlosa, LiltlebWqugh, to a certain Place at, or near to,; pot off for Six and also, another Navigable Canal from foe said Man- Month*. Chester, Bblton and BuryCanal, at Bohon, to a Place at.

Or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, all itt foe County Palatine of Lancaster;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The

The Lords have agreed to

Compton Inclosure Bill.

Mark Inclo-sure Bill.

376

26° Martii. A. 1794.

The. House divided.

The Noes went forth.

}»*

Tellers for the Noes,| rlo|^f eW°"' J 36.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimate of His Majesty's Command, Fencible

Estimate of the Charge of Seven Regiments, and Forty Troops of Fencible Cavalry, to be raised for "

Service in Great Britain, from 25th April 179410 24th December following, being 244 Days.

And the Tide of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Seven Regiments, and Forty Troops of Fencible Cavalry, to be raised for Service in Great Britain, from 25th April 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 244 Days.

Numbers. CHARGE.

One Regiment of Fencible Light Dragoons: -

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Offi- £. s. d.

cers, and Private Men - - - - 358 - 9,476 13 2

Charge of Clothing and Accoutrements for the

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men - - - 1,776 15 —

Agency - - - 174 13 2

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, Surgeons,

and Riding Masters ----- 285 4 —

Total for One Regiment - - ii,7i3 5- 4 r j

Six Regiments more, of the like Numbers 2,148 2,506 70,279 12 — *> tf. A.

81,99217 4

One Troop of Fencible Light Dragoons:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Offi-

cers, and Private Men 59 - 1,475 7 3

Charge of Clothing and Accoutrements for the 1

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men - - - - 296 2 6

Agency ----- -- 28 3 9

Allowances to the Captain and Riding Master - - 35 11 8

Total for One Troop - - - 1,835 5 2

Thirty-nine Troops more, of the like Numbers - 2,301 - 71,575 1 6

2,360 73,410 6 8

For the Purchase of Horses for the Non-commissioned

Officers and Private Men of the Corps above-; '

mentioned - - ' _ ' m 118,387 io —

Charge of Horse Furniture for Ditto - 26,327 2 6

Total - - 4,866 - - & 300,117 16 6

War Office, 26th March 1794-

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,. allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Mark Moor, and Sumner Leaze, and all the other Open, Common or Waste Lands, in the Manor of within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Maze'* Nat. Act for naturalizing James Maze; without any Amend- Eminent: And also, The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to have passed enable Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Ba- sir George ronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Shuckburgfa'* Evelyn; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Name EEl. this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Sir George Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Shuckburgh's Name Bill read.

34 Geo. III.

26° Martii.

377

Bill for al- An ingrossed Bill for allowing Vessels, employed in lowingWhale the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete, their fiill ^etTtbeir111' Number of Men at' certain Ports in the Isles of Orkney &*of Men, and Shetland, for a Time to be limited, was read the

passed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Indemnify- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning Govern- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ore, &c. in the House, to consider of indemnifying Governors, Lieu-T«w/«ndia tenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in 4he West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Militia Pay Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Bill reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Motion for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, MatereBiU8" to cons*^er of the Motion, made Yesterday, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in tlfe Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, " upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons, therein described, from certain Penalties and " Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing " the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons, therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or " Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law " subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors.

And Mr. Thomas Stanley moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Vo l. 49.

reported.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' intituled,

" An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons, therein described, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Randyll Burch, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to means‘

His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may-have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That mis House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for BUI for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties 'to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases: and

And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Notea^or-and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the dered. same.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Aliena Bill last Session of Parliament, Intituled, " An Act for P8**1establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for estaWishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " Cases."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Act to con-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue''."V. ,c " tinue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts fol^regulatin* " of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carry- the shipping " ing Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of of Slaves, to " Africa," might be read. J* C0D8ider-

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Ves-List of the Vessels which have arrived at the British sels arrived West India Islands from the Coast of A frica with Slaves, 8t '^est between the 5th of January 1793 and the 5th of Ja- from*Africa, nuary 1794; distinguishing the Time of Entry, the with Slaves, Ship's Name, her Tonnage, Number of Mariners at ordered, the Port of Arrival, from what Port of Great Britain cleared out, the Number of Slaves taken on board from the Time of the Ship's Arrival on the Coast to the Time of her Arrival at the Port of Discharge, the Number of Slaves that have died from the Time of the Ship's Arrival on the Coast to the Time of her Arrival at he Port of Discharge, and the Number of

5 D Slaves

Copy of Circular Letter to the Lords Lieutenants of Counties, &c. presented.

378 26° Martii. A. 1794.

Slaves on the Ship's Arrival at the Port of Discharge, as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Secretary Dundat presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Circular Letter to the Lords Lieutenants of Counties, Whitehall, 14th March 1794; And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " General Subscription And also,

N° 3. Plan of Augmentation of the Forces for Internal Defence: And also,

N° 4. A Paper, intituled, " Companies of Infantry " for Manning Batteries on the Coast."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Papers are as followethvix.

Copy of a CIRCULAR LETTER to the Lords Lieutenants of Counties.

Whitehall, 14th March 1794.

My Lord, or Sir,

Finding, from an Official Inaccuracy, that Copies of the Plans which have been prepared with a View to the augmenting the Internal Force of this Kingdom, have not been communicated to you, I have the Honour of inclosing Copies thereof herewith.

I am, $<?.

Henry Dundas.

GENERAL SUBSCRIPTION.

Whitehall, 14th March 1794.

It is naturally to be supposed, that Gentlemen of Weight or Property in different Parts of the Kingdom, will separately stand forward, in order to carry into Execution the several Parts of the Plan for the Security of the Country: But it seems also desirable a General Subscription should be opened, to be applied, under the Direction of a Committee, for the Purpose of assisting in carrying into Execution all or any of the Measures therein suggested, as Circumstances'.shall appear to require.

PLAN of AUGMENTATION of the FORCES for INTERNAL DEFENCE.

Whitehall, 14th March 1794.

In order to provide more completely for the Security of the Country against any Attempts which may be made on the Part of the Enemy, it may be expedient to adopt some, or all, of the following Measures:

I. To augment the Militia by Volunteer Companies, as was practised in the last War; or by an additional Number of Volunteers, t<f be added as Privates to each Company.

II. To form Volunteer Companies in particular Towns, especially in those situated on or near the

Sea Coast, for the Purpose of the local Defence of the particular Places where they may be raised, according to the accompanying Plan, or such other as may, on Application for that Purpose, be approved of, as best adapted to the Circumstances of any particular Town. .

III. To raise Volunteer Troops of Fencible Cavalry, consisting of not less than Fifty, nor more than Eighty, per Troop; who will be to serve only during the War, and within the Kingdom. The Officers will have temporary Rank only, and will not be entitled to Half Pay. The Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloathing, will be furnished by Government; but the Levy Money for the Men to be furnished by the Persons who undertake to raise such Troops; and the Horses to be found by them, but to be paid for, at a reasonable Price, by Government.

A Person raising Two Troops, to have the temporary Rank of Major; Four Troops, that of Lieutenant . Colonel; and Six Troops, that of Colonel.

IV. To

King's Message for Augmentation of Forces considered; and Address thereupon.

34 Geo. III. 26° Mart*. 379

IV. To form other Bodies of Cavalry within particular Counties or Districts, to consist of the Gentlemen and Yeomanry, or such Persons as they shall bring forward, according to the Plans to be approved of by the King, or by the Lords Lieutenants, under Authority from His Majesty; and the Officers to receive temporary Commissions from His Majesty j and the Muster Rolls also to be approved by His Majesty, or by the Lords Lieutenants, at Periods to be fixed. No Levy Money to be given; and the Horses to be furnished by the Gentry or Yeomanry, who compose the Corps; but the Arms and Accoutrements to be supplied at the Expence of'.the Public. Such Corps to be exercised only at such Times as shall be fixed by Warrant from His Majesty, or by the Approbation of the Lords Lieutenants. To be liable to be embodied or called out of their Counties by special Directions from His Majesty, in case of actual appearance of Invasion; and to be liable to be called upon, by Order from His Majesty, or by the Lord Lieutenant or Sheriff of the County, to act within the County, or in the adjacent Counties, for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults. In either case, while actually in Service, they shall receive Pay as Cavalry; and be liable to the Provisions of the Mutiny Bill.

V. To enroll and appoint Places of Rendezvous for a sufficient Number of Persons in different Parishes mid Districts, particularly in Places near the Sea Cdast, to serve as Pioneers, or to assist the Regular Force in any manner that may be necessary, on the shortest Notice, in Cases of Emergency.

Companies of INFANTRY for Manning BATTERIES on the Coast.

Companies of Infantry for Manning Batteries on the Coast, each to consist of,

1 Captain.

2 Lieutenants. '

3 Serjeants.

3 Corporals.

2 Drummers.

6o Private Men, at least, One Third to be armed with Firelocks, the other to have Pikes, Eight Feet long.

The Officers to be recommended by the Lords Lieutenants of Counties, but to have Commissions from the King.

To assemble Two Days in each Week, to practise. The Officers to be allowed Pay; and the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men, each One Shilling per Day, for the Days they are at Exercise. To have Cloathing given by Government, that they may be all uniform. Not to be removed more than Five Miles from Home, unless ordered by His Majesty on the Appearance of an Invasion, when they are to be called out, and paid Kke other Militia; but not to be removed out of their County. Officers on Half Pay will be accepted, if recommended.

To be under Military Law when embodied, and under the Command of a General Officer.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will cordially concur in such Measures as may appear necessary for guarding, in the most effectual Manner, against any Attempt on the Part of the Enemy, to execute their Vox.. 49.

professed Design of invading this Kingdom: That with this View I we shall be ready to make Provision for the further Augmentation of His Majesty's Land Forces, and for enabling His Majesty, in Case of Emergency, to assemble an additional Force in any Part of the Kingdom where Circumstances may require it: That, in the Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which His Majesty is engaged, which involves in it the Safety and Happiness of His Subjects, His Majesty may rely on the continuance of our firm and decided Support, which cannot fail to be seconded by the zealous and spirited Exertions of a brave and loyal People; .

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "just and necessary."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

His

380 26° Martii. . 1T94.

His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Col-House, for'His most Gracious Message; and to assure lections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the His Majesty, that this House will cordially concur in Nabob of Ai'cot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, Land

such Measures as may appear necessary for guarding, Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years,

in the most effectual Manner, against any Attempt according to the latest Advices; together with the

on the Part of the Enemy, to execute their professed latest Estimate of the same: And also,

Design of invading this Kingdom: That with this N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed View we shall be ready to make Provision for the by the India Company at the Presidency of Fort

further Augmentation of His Majesty's Land Forces, Saint , and the Settlements subordinate thereto;

and for enabling His Majesty, in Case of Emergency, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distin-

to assemble an additional Force in any Part of the guishing the same under the respective Heads of, Ci-

Kingdom, where Circumstances may require it: That, vil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the

in the Prosecution of the just and necessary War in Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs,

which His Majesty is engaged, which involves in it for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; to-

the Safely and Happiness of His Subjects, His Majesty gether with the latest Estimate of the same: And

may rely on the Continuance of our firm and decided ' also,

Support, which cannot fail to be seconded by the N° 6. A Comparison of tire Estimated and Actual

zealous and spirited Exertions of a brqve and loyal Amount of the Revalues of the East India Company People. at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settle-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His ments subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coin-

Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. age Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land

Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah Volunteer Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of Tanjore, See. Land Revenues, and Farms and Li-wdered*'^ for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, cences, for the Year 1792-3, and of the Charges de-

or ere ‘ or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll them- frayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the

selves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for said Presidency and Settlements, and in The Carnatic

the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same re-

.War: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. spectively, under the several Heads of, Civil and Mili-

Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor tary, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the

General, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and Revenues and Customs: And also, bring in, the same. N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the

East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads

Annual Re- Directors of the East India Company, attended at the of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences,

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to arid Subsidy from the Marattas, for Three Years, ac-

of theEast the House, pursuant to their Orders, cording to the latest Advices; together with the latest

India Compa- N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the Estimate of the same: And also, nj, presented. East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Ba- N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed har, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bom-Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Col- bay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distin-lections, BenatesRevenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Re- guishing the same under the respective Heads of, Ci-venues, Customs, and the Receipt from the Sales of vil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Cus-latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of toms, for Three Years, according to the latest Ad-the same: And also, vices; together with the latest Estimate of the same:

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed And also, by the East India Company in the Provinces of N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual

Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements sub-Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Build- ordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, ings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on 1791-2, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, accord- Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency ing to the latest Advices; together with the latest and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively, Estimate of the same: And also, under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military,

N® 3, A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Reve-Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company nues and Customs: And also,

in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, ana N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges de-from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or frayed by the East India Company for the Manage-Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Re- ment of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at venue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and Madras, and at Bombay, so for as the same can be dis-the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, for the tinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectYear 1792^3, and of the Charges defrayed by the said tively, for Three Years, according to the latest Ad-Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and vices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective And also,

Heads of, Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges N° 10. ( ). An Account of the Expences of the of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Re- Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, venues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year: together with the latest Estimate of the same: And And also, also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of N® to (b). An Account of the Expences of the the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the also,

N® 11.

34 Geo. III. 26° — 27° Mattii 881

N° 11. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government* from the 30th April 1793 to the 1st May 1794: And also,

N° 12. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th April 1793 to the 1st May 1794: And also,

N° 13. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from 30th April 1792 to 1st May 1793: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint , and Bombay,

between the 30th Day of April 1793 and the 1st Day of May 1794: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in The East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between 30th April 1792 and 1st May 1793> agreeable to the Orders of 15th September 1785 and 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th April 1792 to the 1st May 1793: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1st May 1792 to the 30th April 1793: And also,

N® 20. Abstract of the Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th April 1791 to 1st May 1792: And also,

N® 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory at Canton, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N® 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1792-3, together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoices: And also,

N® 23. Annual Account, made up to the 1st Day of March 1794, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of the Goods and Merchandizes of the said Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the same for the current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain, or afloat: Ana also,

N® 24. Comparison of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company, exclusive of their Capital Stock, as made up to the ist March 1793 and the 1st March 1794.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Vol. 49.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ta deferred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, . be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Glass addl-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Puti®? the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional 1 e erre ' Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27° die Martii;

Anno 34® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for paving and otherwise im- Tiverton

proving the Town'of Tiverton, in the County of Paving Bill . Devon, was read the Third Time. passed.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. To leave out " Trustees," and insert " Feoffees," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Beimet Popkin, of Kettle Hill, in Mr. Bennett the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, was presented to the Popkin's House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Petition, in has read the Petition of the most Noble Henry - Swansea set, Duke of Beaufort, presented to this House, pray- Canal BilL ing, That he might be heard, by his Counsel, against the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon, and that the same might not pass into a Law, as also, the Petition of Thomas Lockwood,

Esquire, the Elder, John Morris, Esquire, (a Lessee of the Petitioner) the Reverend Edward Lockwood, Henry Calverley Cotton, Esquire, and Thomas Lockwood,

Esquire, Lessees of the said Duke, to the same effect; and, his Grace has, in his said Petition, stated himself to be Lord of the Seigniory of Gower, in the County of Glamorgan, and entitled to several Rivers,

Brooks, and Streams of Water, situate upon the intended Line of Canal, and also certain Lands, Tenements, and Veins or Mines of Coal, and Open Collieries, through which the said Canal is intended to pass j and that Charles Noel Somerset, Duke of Beaufort,

5 E Father

27° Martii.

A. 1794.;

Father of the present Duke, had granted a Lease, in the Year 1754, of Ninety-nine Years, to the Persons therein named, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns* to work the said Veins or Mines of Coal, and for that Purpose to erect Works, Mills, and other Buildings, and to divert and use the Water in the said Rivers; and that the Petitioner is seised of certain Tenements and Lands called Tyr Cenol, Tyr Forest Tyr Evan Llwyd, and sundry

other Lands and Hereditaments lying and being in the Parish of Langefelach and in the said County of Glamorgan, and also all the Veins or Mines of Coal under the same, amounting to a very large Quantity, all which Veins or Mines of Coal are acknowledged to be Of the very best coaking or binding Quality, and through, or near to, which the said Canal is intended to pass, and which, owing to the Distance from the Port of Swansea, and great Expence of Land Carriage thereto, has heretofore been prevented from being worked to any Advantage, nor can they hereafter be worked to Effect, or with Success, without the Aid of such Canal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

East Camel! Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, ae-Inclosure Bill cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and presented. inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Harptry An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure Biu a Tract of Common, or Waste Land, Part of the Forest P333^- of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common, or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry, in die County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Coxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to

upon Tyne Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of

and Bucktou Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tented. the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the near the Town of

Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Bum, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a* Second Time.

Bill to amend Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Se-Act for better vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Observation House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and dav deferred *mend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ' , ' Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act

" for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday."

Callicoe An ingrossed Bill for amending, and making perpetual,

Printers Bill, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign passed. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the

" Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing " Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting

the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers ana

Proprietors, for a limited Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and making perpetual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Ehcouragement of the Arts of designing and printing " Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting " the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and " Proprietors, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Rawreth and Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the rn<^n,1>t.vL County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ston, Mr. Holden Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir TVatkin Lewes, Knight, was pre- Petition of Sir sented to the House, and Tead; Setting forth, That 'Vatkin the Petitioner has read the Petition of the most Noble Henry Somerset, Duke of Beaufort, presented to this 8ca canal House, praying that he might be heard, by his Counsel, Bill, against the Bill for making and maintaining a Nar vigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of in the County of Brecon, and that the same might not pass into a Law; as also, the Petition of Thomas Lockwood,

Esquire, the Elder, John Morris, Esquire, the Reverend Edward Lockwood, Henry Calverley Cotton, Esquire, and Thomas Lockwood, Junior, Esquire, Lessees of the said Duke, to the same effect; and, his Grace has, in his said Petition, stated himself to be Lord of the Seigniory of Gower, in the County of Glamorgan, and entitled to several Rivers, Brooks, and Streams of Water, situate upon the intended Line of Canal, and also certain Lands, Tenements, and Veins or Mines of Coal, and Open Collieries, through which the said Canal is intended to pass; and that Charles Noel Soma-set, Duke of Beaufort, the Father of the present Duke, had granted a Lease, in the Year 1754, for Ninety-nine Years, to the Persons therein named, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to work the said Veins or Mines of Coal, and for that Purpose to erect Works,

Mills, and other Buildings, and to divert and use the Water in the said Rivers; and that the Petitioner begs leave to state to the House, -as an Act of Justice due to himself and Family, who are materially interested in the Success of the Canal, that he is seised of certain Lands, Tenements, Veins and Mines of Coal and Open Collieries, through which the said Canal is intended to pass, which, though nearly adjoining the Noble Duke's Property, cannot be worked effectually without the Aid 01 such Canal; and that the Lessees of the said Noble Duke, not contented with manifest Encroachment, and other Obstructions on the Right of Public and Private Property, are desirous of preventing the intended Canal taking place, by which the Petitioner's Property, as well as a large Line of Country, abounding in Lime, Coal, Culm, and Iron Ore, alone, can be brought to a Port, and, should they effect the same, the Petitioner's Property, as well as a vast Property belonging to other Individuals, who have presented a Petition to this House, in support of the Canal, will remain unworked, or at the Pleasure of the said Duke's Lessees, to great Public and private Injury:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways in the Abingdon Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, for bet- Paving, &c. ter cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, B,ll» passed. 2? Lanes,

34 Geo. III. 27° Mart383

Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therefrom; and for otherwise improving the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir JV Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

against Cam- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of

inid &cPa Bill Estates. in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of ing, c. i . Cambridge, and residing in the said Town, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions " and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets,

" Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Clauses, Powers, and Regulations, which, if carried into effect, will be highly prejudicial to the Property and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names favour of are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Trad-tiavi^Uon ers res*ding within the Town of Cambridge, in the Bjg, County of Cambridge, was presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Out-well, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the thereunto Subscribers, Citizens, Aberdeen Burgesses, and Inhabitants of Aberdeen, was presented tgamstAber- to House, and read; Setting forth, That a Peti-

Q6£n JravHur ' 7 o

&c. BilL tion "as been presented to the House, in the course of the present Session, purporting to be from the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Aberdeen, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, Vol. 49.

and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with Spring Water, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, &c.; and that, by the Provisions of the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, the Rights, Interests, and Privileges, of the Petitioners would be deeply and materially affected, as the Bill now stands: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that, if insisted in, the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard, in Opposition to the same, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at tile same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the thereunto Subscribers, Burgesses, Another Citizens, and Inhabitants of Aberdeen, was presented to Petition from the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise deeiTVaving] improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Pas- &c. Bill sages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with Fresh Water, and for removing ana preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, so far as the same has been published to the Petitioners, and by which they would be essentially injured in their Property and Interest, proposes a heavy Assessment on the Rents of Houses,

Shops, and Warehouses, which they occupy, and that for Improvements altogether undenned, agreeable to neither Plan nor Description which they have seen, and left entirely to the arbitrary, alarming, and uncertain, Determination of Commissioners, vested with the most dangerous discretionary Powers; and that, to heighten the Aggravation of the Petitioners Case, the Bill, far from being a Bill of Experiment, as might have been expected, and contrary to all sound Discretion and commendable Example in such Cases, has no fixed Period of Duration, but is proposed to be perpetual: That the discretionary Power of the Commissioners is, by the said Bill, extended in a most alarming Degree in one Particular, whereby the whole Inhabitants of the said City would be obliged, from the Produce of this heavy Assessment, and on a Principle as unexampled as it is unjust, to furnish a Sum of many Thousand Pounds to provide a few Hundreds of the more wealthy Citizens with Water into their Houses, when the whole Inhabitants of every Description might be amply supplied, agreeable to their most ardent Wishes, by Public Wells, for a Sum not much above as many Hundred Pounds, according to the Plan of an ingenious and disinterested Citizen, whose Propositions for that Purpose have been received by the great Body of the Citizens with Gratitude, and the most Public Testimonies of cordial Approbation; and that, although the Treasury Fund of the said City, destined in its Original Institution for the Public Benefit of the whole Community in Matters of Police, and to which every Burgess largely contributes, has been for many Years in a State of progressive Improvement,

384 27° Mar Hi. A. 1794.

tnent, especially by an Act of the Town Council, whereby the Admission Dues of Burgesses have been doubled, and the Inhabitants have largely contributed in Aid to the said Treasury Fund, for Water, Pavement, and Lamps, for the greater Part of this Century, as well as that Foot Pavements in many of the principal Streets have been made, at the private Expence of Proprietors of Houses, in their Line of Direction, yet an Attempt is now made, by the proposed Bill, to draw from the Fund, to be established by it, a large Sum of several Thousand Pounds, said to be due for Water, but which has been chiefly laid Out, without any previous Authority from the Citizens, or their Opinions taken on the Subject, in opening and paving new Streets, the principal of which leads directly to Grounds the Property of the Public Treasury, and since let on Building Leases, or Feus, to an Advantage of many Hundreds per Cent, and by means of which the Revenue of that Fund has been greatly increased: That this Claim is not only ill founded, and cannot in Justice be demanded from the Citizens, but, if granted, would greatly retard, and tend to effectually check the Improvements proposed by the Bill; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves liable to be affected by no Assessments for Public Improvements except within the Royalty, and present Circuit of the Borough, and then only when it becomes evident, that the Treasury Funds are incapable of furnishing the Aid necessary for such Improvements, and not until those Improvements are regularly described in their Lines and Boundaries, and ascertained by Plans and Estimates, before they are introduced into any Bill to be passed into a Law: That, in the means of Conviction for Offences against the Regulations in the Bill, by the Testimony of one Witness, as well as in the high Penalties annexed to such Transgressions, there is an evident and unnecessary Deviation from the course of the Common Law; and that the said Bill,

/ being in the Particulars already stated, as well as in its general Principle, and in many of its other Enactments, highly arbitrary, exceptionable, and extremely disagreeable, to the Petitioners, as well as to a great Majority of the Citizens, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of Aberdeen, they implore the Indulgence of the House, if, in thus stating their Objections to a Measure, to them very deeply interesting, they shall have in any Degree departed from ordinary Rules, or have erred in point of Form, and, confiding in the Wisdom and Justice of the House, the universial Guardian of the People's Rights, they humbly intreat that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that, if insisted in, they may be heard, in Objection to the same, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Kcevil, Id- Ordered, That Mr. A do make the Report from

maston, kc. the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and

B'U^re orted a ^n8 Gpen and Common Fields, Open Downs, i ,repo . common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste

Lands, within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbwy de la Folly, in the County of Wilts, was committed.

Mr. Amyatt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 43. who refused their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 30. wha declared themselves neuter; and that the Annual Value of all the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to £. 2,096. 1 s. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and The Lords

Mr. Graves: have aSreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kington Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts," Roads Bill, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for' repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act porthywai». for making a Navigable Canal from, or near, Porthy- and New-wain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanyblodwell, in town, &c. the County of Salop, to, or near, Newtown, in the CanalBiU-County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Jackson Mason, of Lancaster, in the Mr. Mason* County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentleman, was pre- Petition, resented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That sr*tin?M'*®4' Henrietta Maria Atherton, of Atherton Hall, in the said Consentto County of Lancaster, Spinster, lately presented a Peti- the Bill to tion to this House, stating, that a Bill is depending, extend the to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, to extend such Navigation,. by avH

making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lancaster Canal Navigation, at, or near, a certain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join the Canal Navigation of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes; and that, in the List of Land Owners annexed to the Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill, she is stated as having consented thereto, and that her Consent, so stated to have been obtained, was given not only under' the Impression of Representations made to her by the Agent for the Application, and which Representations, according to her Conception of them, she has since discovered, were wholly unfounded, but also on certain Conditions respecting the Direction in which the said Canal should be made near the Mansion House, Plantations, and Pleasure Grounds of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton, and which Conditions, although promised at the Time to be fulfilled, are, os it seems to her by the Plan annexed to the Petition, not intended to be complied with; and that she has lately discovered, that the making of the said Canal in the Direction,

Manner,

34 Geo. III. 27°

Manner, and under the Regulations proposed, will be highly prejudicial to her Property in the Neighbourhood thereof, and particularly injurious to her Interests in respect to certain Collieries in the Parish of Leigh, and she therefore prayed the House to be heard by her Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as might affect her Interests, and that the same might not pass into a Law in the Manner proposed, or that she might have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and, the said Petition of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton has been referred to a Committee of the whole House, and a Report made thereon; and that the Petitioner Jackson Mason is the Solicitor or Agent for the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, and the Person alluded to in the said Petition of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton, and he begs Leave to represent to the House, that the Conditions upon which the Petitioner obtained the Assent of Miss Atherton are, he conceives, by the Bill

now depending and referred to by the Petition of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton, strictly complied with, although such Conditions do not, nor could appear in the Plan annexed to the Petition, because a Copy of the Plan so annexed was lodged at the Office of the Deputy Clerk of the* Peace for the County of Tmh-caster prior to such Promises being made, and therefore, by the Rules and Orders of the House, could not be altered; and that the Petitioner begs Leave further to represent to the House, that, prior* to any Survey of the said intended Extension of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to Worsley, Application was made, by the Guardian of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton, not only to the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, but also to the principal Agent of the Duke of Bridgewater, requesting that the Line of the said Canal might be carried by Leigh, the Guardian of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton then declaring that such Canal would be very beneficial to her Estates, and that the Company might expect every Assistance in their Power; and that the said Canal was begun to be surveyed in the Month of May last, and finished in the Month of August following, and that not only the Steward and Land Surveyor, but also the Guardian of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton, were made acquainted with the Line of the said Canal, and acquiesced therein, until the Month of November last, when it was too late to make any Alteration in the Plan; and that the Assent of the said Miss Atherton was given to the Petitioner without any Misrepresentation on the Part of the Petitioner, or, as the Petitioner verily believes, any Misconception on her Part, and the Petitioner offered Evidence before the Committee to prove what Steps had been taken upon such Assent, as also that various Acts had been done, as well before the said Miss Athertons coming of Age as afterwards, by Persons then and still entrusted with the Management of her Estates, all tending to prove an implied Assent or Acquiescence on their Parts, and to confirm the Evidence given by the Petitioner, and the Petitioner conceives and submits to the House, that the same ought to have been, but was not, received by the said Committee; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that an Assent so obtained ought not to be allowed to be retracted, more especially when the Line of the said Canal could easily have been taken another way, but was.conducted in the present by Means, and at the Instance, of the Agent of the said Miss Atherton, and the Lancaster Company have incurred a heavy Expence thereby: And therefore praying to be heard, on the Part of the said Lancaster Canal Proprietors, by Counsel and Witnesses, at the Bar of the House, or, that the said Petition of the said Henrietta Maria Atherton may be re-committed, for the Purpose of hearing-further Evidence, or that such other Relief may be granted as to the House may seem meet.

Vol. 49.

Martii. 385

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Turther Con-further Consideration the Report which was made sideration of from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henrietta Mi^Ather-Maria Atherton, of Atherton Hall, in the Parish of ton's Petition Leigh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Spinster, deferred, was referred;

The said Report was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Volunteer House, according to Order, a BUI for the Encourage- Corps Bill ment and Disciplining of such Corps, or Companies presented, of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War:

And the same was received; and read the First *

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of to consider of indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant indemnifying Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and west India Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Islands. Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods ' and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according giu for more to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made effectual Prein the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- vention of jesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be Smuggling, imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cam- present* bricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

5 F Resolved,

386 27° Martii. . 1794.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Acts relating The House was moved. That an Act, made in the to Shipping Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se-^on &aVlga" con^» intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and to be consi- " increasing of Shipping and Navigation," might be dered. read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in' the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

" Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's " Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies " direcdy to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " revive several Acts for the Punishment of Persons " destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works,

" erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine running of Goods, and to " Copper Ore, of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by the Act, of the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for cartying Sugar, of the Growth of the British Sugar " Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of " His Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and " navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or Bent," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase " and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Report Ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bills. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1795, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment D*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer 1

Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1795, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the ^aw-Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of " Portugal," which was to continue in Force from

and after the 25th Day of March 1758, for and during the Term of Fifteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 25th Day of March 1793, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr Rose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the 13th Day of this Instant March, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill for Order, a Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the stamping Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read pre-the First Time. seated.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House slate, stone, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. Dude* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Du- Bill deferred-ties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Act to to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Par- cont"\n®'and liament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, the shipping " for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves of Slaves dein British Vessels from the Coast of ," be ferTed-

now read.

And

34 Geo. III.

27° — 28° Martii.

387

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Glass addi- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tional Duties to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred. UpGn the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rpsolve itself into the said Committee.

Counsel fur- The other Order of the Day being read, for the ther heard on further Hearing of Counsel upon the BUI for improving and Kin"^ Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part Lynn Drain- of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, age Bill. and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place caUed Emu Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lym, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Couneel for and against the Bill were caUed in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of King's Lynn; and also, for the Petition of the Gen-demen, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the Town of Lynn; and also, for the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Country of Marshland; and also, for the Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn and South Lynn All Saints, lying on die East Side of the River Ouze, by Permission of the House, exa-' mined another Witness in Support of the said Petitions, whom they had stated to the House, before they closed their Evidence in behalf of the said Petitions, as being prevented from attending, by an unavoidable Necessity, at the Time when he ought regularly to have been examined.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,98° die Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Pillarton Inclosure Bill presented.

Prayers.

SI R John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pillarton otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick: Apdthe same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dunchurch A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keep ?Td f ins in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to

Road Bill, °v A,

committed. y u

in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to remove certain Difficulties in the Nen Naviga-Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year p of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. ji- To leave out " or" and ' insert

" and " instead thereof.

Pr. 17. 1. 11. After " Proprietors" to insert " respectively."

Pr. 23. 1.36. To leave out " Purchase of " and insert " Rent instead thereof; and to leave out " as a."

Pr. 28. 1. 36. After " Commissioners" to insert " Overseer or."

Pr. 29. 1. 7. To leave out " and " and insert

" or" instead thereof.

1. 36. After " made " to insert " or to " be made."

Pr. 41. 1. 3. After " Overseer" to insert " or " Overseers."

1. 12. After " Overseer " to insert " or " Overseers."

Pr. 42. 1. 12. After " Overseer" to insert "or

" Overseers."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Harrison's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhm.se, in the rePorte<1> a*"1 County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Har- passed‘ won, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill

388

28° Martii.

A. 1794.

Porthouse's Bill committed.

Messr*. Ken- A Bill for vesting in John Kendrew and Thomas drew and Porthouse, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

the sole Use and Property of a certain Mill or Machine, for Spinning Yam from Flax and Hemp, of their Invention, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, Bill reported. certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and

East Brent inclosure

Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain:

An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance

being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post: the County of Somerset, was committed; That the An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Con-Committee had examined, and found that the Standing veyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within had been complied with; and that the Committee those Islands:

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found An Act for augmenting the Militia:

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the Committee (except certain Freeholders, who of the said Company

claim to be entitled to Four Rights of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, who declared themselves to be Neuter; and also, except certain Leaseholders, whose Claims amount to Thirteen, who also declared themselves Neuter; and that the whole Number of Rights of Common belonging to the Freeholders amount to Ninety-five, and the Rights of the

An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with The Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for amending the said Act:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

Leaseholders to Thirty; and that no Person appeared from and out of the Canal Navigation from

before the Committee to oppose the Bill);.and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by County of Chester:

to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to, or near to, Chapel Milton, in the County of Derby, and a Communication, by Railways or Stone Roads, from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said

Petition in favour of Swansea Canal Bill

Royal Assent to Bills.

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Owners of Tin and Copper Mines, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves and Partners, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That the Swansea Canal Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman of Northampton:

Usher of the Black Rod: An Act for altering an Act, passed in the Seventh

Mr. Speaker, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several " Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Man-Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im- " Chester, in the County Palatine of ," by

mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation,

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from, or near, Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of in the County of Salop, to, or near, Newtown, in the County of Montgomery, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal:

An Act for extending the Wyrley and Essington Canal:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of, and from, the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooke, in the County of Warwick, into the

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate:

An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House purchase certain Buildings and Hereditaments for the of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal Purpose of making a new Road at the Entrance into was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal the Town of Saint Alban:

Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in mentioned; and also imjjowering His Royal Highness Repair the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the County:

Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said

An Act to enlarge the Teitn and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Tenth

34 Geo. III. 28 Martii. 389

Tenth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from,

in the County of Warwick, through to a Lane

leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common,.in the County of

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Easingwold, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to, the Roads comprized in the said Acts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shelton, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Dunham, in the County of Norfolk: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Shilton, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the Parish of Whalley, in the Hundred of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, with the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Little Voi. 49.

Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open,

Common, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for naturalizing John Bergne:

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien:

An Act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick:

An Act for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobel, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobel:

An Act for naturalizing James.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Keevil, Id-and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, maston,&c. Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Inclosure Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury Bl1 ' ^as3ed' de la Folly, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.#

' The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 18. To leave out "and as such is entided to certain Glebe Lands."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Elizabeth Bainbrigge of Woodborow, Miss Bain-in the County of Nottingham, Spinster, was presented brigge's Pe-to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- ".^pun8t tioner is sole Proprietor of all the Lands and Grounds amen(jthe within the Lordship of Lockington, in the County of Riv»r Trent Leicester (except Two Meadows, containing about Navigation Eighteen Acres, called The Pen Meadows, the Pro- Act-perty of Assheton Curzon, Esquire); and that Two Rivulets, or Brooks, the one called Hemmington Brook, and the other called Lockington Brook, run through a great Part of the Lordship of Lockington, and join each other in the said Lordship, and after such Junction, empty themselves into the River Soar, about Three hundred Yards before the said River Soar communicates with the River Trent; and that the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish . of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River; and that a Dam or Weir is intended to be made over the said River Trent, below, and near to, the Soar Mouth, Five or Six Feet high, in order to pen and dam up the Water to the Lock at the lower End of Sawley new Cut, and . such Dam or Weir will pen and dam up the Water Five or Six Feet higher in the said Brooks, running through the Petitioner's Lands and Grounds, than they have heretofore usually been, or would be, in case such Dam or Weir was not made, and thereby the Drainage of the Petitioner's Estate will be completely stopped up, upwards of Forty Acres of valuable Land laid under Water, and her Property otherwise greatly injured, tp an Extent not at present to be ascertained: And therefore praying, That the Dam or Weir, intended to be made over or across the said River Trent, below, and near to, the Soar Mouth, may not be made, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by her Counsel, against the Power to be given for making such Dam or Weir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 5 G Consideration

Order for 2° Reading of Swansea Canal Bill read.

Petition from the Duke of Beaufort and others against D° Bill.

Petition from Morriston against D° Bill.

390 28° Martii. A. 1794.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her to add, at the End of the Question; the Words " upon Counsel, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, " this Day Six Months."

if she thinks fit. And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of the House, withdrawn, mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Then the main Question being put;

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Petition. Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were The Order of the Day being read, for the Second called in.

Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- And the said Bill was read a Second Time,

gable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County And the Petition of Henry Somerset Duke of Beau- Swansea

of Glamorgan, in the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the fort; and also, the Petition of Thomas Lockwood, Canal Bill County of Brecon; Esquire, the Elder, John Morris, Esquire, the Reverend read 2°-

A Petition of Henry Somerset Duke of Beaufort, and Edward Lockwood, Henry Calverley Cotton, Esquire, and the humble Petition of certain other Persons, whose Thomas Lockwood, Esquire, the Younger; and also, the Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees and Credi- Petition of Henry Somerset Duke of Beaufort, and the tors under an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- humble Petition of certain other Persons, whose Names first Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act are thereunto subscribed, Trustees and Creditors under " for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Har- an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of " bour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan," was His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of " enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners " the County of Glamorgan;" and also, the Petition of are empowered by the said Act to deepen, widen, scour, the Landholders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, and cleanse, the Bed or Channel of the River Towy, of the Town of in the County of Glamorgan,

and otherwise to improve the said River or Harbour were also read.

of Swansea, and they have already advanced consider- And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were able Sums of Money in executing, and have contracted directed to withdraw.

for carrying on and perfecting, the same; and that the Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the said Petitioners conceive, that one. of the chief Means of Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next, effecting the Purposes of the said Act, in improving

the said River and Harbour of Swansea, arises from Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to the use of the several Brooks and Streams of Water the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ^Jiou,'-n 10 which fall into the said River, and the Petitioners ap- next. 1 on ay'

prebend, that if the Supply of Water should be diminished, they will be deprived of those Means of removing Mr reported from the Committee who Report Ex-

the Obstructions in the Bed of the said River, and were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or PirinSLaw* of preserving the Navigation, and the principal Pur- near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time poses of the said Act will be defeated: And therefore to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be repraying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, vived or continued; That the Committee had made a against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into further Enquiry, and had come to several other Reso-a Law. lutions, which they had directed him to report to the

A Petition of the Landholders, Manufacturers, and House; and he read the Report in his Place; and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Morriston, in the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where County of Glamorgan, was also presented to the House, the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are «s and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; followeth; viz.

and setting forth, That the Petitioners are settled in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Town, and employed in the Collieries and That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign Manufactories adjoining thereto, and they have heard, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to dis-with great Alarm, that the intended Canal is to be " continue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon made of considerable Width, and with Towing Paths " the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," and other Easements, and is to pass nearly through the which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the Middle of the said Town; and that, if the Bill should 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the pass into a Law, the Lives of the Petitioners Young . End of the then neit Session of Parliament, and which.

Children will be greatly endangered, their Habitations by several subsequent Acts, was further continued from must of Necessity he much injured, if not rendered the Expiration thereof until the 25th Day of March useless, their Gardens and Court Yards destroyed, 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next and their Communication in many Instances be cut off, Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be by the various Intersections proposed, the Effect of all made perpetual.

which would be to drive the Petitioners from their Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Dwellings and Employments: And therefore praying, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass " in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands ad into a Law. " jacent," which was to continue in Force until the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to 1 oth Day of June 1794, and from thence to the End of lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be and fit to be continued.

then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think That so much of an Act, made in the Tenth year of fit. the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to regu-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at lating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, said Petitions. which was to be in Force from the 1st Day of August

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- 1770, for the Term of Twro Years, and from thence to the posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which An Amendment was proposed to be made to the by four Acts, made in the Twelfth, Fourteenth, Nine

2 teenth,

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands presented.

Committee on Acts relating to Shipping and Navigation, &c.

Answer to Address on King's Message.

34 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

3 91

teenth, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 1st Day of August 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also, so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, which was to continue in Force so long as the said Act, of the Tenth of His present Majesty, are expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing " of Shipping and Navigation;'' and also, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty JGng George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said " Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in " Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;" and also, of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to revive several Acts for the " Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or " Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of " Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to " Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine " running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, of the " British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty " given by the Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for carrying Sugar, of the " Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America, to " Ships belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects " residing in Great Britain, and navigated according " to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the " cutting of Star or Bent;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase " and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," be now read,'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundasreported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last,(to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will cordially concur in such Measures as may appear necessary for guarding, in the most effectual Manner, against any Attempt on the Part of the Enemy; to execute their professed Design of invading this King* Vo L.49.

Committee of Supply.

Instruction.

Turkey Company's Petition; and Estimate of Fencible Cavalry; referred.

dom: That with this view the House will be ready to make Provision for the further Augmentation of His Majesty's Land Forces, and for enabling His. Majesty, in case of Emergency, to assemble an additional Force in any Part of the Kingdom, where Circumstances may require it; and that, in the Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which His Majesty is engaged, which involves in it the Safety and Happiness of His Subjects, His Majesty may rely on the Continuance of their firm and decided Support, which cannot fail to be seconded by the zealous and spirited Exertions of a brave and loyal People) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that His Majesty receives, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Renewal of their cordial Assurances of Support in the just and necessary War in which His Majesty is engaged.

t GO

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in " Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a " Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the " National Debt."

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Seven Regiments, and Forty Troops of Fencible Cavalry, to be raised for Service in Great Britain, from 25th April 1794 to 24th December following, being 244 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Means.

His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning

"Volunteer Corps Bill committed.

Expiring Laws Bill

presented.

Question previous Neg. respecting soliciting Money from the People, without Consent of Parliament.

Ross Writ.

Committee on Act to continue, and, amend, Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves deferred.

Diseworth Inclosure Bill reported.

392

28° — 31° Martii.

A. 1794.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and the Use of Clarke's Hydrometer, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is a dangerous and unconstitutional Measure for the Executive Government to solicit Money from the People as a private Aid, Loan, Benevolence, or Subscription, for Public Purposes, without the Consent of Parliament;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Grey: }

Tellers for the Noes { JJj;

Sojt passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas { Colonel

34-

204.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Ross, in the room of William Adam, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a " limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa."

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 31° die Martii;

Anno 34* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1794.

Praye-es.

'TRDERED, That Mr . J do make the ' Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, nad been complied withand that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to- by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the se- EastCamell veral Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Inclosure Bill a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and committed-Grounds, in the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Camell, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hippisley Coxe,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir George to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Shuckburgh's Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms I**, of Evelyn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Longborough Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Com- Inclosure Bill monable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and passed' Parish of Longborough, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Longborough, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William McDowall presented to the House, ac- Glasgow cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Renfrew'and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Parkhouse Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Roads Bjh " continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the present *

" Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" for repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from " the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew " Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of " Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the " Chapel of Catnbuslang, in the Counties of Lanark " and Renfrew," so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park-house, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in die County of Lanark, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads;

And

34 Ge9. Ill, 31" Martiu 393

And the 'same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Torquay Har- A Bill to enable Sir Robert Palk, Baronet* his "hour, &c. Bill Heirs and Assigns* to repair and enlarge, or re-build, committed, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of

quay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Sir John Call,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of the Provost* Magistrates, and Town

Montrose for Council of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, in ta* Urn*Forfar* ^ame the Community of the said Burgh, and of Roads Bill. the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Thirty-second of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at, or near, the said Town of Montrose, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the great Post Road, from the South to the North of Scotland, is intersected at Montrose by the River South Esk, which is Half a Mile in Breadth, deep, and rapid, and at present Travellers must pass the River in Boats, and the Passage is often attended with Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger: To unite the principal Line of Road through the County at the said Place, by Means of Bridges, and thereby to render the Communication between the different Parts of the Country more expeditious and convenient, has long been the Wish of the Public, and, in many Respects, an Object the most desirable; and that the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Montrose, on the 19th Day of October 1787, opened a voluntary Subscription, when the Sum of 5,000 was immediately subscribed by way of Free Gift, and since that Period the Sum has increased by His Majesty's Bounty, and the further Subscriptions of Individuals, to the Amount of £. 12,000, in Consequence of which, Contracts were entered into in the Year 1792, for uniting the Road aforesaid at Montrose, by Two Bridges, and the 'Expence of accomplishing the said Work is estimated at between £. 16,000 and £. 17,000; and that the Money deficient will be about £. 5,000, but the Commissioners appointed for the erecting of the said Bridges, trusting that they would be enabled to borrow, upon the Security of the Toll or Pontage to be levied on the said Bridges, a Sum sufficient for accomplishing the Work, they caused the same to be commenced in the Month of September 1792, and at this Time very considerable Progress has been made, but the Petitioners are much concerned to represent, that the aforesaid Work of the greatest Public Utility, is likely to be interrupted, if not entirely stopped, by a Bill, proposed to be brought into Parliament in this present Session, for raising the Tolls, and granting new Powers to the Trustees appointed by an Act, of the Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, " and for regulating the Statute Labour within the " same," wherein, among other Clauses, there is one to authorize the Trustees for the Turnpike Roads of the County to erect Toll Bars upon any Part of the Turnpike Roads they shall think proper, and there' to levy Tolls and Duties, and it has been signified to the Petitioners to be intended, by some of the Trustees for the said Roads, as soon as the Bridges aforesaid shall be completed, to cause a Gate or Bars to be placed at the South End of one of the Bridges, for the Purpose of levying a Toll for the Road, which Measure, if carried into Execution, would prove most oppressive to the Petitioners, and injurious to the Revenue, expected to have been drawn by way of Pontage from Vol. 49.

the said Bridge, because it would be levying a double Toll, and that at a Rate proposed so very high as chuld not fail, in many Instances, to operate as a Prohibition from passing the Bridge with Articles of small Value, such as Lime; Coals, Manure, See. and consequently lessen the Amount expected to have been collected by the Commissioners; by Way of Pontage, not only for discharging the Interest of the Money to be borrowed, but to form a Fund for Repairs, which will, from Time to Time, be necessary for one of the Bridges, composed chiefly of Timber, and render it impracticable to obtain a Loan of Money for com- ‘ pleting the Work; and that the Money, proposed to be levied by the Road Toll at the Montrose Bridge, is meant to be appropriated to increase the Funds of the Line of Road from Dundee to Montrose, being about Thirty Miles, and there are already upon those Thirty Miles no less than Five Gates for levying Tolls, to enable the Trustees to make and keep up the Road, and the whole Expence of making the same does not amount to the Money required for erecting the Montrose Bridges; and that the said Bridges, when completed, will confessedly form the most important Part of the whole Line of Road, and, considering the Trustees have, as above-mentioned, Five different Tolls collected upon the Thirty Miles of Road for keeping the same up, it would be a most oppressive Measure to insist upon placing a Gate at the Montrose Bridge, and thereby double the Toll to be paid there; and that, though the Bridges will cost a Sum of Money far exceeding the whole Expence of the rest of the Line of Road, and that £. 12,000 thereof has been supplied as a Free Gift, the Petitioners require only the Produce of one Single Toll, in the Way of Pontage, to enable them to borrow the £. 5,000 to complete the Work: And therefore praying, That there may be a Clause inserted in the Bill above mentioned, restraining the Trustees therein named from erecting, or causing to be erected, any Gate or Bars for the Purpose of levying a Road Toll at the End of the said Bridge, or within Three Miles thereof, or such Distance, by way of Exemption as the House shall think fit.

Another Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Petition from Town Council of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, Montrose, in Name of the Community of the said Burgh, ,^i1^tT^"lrfaf and of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Thirty-second of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at, or near, the said,

Town of Montrose, was also presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is now depending before the House, for enlarging the Powers, given by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty's Reign, to certain Trustees therein named, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, which will considerably affect the Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Clauses in the said Bill, by which they are affected.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunto sub- Petition from scribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of Forfar Owners of and Perth, upon or connected with the Turnpike Road in the former County, leading Westward from against D" Dundee towards Perth, was likewise presented to the Bill.

House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, an Act was passed for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same, by which the Trustees thereby appointed were authorized to levy Tolls on the several Roads therein described, to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and to make and repair the said Roads, with all the usual Powers; and that, by the Terms of the said Act, the several Roads were separated and distinguished as unconnected Lines, and particularly the Road from Dundee Westward towards Perth, to the

5 H Borders

394

31° Martiu A. 1794.

Borders of the County of ,was described as

one Line, and the Road from Dundee Eastward to Ferryden was described as another and a distinct Line, and, it was expressly declared, that the Produce of the Tolls or Duties arising on each of the said Lines of Road should be applied towards upholding and repairing that Line on winch the Tolls and Duties were respectively collected, so as each particular Line of Road might have its own Produce, and the Trustees were authorized to borrow Money to an Extent not exceeding £. loo a Mile for the Road for which such Money should be borrowed, and on the Credit of the Tolls of that particular Road; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Road from Dundee Westward towards Perth has been completely made, and in a great Measure from the Exertion of the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads in the adjacent County of Perth, who were induced to interfere because the said Road was a Continuation of the Great Post Road from , terminating (so far as they had any Concern) at the Town of Dundee, which is the great Market for the neighbouring Country, and the Perthshire Trustees have engaged to keep a considerable Part of the said Road, though locally situated in the County of Forfar, in Repair, and they have lent Money on the Credit of the Tolls on the said Line of Road, and have besides, by altering the Course, and accommodating the Forfarshire Trustees, shortened it from Four Miles and a Half to Three Miles, which is now all the Extent of Road which the Trustees of Forfarshire, and the Tolls on that Line, under the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Majesty, have to maintain, and the Tolls thereby authorized to be levied on it are, from the Average of past Years, and the reasonable Prospect of Increase, fully sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, to maintain the Road, and leave a considerable Surplus, gradually to diminish and sink the Principal Debt owing; and that the other Line of Road before-mentioned, from Dundee Eastward to Ferryden, is of Twenty-seven Miles in Extent, or thereby, and is by no Means sufficiently made, or in proper Repair, and is loaded with Debt, contracted on the Credit of the Tolls, which are not sufficient to pay the Interest, and make or support the Road as it ought to be: In these Circumstances, a Bill has been brought into the House, and is depending, for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Majesty, and for repairing several other Roads in the County of Forfar, which does not state or alledge, that to make or uphold the Line of Road from Dundee Westward towards Perth, needs any further Interposition of the Legislature, but stating, that the Tolls upon the Road from Dundee Eastward to Ferryden (amongst others) are not sufficient for keeping it in Repair, and paying the Interest of the Sums owing or borrowed on the Credit thereof; and alledging, that it would be both just and expedient, that the Road from Dundee towards Perth should be united in the same Trust, and added to the Line of Road leading from Dundee to Ferryden, and prays that the Trustees may be authorized to levy Tolls on all the Roads, according to certain Rates, avowedly much higher than those permitted to be taken by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Majesty, and that the Roads to the Westward and to the Eastward of Dundee may, in future, be considered as one and the same Line of Road, that the same Tolls may be levied on both, and that the Money collected on the said Roads, so united, may form an Aggregate Fund to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and owing for both Roads, and to repair and maintain both; and that the Petitioners apprehend that this is an Attempt both novel and unjust; it is in Effect to repeal a subsisting Law, on the Faith of which many Transactions have taken {dace, and to Jay a Tax upon one Set of People and one District

of a Country, for the Benefit of a different Set and a different District, with which (to the present Purpose) the Legislature had declared they should not be connected for a Term of Years, of which many are yet to run; and it is not only to continue but to enlarge Tolls and Duties on one Road, though not alledged to be necessary for it, in order to create a Fund for another separate and distinct Road, because the Persons particularly concerned in the last have erred in their Calculations, and are unwilling to supply the Deficiency out of their own Pockets; and, finally, it is to take away and injure the Security of the Persons who have lent their Money on the Faith of the former Act of Parliament, to throw the Load of a Debt, contracted singly on the Credit of the Tolls on the Eastern Road, on the Tolls of the Western, to leave the Persons particularly connected with the last without the Prospect of ever being relieved of their present Burthen, and at the same time increasing it; and that the Interest and Properties of the Petitioners, as well as of all Persons living near to, and connected with, the Road so leading Westward from Dundee, will be materially affected if the said Bill, as now brought in, shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against those Parts of the said Bill which respect the Road Westward from Dundee, and the Road Eastward from thence to Ferryden, and the Junction or Communication of the Funds of these separate Roads, and the Tolls proposed to be levied on the former, and that the said Bill may not in so far pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads in the County of " Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same," and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven, is committed; and the Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dayappoint-whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, ed for rweiv-and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and T L®ieport of other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and pavin&&c. the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; Bill, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, ac- Houghton cording, to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting Inclosure Bill the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, presented' and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Quarley closing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Inclosure Bill Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the P13^-

Parish

Roundway, Bedborough, tScc. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Mr.Toplis's Petition against the \V oolcombers Petitions.

84 Geo. III.

316 Marfa

3 95

Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and layingin Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Can<-nings, and in the Parish of Marden, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Topli the Younger, of Cuck-ney, in the County of Nottingham, Worsted Manufacturer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having observed by. the Votes that several Petitions of Woolcombers have lately been presented, praying the Interference of the House to restrain the Use of Machines for combing Wool, entreats the Attention of the House to a Statement of his Interests as an Inventor of a Machine for combing Wool, and as a very great Consumer of combed Wool: That, for several Years last past, the Petitioner has employed from too to 150 Wool-combers in combing Wool, which he has spun into Worsted Yarn by Machinery, and that, experiencing great Inconveniencies from the inadequate Number of Woolcombers for the Purposes of Trade, when the same is extensive and flourishing, and from their irregular and improper Conduct in forming themselves into Societies and Combinations, the Petitioner, after great Labour and Study, invented a Machine for combing Wool, to be worked by Water, and for the exclusive Use and Exercise of which the Petitioner on the 8th day of June 1793, obtained His Majesty's Letters Patent for a Term of Fourteen Years, and by the Machines invented by the Petitioner Wool can be combed as well as by Hand, and with a great Saving of Manual Labour and Expence, whereby the Worsted Yam, and the Goods manufactured from it are produced both better in Quality and cheaper: That in the Year 1792, when the Worsted Manufactory was carried on to a greater Extent than at present, the Woolcombers in some Parts of the Kingdom were found insufficient to comb the Wool wanted, and they are formed into Clubs or Societies in different Parts, and governed by Laws or Rules of their own, by which they are restrained from taking Apprentices (except their Eldest Sons) or extending their Number by instructing the Apprentices or Servants of their Employers; that many of them are single Men, and lead Itinerant Lives, travelling from One Part of the Kingdom to another, and seldom work half their Time; that the Woolcombers employed by the Petitioner can, upon an Average, earn from Twenty-five to Twenty-eight Shillings per Week, when they chuse to work every Day, whereas the Average Wages paid to them seldom exceed Ten Shillings per Week, and this Difference arises solely from their refusing to do more Work, and not from its being withheld from them: That by Means of the Societies or Clubs formed by the Woolcombers in all the Manufacturing Parts of the Country, the Manufacturers are entirely at the Mercy of their Combers, and must pay them whatever Wages they demand, particularly when Trade is in a flourishing 'State, inso much that if a Manufacturer displeases one, Woolcomber all the others Vo l. 49.

either quit his Service entirely, or until he appeases the offended Member, and no other Woolcomber will work for him so long as he continues under the Displeasure of any of the Members of their Society: That there are various Societies independent of, and who refuse to mix or work with each other, so that a Yorkshire or Lancashire Woolcomber could not obtain Employment amongst the Midland Woolcombers, whose Chief Society or Club is held in Leicestershire; and that the Use of Machines for combing Wool will reduce the Quantity of Manual Labour consumed in the Fabrication of Worsted Goods, and consequently enable the Manufacturer to bring them to Market at a lower Price, and to undersell the Manufacturers of other Countries, and the Petitioner submits to the House, that the Principle upon which the Woolcombers oppose the Use of Machines in combing Wool would equally apply to restrain or prohibit every other.

Species of Manufacturing Machinery, as the Object of all such Machinery is the reduction of Manual Labour, and without it die Manufacturers of Great tain could not support a successful Competition with those of other Countries, and the Objection made by the Woolcombers to the Use of combing Machines would equally apply to all the Machinery used in the preparing and spinning of Cotton, Worsted, and Woollen Yarn, and Silk, and in weaving, printing, and dressing, many of the most valuable Manufactures in this Country; and that, in Addition to these Considerations, the House will recollect that all the Inventions and Improvements in the Manufactures of Great Britain are adopted and imitated in other Countries, and, if the House should in any Degree restrain the Use of manufacturing Machinery, it would enable Foreigners by the Use of them to undersell the British Manufacturers: And therefore praying, That in Case the House shall proceed to take the Petitions of the Woolcombers into Consideration, it will, at the same Time, also take the Petitioner's Case into Consideration, and that (if Occasion should require) the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, and may be permitted to adduce Evidence'in support of the Allegations contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Empingtam whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure Bill, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common rePorted-Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Crawerook mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bil. certain Open and Common Town Fields within the repolte<1' Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of

Ryton,

396

31® Martii

A. 1794.

Ryton, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theft a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Mr. Bastard Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry to the Lords to carry A- the ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways in the Town fcingdon Pa- of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for better clean-to1he1u»rd3^ s*nS' 1'ghting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Petition for Mr. Brands Annesley reported from the Committee, Stocking to whom the Petition of Edward Sachiverell Sitwell, Marsh Com- ESqUjre> Lord of the Manors of Tockington, in the Pa-knonrepo . Qf Olveston, and Over, in the Parish of Almonds-bury, in the County of Gloucester, the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, Lords of the Manor of Gaunts, Eurthcott, and The Lee, in the said Parish of Alfnondsbury, under their Common Seal, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders within the said Manors and Parishes, or some or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Turton being examined, said, That there is within the said Manors a certain Common, called Marsh Common, otherwise The Salt Marsh, containing Six hundred and Twenty Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be of great Advantage if proper Provisions and Regulations were made and established for stocking the said Common, and for improving the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Manner of stocking and using The Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Altnondsbury, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Francis Annesley, Sir George Cornewall, and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Peachy's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James committed. Peachey, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trus tees, to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Annesley, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill lor dividing, inclosing, and al- East Brent lotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, Inclosure Bill lying and beingjfvithin the Manor and Parish of East passe<,‘ Brent, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn be added to the Member add-Gentlemeh who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, t?!*0 "*

a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Mold*Inc^ Several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, sure Act. being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- Claife lumens or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife closure Bill' Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The com,n,ttet, Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term of sO miich of an chatteri* and Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as Ramsey Road relates to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of 11111 Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Woolcombers of the County and Leicester Borough of Leicester, was presented to the House, and Woolcombers read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are justly Petition, alarmed at the calamitous Consequences likely to arise from the Construction of certain Machines, which, by reducing the Quantity of Manual Labour, threaten to involve the Petitioners in every Distress necessarily consequent on the total Suspension of the regular Business on which they depend for Subsistence, and to which they have been brought up from their Infancy, and the Prospect before them is peculiarly distressing because, in the Business of Woolcombing, it is not possible to increase the Raw Material beyond the present Quantity, and the Number of Woolcombers at this Time in Great Britain is more than sufficient for the Wants of the Manufactory: That, in other Departments of Trade, wherein Machines have conduced to the Extension of the Wealth and Commerce of the Nation, the Raw Material has been capable of indefinite Increase, whereas the Growth of Wool is definite, and never equals the Ability of the Woolcombers to manufacture, and therefore any sudden and unexpected Diminution of the Quantity of Manual Labour will reduce the Petitioners to a State of the most wretched Poverty, and be attended with the most calamitous Consequences to their Wives, Children, and numerous Apprentices: And hoping, That such Measures for theif Relief and Security from the threatened Danger will be adopted by the House as they may judge expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr.

34 Geo. III.

31° Martii.

397

Leeds, Bradford, and Horton, &c. Roads Bill presented.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read'a Second Time.

Bridgewater Mr. Poulett presented to the House, according to

Bridge, &c. Order, a Bill for building a new Bridge over the

Bill present- River

within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition in A Petition of the Portreeve, Bailiff, and Inhabitants Newbury ^e Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of

and Bath Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Canal Bill. Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennett, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill to amend Sir Roger Mostyn presented to the House, according Mold Inclo- to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ented.Ctpre" second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wolver- Mr. Anson presented to the House, according to

Ivet^n Bank order> a Bill for amending, widening, altering, im-Road Bill proving and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolver-presented. hampton, in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish oiBlimhill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcastle A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two and" Buck ton Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of Bom Road the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Bill, com- for repairing the High Road leading from the North nutted. End of the Cow-Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and fronj thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And thty are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

nonsofWind- ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and Mr. for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Stoner's Ex- Canons of Windsor, and Thomas Stoner, Esquire, was change Bill read the First Time.

read‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 49.

Sir John Thorohl presented to the Home, according Welland to Order, a Bill for improving the Outfall of the Drainage and River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the ^dTlnesent-better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and ed. Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the South Kelsey Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Inclosure Waste Lands, and other Lands,- in the Parishes of jetted* Saint Mary South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheepwalks in and over the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they we to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, repairing, and Burtry Ford, widening the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County Alston, and of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Bumstones, in the Chunty of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to JBurnstones, in the- County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- Committee closing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste on Chester Land, within the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the j^osure County Palatine of Durham, is committed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Borrow-Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year stounnees of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Twopenny Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His ^JjJtted. present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which snail be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in

the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was react a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Hope, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridgt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Euston, who, since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of

5 I Hia

398 31° Mar til. A. 1794.

His Majesty's Chief Ranger and Keeper of the Parks, called Ilyde Park and Saint James's Park, in the County of Middlesex.

Foundling A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, Hospital watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Streets Pay- Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Pas-committed 9a8es an(l Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the , and Saint George

Bloomsbury, or some or One of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr Hobart, And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

East India Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers,

Company's wRich were presented to the House, upon Wednesday cou'rfts'refer-" I®8*! by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India red to a Com- Company) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee. mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Accounts re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a lating to the Comparison between the estimated and actual Sales of East India the East India Company, from the 1st of March 1793

oXT to the lst of March 1794-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipts and Payments of the East India Company in England, as estimated on an average by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793, compared with the actual Sales of Goods from March 1793 to March 1794, and the several Expences of Customs, Freights, Charges of Merchandize, &c. paid thereout.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for altering the Duties on Paper,&c.

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill.

Harrogate and Ripon Roads Bill.

Ludlow and Orleton Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future; without any Amendment:, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Wocfiertondnd Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bury and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from, Kirk

or nearly from. Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by 4,1 1

Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ludlow and for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts clee of Parliament, for amending, widening, and keeping in Roads Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford to the

Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ,An Act Rochdale and for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improv- Edenfield ing, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to Road RRl* a Place called Edenfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ticknall, for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place Ashby de la called Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike R a lU* Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the have passed Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Foxley Ckaestablishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley rity " Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by " Lady Katherine Leceson;" to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Bill to amend ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, CatholicDia-made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Xncntrd6* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon P " Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons " therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists, or Persons professing " the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," so far as . the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Norfolk Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Island Judi- Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the or " Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts " adjacent,' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. Maimcaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted tp His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

34 Geo. III. 31

399

Sum to the Bank for Reduction of National Debt.

To the Turkey Company.

Fencible

Cavaliy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of T\vo hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants Qf England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand One hundred and Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted, to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seven Regiments, and Forty Troops of Fencible Cavalry, to be raised for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of April 1794 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being Two hundred and Forty-four Days.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bay ham, Mr. HopkinsMr.

Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report Way* Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Lottery. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Forty thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be raised byWay of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Forty thousand Tickets, at Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 5th Day of April 1794, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Ten Shillings and Four Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: Two Pounds on or before the 23d Day of May next; Two Pounds on or before the 28th Day of July next; Two Pounds on or before the 5th Day of September next; Three Pounds on or before the 24th Day of October next; Four Pounds on or before the 21st Day of November next; Four Pounds on or before the 13th Day of January 1795; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors, so com-. pleting their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1794, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors upon Demand, on, or at any Time after, the ist Day of July 1795, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time

Vol. 49.

to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:'

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Seven hundred and Forty thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, at any Time on or before the 21st Day of November 1794, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same, to the 13th Day of January 1795 -

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bay-ham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Volunteer to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or Scotch Dis-der, a Bill for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to p Distilleries in Scotland, and for appropriating the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for raw-a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or ingaSumby Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- I-"ans °L?|C‘ sand Seven hundred and Ninety-four: And the same *

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for rais-a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or inS a further Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four: And the Exchequer same was received; and read the First Time. Bill*, pre-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. sented.

A Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Bill for in-Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West demnifying India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign West India Bottoms, was read a Second Time. Islands,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit die PotandPtarl Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Ashes Bill, Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who comnu e ' have been concerned in advising, or carrying into execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury respecting the Exportation of

Pot

31" Marts.

400

A. 1794.

Expiring Ij&ws Bill, committed.

Motion for Paper* relative to raising Vo-

Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and the Use of Clarke's Hydrometer, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give

the Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of " Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to " Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine " running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, of the British Plantations; and for extending thd Liberty " given by the Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign " of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar, of the " Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America, " to Ships belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or Bent;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act' for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and " Navigation," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

iir _ _ _ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

lunteor Corps Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies That it is expedient to grant to Foreign Ships, put under

in 1782 Neg.

of all the Answers received by His Majesty's Secretary His Majesty's Protection in Consequence of Capitu-of State to the Circular Letter written by the Earl of lations, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Shelburne, containing a Plan for raising a Volunteer Regulations and Restrictions.

Corps for the internal Defence of the Kingdom, in the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Year 1782; That it is expedient to allow Aliens in Foreign Colonies,

The House, was moved, That the Entiy in the Jour- surrendered to His Majesty, and who have taken the nal of the House, of the 11th Day of June 1782, of Oaths of Fidelity and Allegiance, to exercise therein the Motion, " That an humble Address be presented the Occupations of Merchants or Factors.

to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Answers that have been made, to the Circular Letter from the Earl of Shelburne, one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries " of State, to the Lord Mayor of London, and other " Magistrates and Officers, dated the 7th day of May " last,'' which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Answers received

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great,

and navigated according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act, ought to be repealed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do

by His Majesty's Secretary of State to the Circular Letter written by the Earl of Shelburne, containing a Plan for raising Volunteer Corps for the internal prepare, and bring in, the same. Defence of the Kingdom; in the Year 1782;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

' Mr. Sheridan,

Mr. Whitbread, Junior:

Mr. Hobart,

\ Mr.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

18.

86.

Report on

and Navigation, &c.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Act* relating Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-to Shipping ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled " An Act for the encouraging and increasing " of Shipping and Navigation and also, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said " Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built " in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law and also, of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in Bill for mort the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- effectual Pro jesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be ^cntion imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohi- mitted. bited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Glass upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- additional the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- ditional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Dutie# eond, intituled, "An Act to revive several Acts for Great , be now read.

And

Report on Wool-combers Petitions referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Committee on Act to continue, and amend, Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves,

reported.

Bill ordered.

Bill for stamping Bills of Exchange and Notes committed.

Swansea Canal Bill committed.

34 Geo. III. 31 ° Martii401

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to this House in this Session of Parliament from, the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, were referred, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament " for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of Africa" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend,

" several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping " and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast " of Africa."

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and " to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating " the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels " from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr. Hobart, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. W do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, Vol. 49.

in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of -gunlais, in the County of Brecon, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 17th and 28th Days of this Instant March, praying to be heat'd, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That. the Bill be committed to Sir Watkitt Lewes, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia Pay Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Bill Passed* Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and -Ninety-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from List of Ves-the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of *els arr‘ved Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; J^ies with and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to slaves; and their Orders, Papers, &c.

A List of the Vessels which have arrived at the relating to British West India Islands from the Coast of Africa *'

with Slaves, between the 5th of January 1793 and the p 5th of January 1794; distinguishing the Time of Entry, the Ship's Name, her Tonnage, and Number of Mariners at the Port of Arrival, from what Port of Great Britain cleared out, the Number of Slaves taken on Board from the Time of fire Ship's Arrival on the Coast to the Time of her Arrival at the Port of Discharge, the Number of Slaves that have died from the Time of the Ship's Arrival on the Coast to the Time of her Arrival at the Port of Discharge, and the Number of Slaves on the Ship's Arrival at the Port of Discharge, as far as the same can be made up;

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Order of the Board of Customs,

" to the Collector and Comptroller of Hull, with the " Proposals therein directed to be made to the Corporation of Hull, according to the Board's Report " to the Lords of the Treasury, dated the 4th of February 1773 (and which Report was inclosed to the " said Corporation in the Collector and Comptroller's " Letter, dated 23d March 1773) with respect to the " making of a Bason for loaden Ships, Quay, &c. at " Hull, with the Plans and Terms proposed; and together with the Corporation's Answer and Acceptance of the said Proposals and Terms, and the Report " of the Collector and Comptroller transmitting the " sameAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, "Hull, 23d March 1773 — Corporation's Answer and Acceptance of the Proposals " made to them relative to the erecting legal Quays or " Wharfs, and other Works at the Port of HullAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Hull, 25th March 1773 — Collector and Comptroller transmit the Acceptation of " the Corporation of Hull, of the Proposals made " to them relative to the erecting legal Quays " or Wharfs, and other Works at that Port:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Hull, 16th January 1793 —

" Report of the Landing Surveyors at Hull, to the

5 K " Collector

Petition from Merchants, &c. of Hull, to have the Old Harbour enlarged.

402 31° Martli.' — V. April 1794.

44 Collector and Comptroller of that Port, respecting the " Dock, with the Collector and Comptroller's Letter " transmitting the sameAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Hu, 2ist January 1793 — 44 Collector and Comptroller transmit the Report of the landing Surveyors at that Port respecting the Dock And also,

An Account of the Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Hull, at the 31st of December 1793; distin-

giishing each Ship and Vessel, with their respective urthen in Tonnage: And also,

An Account of the new Ships registered at the Port of Hull, with their respective Tonnage, for the last Five Years, each Year ending at the 31st of December inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and each Ship or Vessel: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Report, 4th February 1773,

" relative to the erecting legal Quays or Wharfs in the Haven of the River HullAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Minute, 11th March 1773,

44 upon an Attendance of the Commissioners of the " Customs on the Board of Treasury, respecting the establishing lawful Quays at the Port of Hull:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, "January 1773 — Report of John Wooler, Esquire, to the Commissioners of the Cus-

44 toms, relative to the making a Dock and Quay at the 4‘ Port of Hull; together with the Plans and Estimates mentioned, or referred to, in the said ReportAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, 8th February 1774 — Copy of 44 a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Collector and Comptroller of Hull, respecting the Establishment of legal Quays at that Port:" And also,

Copy of the Commissioners of the Customs Appointment of Mr. Wooler as their Engineer to survey the Dock and Quay at Hull, in the Year 1779: And also,

A Paper, intituled, 24th November 1779 — Copy of the Report of Messieurs Wooler and to

44 the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Completion of the Dock and Quay at Hull;together with a Copy

44 of the Order of the Commissioners of Customs, to the Collector and Comptroller of Hull, for the Payment to The Dock Company of the last Instalment of Five thousand Pounds :" And also,

A Plan of the Town of K and its

Environs: And also,

A Plan of the new intended Dock, with the Grounds adjoining.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said List, Papers, Accounts, and Plans, were read.

Ordered, That the said List, Papers, Accounts, and Plans, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List, Papers, Accounts, and Plans, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

on the East Side thereof, and if the said Old Harbour was made wider, by taking away Part of the Garrison Ground: And therefore praying, That whatever Improvements may be made.at the Port of Hull, the Old Harbour may be particularly attended to, as the Enlargement of the Old Harbour will be a great additional Accommodation and Safety to the Shipping and Trade of the Port.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Dock and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Slate, Stone, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. Duties upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties deferred, of Customs, on Slate, Stone, and Marble;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Adjourned

u{>on

Considera-

journed Consideration of the Report, which, _t________

Friday last,- was made from the Committee, who were t,olLof Report

, t . , on Expiring

appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near Laws re_ expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to sumed. Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And the First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to- His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means dewhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means fen-ed. for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for a Series of Years, carried forward a great Part of their Trade in the Old Harbour or River Hull, which for Time immemorial has been the Port of Hull; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making new Docks at the Port of Hull, with an Entrance into such Docks from the River Humber, and they beg Leave to state to the House, that no Entrance into any new Docks can be made from the River Humber, which will be so convenient to Shipping, or so advantageous to Trade, as the present Old Harbour, if the same was improved by removing the Jetteaus and Embankment

Martis, 1° die Aprilis;

Anno 340 Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

Praters.

ABIL L for dividing and inclosing the Open Pillarton

Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and Inclosure Bill other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within comm, Ue"-the Parish of Pillarton, otherwise in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An

Empingham Inclosure Bill passed.

St. Alkmond Church Bill reported.

Ayr Harbour BUI committed.

Abergele, Saint Asaph, &c. Embankment and Drainage Petition reported.

34 Geo. III. 1° Aprilis. 403

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of and County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where' the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining " the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving " the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, " Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, " and other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, the " said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Manors, inclosed Lands, and Common Marshes, in the Parishes of Abergele, Saint,

Diserth, and Meliden, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. —

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Matthews being examined, said, That there are within the Parishes of Abergele, Saint Asaph, Rhydlan, Diserth, and Meliden, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, several inclosed Lands and Common Marshes, which are yearly worn, inundated, and greatly damaged by the Sea, and by Land Waters. — And that the making of Sea Banks, Fences, Aqueducts, and other Works necessary for securing the Coasts from the Encroachments of the Sea, and for draining the Land Waters, will tend greatly to improve the Port and Harbour of Voryd and Rhydlan, and be of Public Vo l.49-

Utility. — That the Proprietors of Lands, Messuages, and Hereditaments within the said Parishes, have Right of Common on the said Marshes and Waste Low Lands* and are affected in different Degrees by the Encroachments and Inundations of the Sea,

And being further examined, he said, That in order to complete and preserve the Works necessary for fencing and guarding the said Lands, Marshes, and Waste Low Lands from the Sea, and draining the same, it will be expedient that some Parts of the said Common Marshes and Waste Low Lands, in every Parish respectively, should be inclosed, and sold, to defray the Expence of erecting, completing, and preserving such Works.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking hfld otherwise fencing from the Sea the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, dnd to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof: And that Sir Roger Mostyn and Mr. Owen do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Bridgewater, under their Common Seal, was presented to die House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in

the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and Setting forth, That the Funds applicable to the Repairs of the said Bridge are found to be insufficient for the re-building of the same, and it is expedient that Powers should be given, by inserting the necessary Clauses in the said Bill, for taking a Toll, for a limited Time, on Cattle and Carriages passing to, from, and through, the said Town: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Langston, Mr. Popham, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet

of

Bedford Poof Bill committed.

Petition for additional Provision in Bridgewater Bridge, &c> Bill

St. Martin's Stamford Baron, Oundle, &c. Roads Bill reported

404

1° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

of Middleton, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Carlisle and Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom

Repetition tk® Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

reported. thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to, or near, the Highway or Road leading from the City of Carlisle, or Bank, near Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to Sark Bridge, and from to the Scotch Duke adjoining, or near, to the Shire of Dumfries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Bushby, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Rqad leading from the City of Carlisle, or Bank,

through Longtown, to Sark Bridge, and from Longtown to the Scotch Dyke, in the Petition described, is so ruinous and bad, especially in the Winter Season, that Travellers and Passengers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger; and cannot be properly repaired and amended by the ordinary Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County: And that IVtr Lowther and Mr. Mackreth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Aldermiuton Mr. Mackreth reported from the Committee, to

Roads Peti- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

tion reported. Barnes are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to " and from Aldermastonaforesaid to the Turnpike Road " from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and " to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of " was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Best, being examined, said, That the Trustees have made a considerable Progress in the repairing and amending the said Roads, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, of which the Sum of £. 3,255 now remains due, and the same cannot be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: — And the Witness further added,

That it will be necessary to make some Addition to, and Alteration in, the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at, or near, Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Mackreth and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Conservators of Petition from the River Tone, from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the the Conser-County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and ^^Tone* read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new against Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough Bridgewater of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for ®!?.dge'&c-repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of bl Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, it is proposed to lay additional Duties upon Boats, and other Vessels, and the Lading thereof, coming into, the Port of Bridgewatei', or passing under the said Bridge, and also to confirm and establish other Duties, which are at present vety doubtful; and that the Petitioners are, by virtue of certain Acts, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, Conservators and Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Tone from Bridgewater to Taunton, and they have expended a very large Sum of Money in making the said River navigable, and in supporting and maintaining the same, and are entitled to collect certain Duties for all Goods, Merchandize, and other Things, conveyed up and down the said River, towards reimbursing them the Money so expended, and defraying the current Expences of supporting and maintaining the said Navigation, and there is now due and owing to the Petitioners, of the Money they have expended, £. 60,880 and upwards; and that, if the Duties now payable by Law to the Corporation of Bridgewater should be increased, and any such doubtful Duties confirmed and established upon Boats, and other Vessels, or any Goods, Merchandize, or other Things, coming into and sent from the Port of Bridgewater, or passing under the said Bridge, |he same would, by lessening the Quantity of Goods, and other Things, that would otherwise pass upon the said River Tone, between the Towns of Bridgewater and Taunton as aforesaid, be very injurious to the Petitioners, by diminishing the Dudes payable to them by virtue of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall affect them, and may have such Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, Tewkesbury and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Roads Bill,

Town committed-

Jtd

34 Geo. III. 1° Aprilis. 405

Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for 'making and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmonds Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beckford Inn, in the County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of to the Town of Stow

on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

FoxleyCha- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rity Bill read, for amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called " Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton,

" founded by Lady Katherine was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ToTpuddle Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

Inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open,

Bill pre- Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds,

*en ' within the Manor of Tolpuddle, in the County of Dor-

set: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ritllet's Nat Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from

Bill reported the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the and passed. Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

greatly out of Repair. — That the paving, cleansing lighting and watching the said Town, and removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and the repairing and altering the said Water Pipes where necessary; the taking down the present Market House, and building a new One in lieu thereof, and providing a proper Space of Ground for a Market Place, in a more convenient Situation; and likewise the making some Regulations respecting the holding of Markets, and for providing a proper Place for the Sale of Cattle within the said Town (which at present being in the Public Streets, is a great Nuisance and very dangerous) will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to, or travelling through the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth; and for providing a proper Market Place, and removing the present Market House, and for repairing and altering the Water Works belonging to the said Town: And that Mr.

Bragge and Mr. Salusbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Leeds and whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors Liverpool of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to raise -Emitted a further Sum of Money for completing the same; Bill reported, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for tak-for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits depend- fog: special ing in the Court of Common Pleas of the County J*8*in lpe. Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Popham, Mr. tineotLan-" Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor Ge- caster neral do prepare, and bring in, the same. ordered.

Abergaven- Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom ny Paving, the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of ted, U°n Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, 1)0 ' was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Baker Gabb being examined, said, That the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Obstructions and Annoyances. — That the present Water Pipes within the said Town are greatly out of Repair, and in some Places require altering; and that the Market House of the said Town is very inconveniently situated, and also Vox.. 49.

The Earl of Wycombe reported from the Committee, Beaconsfield to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose and Stoken-Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for church Road putting in execution certain Acts, passed in the Fifth 'rted Year of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Trustees not having determined to apply to Parliament for a Renewal of the Term and Powers of the said Acts until the Time required by the said Standing Orders for giving Notices had passed, but that Notices of such Application were given in The Oxford Journal of the 7th, 14th, and 21st of December last, and also upon the Doors of the Sessions Houses at Aylesbury and Oxford at the Time of the last Christmas Quarter Sessions;

5 L and

406 1° ApriA. 1794,

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Fastnedge being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in the repairing and amending the said Road, in the doing of which a very considerable Debt hath been contracted, of which the Sum of £. 3,300 now remains due; that several Parts of the said Road still remain narrow and inconvenient, and the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That from the present Amount of the Debt, and the Improvements necessary to be made in certain Parts of the Road, some additional Toll will be necessary; and that it will be proper to consolidate all the Acts into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of

Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And that the Earl of Wycombe and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to con- Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to tinueNew- Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the last foundland Ju- Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judi-dicature, &c. cature, in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive 8e^dpre" and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and re-committecL

Claw addi- Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the tional Duties Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill reported, granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

«»naid«red.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and West India Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Island* Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Slate, Stone, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain 1 "

Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n Vol^|^er upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplin- orp® 1 ing of such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr Hobartaccordingly reported from the said Com- reported,

mittee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®n ^.otA caKn^ upon the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit "

the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, be now read.

And-

Committee or Expiring Laws Bill.

Committee on Bill for stamping Bills of Exchange and Moles.

Papers relating to Hull Docks, presented.

34 Geo. III. I0 — 2° A407

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and the Use of Clarke's Hydrometer, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

the Lords of the Treasury, dated 4th September 1793: inclosing,

Report of J. Huddart to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, dated Highbury Terrace 6th August 1793, respecting Hull Docks.

Report of W. Jessop to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, dated Newark 1st July 1793, respecting Hull Docks.

Report of Thomas Morris to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, dated Liverpool 30th July 1793, concerning the Situation of a new Dock at Hull: And also,

Copy of a Memorial of the Proprietors of Houses and Buildings at Kingston upon Hull to the Lords of the Treasury, respecting the Old Harbour at Hull: And also,

Copy of a Memorial from William Hammond, Henry Broadley, and Philip Green, Esquires, to the Lords of the Treasury, together with the Reference of the Lords of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs on the said Memorial: And also,

Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords of the Treasury, on the Memorial from The Dock Company at Hull, dated 30th April

1787.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Book were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Book are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Proceedings Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Dock on and Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Docks Bill. HuU;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the Counsel be now called in.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of a Memorial from Joseph Sykes, William Waller, and William Hammond, to the Lords of the Treasury, on Behalf of the Merchants and others of the Town of Hull, in the Year 1773: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Report 9th February 1773, " with a Plan for establishing lawful Quays at the Port " of Hull:" And also,

Copy of a Letter from Richard Bell and William Hammond, to John Robinson, Esquire, on Behalf of the Corporation of Hull, relative to the Subscriptions for carrying on the proposed Quays there, dated 28 th March 1774: And also,

A Book, intituled, " Papers relative to the Establishment of a lawful Quay at the Port of Hull:" And also.

Letter from James Hume to George Rose, Esquire, dated Custom House 26th February 1793, on the Subject of a new Dock at Hull: And also,

Report from the Commissioners of the Customs to VOL; *19.

Mercuriiy 2° die Apritis;

Anno 34# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794:

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Crawcrooit Open and Common Town Fields, within the InclosureBili Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of PaMed* Ryton, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titld be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields, within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of R,in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence:

A Message-

408 20 Aprilis. A. 1794.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. have agreed Montagu:

to Mr. Speaker,

Callicoe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Printers Bill for amending and making perpetual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement " of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, " Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties " thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, " for a Limited Time , without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for allow- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

ing Whale Act for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of of Men. Men at certain Ports, for a limited Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

St. Alkmond An ingrossed Bill for taking down and re-building Church Bill the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of passed. Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, was read the Third Time. "

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hull Docks Ordered, That the Bill for extending the Dock and Bill deferred. Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

rfiseworth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Compassed. mon Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Disc-worth, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Fences across Freeboards.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Allotments for Freeboards.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed Bill to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 9. 1. 1. ‘ ~

After " College," to insert " and " their Successors."

After " Undertenants," to insert " and their Goods and Chattels."

After " accountable, " to insert " and answerable for every Neglect thereof."

To leave out the First " and, " and after " Tythes," to insert and " Common Rights."

At the End of the Line to add " and their Successors, but such " Lands and Grounds shall be " wholly exempted therefrom." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Pr. 33- 1- 39*

1. 40.

Pr. 48. 1. 2.

Pr. 55. 1. 10.

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, reported from the Committee, Thornham to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, Inclosure Bai and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field rePorted* Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thornham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of James Whitehead, of Thornham, in the County of Norfolk, Farmer and Tythe Master there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Estate is assessed to the Land Tax at Twenty Shillings a Year; and also, except the Owners of Land, not separately assessed to the Land Tax, of the Yearly Value of £. 7, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Assessment of the Land Tax amounts to £. 528. i«. id. a Year, and the Whole of the Lands, not separately assessed to the Land Tax, are of the Annual Value of £. 92. 10s. or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Bristol Debt Gaol in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, ors Petition-and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes Account of of the House, of Thursday last, of the Petition of the ^Jf^*1** several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Duescoflkct-being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Town of ed by the Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and residing in Corporation the said Town, might be read. of Cambridge

7 o ordered

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Tolls and Wharfage Dues collected by the Corporation of Cambridge, from the 1 oth of October 1786 to the 10th of October 1793; distinguishing the Amount of such Tolls and Dues collected in each Year, and the Purposes to which the same have been applied respectively.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Order re-adjoumed Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henrietta PeUtlonrMd. Maria Atherton, of Atherton Hall, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Spinster, was referred;

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the - Petition from caster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, Lancaster and read; Setting forth, That it having been explicitly stated that the Idea of criminating their Solicitor is given ting7 her up, it remains for that Company earnestly to solicit Consent.

the

1

34.Geo. III. 2 Aprilis.409

the Attention of the House to the Case of Miss as proved before the Committee, and they humbly submit, that from such Evidence die following irrefragable Propositions are deduced — ist, that, by the Solicitation and Invitation of the Guardian and Agent of Miss Atherton, and expressly to benefit her Estate, the Company was induced to make the Survey, by the Town of Leigh — 2d, that, during the Survey, and both before and after Miss Atherton' % coming of Age, and from the Month of April to the Month of November, 1793, no Objection was ever intimated, by any Person, in any Manner, against the Line so chosen in Compliance with the Wishes of such Agents, whereby the Company not only lost a really preferable Line, but have been deceived into an enormous Expence in the pursuing of that which was originally to them a Matter of perfect Indifference — 3d, that Miss Atherton did really ftssent appears not only by the Evidence, but upon the Face of her own Petition, and she assented upon Conditions: That the Petitioners think that, by their Bill, they have fulfilled those Conditions, but if Miss Atherton thinks they have not, then they are willing to admit Miss Ath own Conceptions of those Conditions, and to insert them in the Bill, in any Form of Words she may prescribe, and the Petitioners therefore cast themselves upon the Justice and Candour of Parliament, with full Hope, that the Importance of a Navigation, tending not only to enrich the adjacent Country, but to effect a Communication between the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland-, and the River Thames, will have Weight enough with the House to induce them to resolve, that a Consent, obtained upon Conditions which the Lancaster Company are both willing and able to comply with, ought not to be allowed to be retracted: And therefore praying, That their Bill, depending in the House, may proceed, or, in case the same shall be frustrated, then that it may be upon Condition that Miss Atherton, or her Guardian, may refund or defray the Expence occasioned by their adopting such a Line at the Instigation aforesaid, as well as the present Application to Parliament, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Adjourned Then the House resumed the adjourned Consideration Consideration of the said Report.

of Report on Resolved, That it appears, that, by the Plan which has

ton's Petition ^>een Presented pursuant to the Standing Orders of this resumed; and House, the Line of the intended Canal, which is to Resolutions extend the Lancaster Canal Navigation, is to be carried thereupon, through Part of the Lawn and Pleasure Grounds of Miss Atherton.

Resolved, That it appears, by the Book of Reference annexed to the said Plan, that Miss i3 stated as

having given her absolute and unconditional Consent to that Plan.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it appears, by the Clause in the Bill now depending in this House for the Purpose aforesaid, which has been referred to in the Evidence of Mr. Jackson Mason, -the Agent for the said Bill, and has by him been stated to the Committee as a Clause for the Protection of Miss Athertons Property, that the Undertakers of the said Canal (in Case Miss Atherton shall either be unwilling or unable to direct and appoint the Line to be taken nearer to the Town of Leigh are to be empowered to carry the said Canal through Part of her Avenue, Lawn, and Pleasure Ground, without her Consent;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}37.

Tellers for the Noes,j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Vo l. 49.

posed, That it appears, that Miss Atherton has neither given her Consent to the Line of the said Canal, as described in the Plan, nor to the Terms of the Bill by which the said Undertakers are to be authorized, under any Circumstances, to carry the said Canal through Part of her Avenue, Lawn, and Pleasure Grounds; .

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " under any Circumstances."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of die Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears, mat Miss Atherton has neither given her Consent to the Line of the said Canal, as described in the Plan, nor to the Terms of the Bill by which the said Undertakers are to be authorized, under any Circumstances, to carry the said Canal through Part of her Avenue, Lawn, and Pleasure Grounds.

Resolved, That it appears, that Miss Atherton has no Power to direct and appoint the Line of the said Canal to be carried nearer to the Town of Leigh, in as much as Part of the Lands, through which it must be carried, are not in the Possession, or under the Controul, of Miss Atherton, and belong to Persons, whose Names are not included in the List of Consents, and through a Township not inserted in the Notices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, instruction to to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Committae prietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to extend ?n ®*J| *?

1. xt , .® xt tend the Lan-

such Navigation, by making and maintaining a Navi- caster Canal

gable Canal from the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, Navigation, at or near a certain Place called How Croft, in the Parish of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridge-water, in the Parish of Eccles, in the said County, and also to vary the Line of the said Lancaster Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, is committed, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing the Lancaster Canal Company from carrying the Line' of the Canal through any Part of the Avenue,

Lawn, or Pleasure Grounds of Miss Atherton, without her Consent in Writing being'first had and obtained.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, Petition iu of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the ^ilLkv House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner's Bij[

find, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to join Well Creek and the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the said Well Creek from Outwell aforesaid to Salter's Load Sluice, in the County, of Norfolk: And praying, That the said Bill may be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Catholic Dis-intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and " under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, com " from certain Penalties and Disabilities to* which " Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion,

" are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

5 M Resolved,

Member added to bring in Norfolk Island Judicature Bill.

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill, presented.

Glass additional Duties re-committed Bill, reported.

Bill for indemnifying Governors* &c. in the West India Islands, reported.

Pot and Pearl Ashes Bill, reported*

Expiring Laws Bill, reported.

410 2° Aprilis. . 1794.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Tune-

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Honse, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ..ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, and ths

4

Use of Clarkde Hydrometer, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b* ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon foe Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into foe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed foe Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive foe same.

Ordered, That foe Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distilleries in Scotland, and for appropriating foe said Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon foe said' Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for foe Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of foe Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Bill for stamping Bills of Exchange and Notes* reported.

Committee on Slate* Stone* &c. Duties Bill.

Scotch Distil* lery Bill* committed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loam or Exchequer Bills committed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, committed.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature, &c. Acts committed.

Bill for granting to Foreign Ships the Privileges of Prise Ships, &c. presented.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink & Kings Lynn Drainage Bill.

34 Geo. III. 2(> — 3°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature^ in the Island of Newfoundlandand to revive and

continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resohtd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty u to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manu-- facture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in " America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated " according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Aprilis. 411

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors or Owners of divers Commonable or Low or Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Parishes of Isleham, Fordham, JVicken, Soham,

Water beach, Cottenham, Ra Willingham, and

Over, in the County of Cambridge, and

Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Methwoid, Northwold, and Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Qhattisham, Littleport, Stretham,

Witchford, Witcham, Wilburton, and Sut-

ton, within the Isle of Ely, for, and on the Behalf of themselves, and the several other Proprietors or

Owners of Commonable, and Low or Fen Grounds, within the several Parishes aforesaid, by Permission of the House, examined another Witness in Support of the said Petition, whom they had stated to the House, before they closed their Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition, as being prevented, by an unavoidable Necessity, from attending at the Time when he ought regularly to have been examined.

And the House having directed that the Hearing of Counsel in Support of the Petition of John,

a Proprietor of certain Lands- in a certain Fen or Place, called Redmoor, in Ely, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in Redmoor aforesaid, should be postponed;

One of the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn; and also, for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants,' and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lynn; and also, for the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Country of Marshland.; and also, for the Petition of foe Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn, and South Lytm All Saints, lying on foe East Side of the River Ouze, was, in Part, heard to observe upon foe Evidence which had been adduced in Support of the said Petitions.

And thoi foe Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That foe further Hearing of Counsel upon foe said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of foe Clock.

Ordered, That foe Order of foe Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ana foe said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wiU, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into foe said Committee.

t

The other Order of the Day being read, for foe further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of foe Great Level of foe Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also foe Lands adjoining, or near to, foe River Ouze, in foe County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by foe Harbour of King's Lym, in the said County, and for altering and improving foe Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in foe Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in foe said County, to foe said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with foe said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

Voim49.

Jovis, 3° die Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MR. Hippisley Coxe reported from foe Committee, Tintinhull to whom foe Bill for dividing, allotting and Inclosure Bill inclosing certain Open and Common Arable Fields, rePorted-and a Common Meadow, within foe Manor and Parish of Tintinhull, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That foe Committee had examined, and found that foe Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been given within foe Time limited, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament until it was too late to comply with foe said Standing Orders, but that Notices were given on foe Church Door of Tintinhull on the 17th and 24th of November, and on foe 1 st of December last; and that all the Parties interested in foe Inclosure are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined foe Allegations of foe Bill, and found foe same to be

true;

412

3" Aprilis. A. 1794.

true; and that die Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lords have agreed to

Huddersfield Canal Bill.

'Sowerby Bridge and Castle Field Canal Bill.

Tiverton Paving Bill.

Win wick Inclosure Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Montagu;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of in the

West Riding of the County of to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and , at, or near,

the Town of Ashton under Lyne, aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at, or near, Bridge

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of and Northampton', without any Amendment: And also, " " '

East Harptry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of AaMnLnent. Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry, in the County of Somerset; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have passed vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Walsingham Western, Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in Lieu thereof, ana in Exchange for the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Western's And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Estate Bill Time.

read* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Walkington Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to I"clo8U/« Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and presented. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wijtecb Na- General Adeane reported from the Committee, to reported l w^om the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place

called The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said- River from Outwell Church to Sailer's Load Sluice, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Petition from British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- Mann. titioners were incorporated under an Act, passed in facturera, the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Leave to intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons " therein named, and their Successors, with proper ating a new " Powers for the Purpose of establishing one or more Company.

" Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and " conducting the same, upon an improved Plan, in a " peculiar Manner calculated for the casting of large " Plate Glass," which Act was to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, besides the Capital Stock raised in Conformity to the said Act, the Petitioners have contracted Debts to the Amount of about £.66,000, and the Company have had in view, for some Time, an Application to Parliament to grant them Relief in the present embarrassed Situation of their Circumstances; but, ffom unavoidable Accidents, the Time for presenting Private Petitions elapsed before the Company could, with Propriety, make Application to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for dissolving the present, and for creating a new Company for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and for vesting in such new Company the whole of the Corporation Property, subject to the Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for such other Purposes as shall appear to be necessarily connected with the Subject, and such Petition has been accordingly prepared, and is now ready to be presented to the House; and that the Creditors of the Company have become very importunate for Payment of their Demands, and have even threatened coercive Measures, which, if carried into Effect, would be highly injurious to the Interests of the Petitioners, who have embarked considerable Sums in the Establishment of a Manufactory, which they conceive to be an Object of National Importance, and might totally ruin the same before the next Session of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the House will give Leave to the Petitioners to present their aforesaid Petitioi} for dissolving the present, and for creating a new Company of Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, notwithstanding the Time' limited for presenting similar Petitions during the present Session, is elapsed.

And the House being informed, by a Member in his Place, that the said Company would have made an earlier Application to the House, but were restrained by the Consideration of the Effects which the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, now depending in this House, might have on the State of the Affairs of the said Company;

Ordered,

34 Geo. III. 30 Aprilis. 413

Leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances now stated to the House, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired, by the said Governor and Company of the British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers.

Petition from Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of the Company the British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was pre-Glass Man*- sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That facturere. by the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners were empowered to raise a Capital joint Stock, to be applied for carrying on the said Manufacture, not exceeding £. 40,000; and, in case the same should be found insufficient, an additional Sum of 20,000, in the Manner therein mentioned, and, the said Act contains various Clauses prescribing the Mode in which the said Manufactory was to be carried on, and directing that the said Act should take Place, and have Continuance, from the passing thereof, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the said Manufactory was established in the Year 1773, and has ever since been conducted by the Petitioners in Conformity to the Terms of the said Act, first with a Capital Stock of £. 40,000, afterwards with the extended Capital of £. 60,000, and since with that Capital, aided by Loans negotiated by the Company with different Individuals, to the Amount of £. 60,000 or thereabouts; and that, according to an Estimate lately made of the Company's Property, the same is worth upwards of £. 150,000, to be disposed of in the regular Course of Trade, but would not produce Half, perhaps not One-third of that Sum by a forced Sale, under Executions at the Suit of the Petitioners Creditors, nevertheless they have insisted upon immediate Payment of their Demands, and have threatened to use coercive Measures, the Petitioners have therefore had Recourse to different Expedients for relieving themselves from their Difficulties, but the said Act having limited the Capital of the Company to £. 60,000, and the Duration of the Act itself to the next Session of Parliament, the Petitioners find it utterly impracticable to raise Money sufficient to satisfy the Debts owing by them, without an Enlargement of the Term, and an Extension of their Capital, and the said Act having been found, by Experience, to be defective in its Provisions for the Management of such a Concern, and many of the original Proprietors, or those deriving Titles under such Proprietors, having from Death, Insolvency, Infancy, or other Causes, become inefficient Members of the said Company (Circumstances which have a Tendency to impede its Operations) the Petitioners are desirous that the present Company should be dissolved, and a new one created upon such a Scale as will embrace the Objects before pointed out: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dissolving the present, and for creating, a new Company for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and for vesting in such new Company the Whole of the Corporation Property, subject to the Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for such other Purposes as shall appear to be necessarily connected with this Subject.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

OrderforAc- The House was moved, That the Order, made count of Tolls Yesterday, " That there be laid before this House, Du's collect- "an ^ccount of the several Tolls and Wharfage Dues edby the " ' VOL. 49-

" collected by the Corporation of Cambridge, from Corporation " the 10th of October 1786 to the 10th of October of Cambridge " 1793; distinguishing the Amount of such Tolls and d"char8*L " Dues collected in each Year, and the Purposes to " which the same have been applied respectively," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Hoyland Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, Inclosure Bill and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, rePorted> and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Dern, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 1. 13*. 5 who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, is assessed to the Land Tax at £ 56. 85J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Prisoners for Debt WiltsDebton in the County Gaol of Wilts, was presented to the Petition, House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Anne Shaw, Widow, and George Ed- Petition for ward Allen, Esquire, was presented to the House, and additional read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at, or near, the 3®^ cwial Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the Bill.

River Avon, at, or near, the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and Setting forth, That the Line of the proposed Canal, as described in the said Bill, will pass through the re-respective Estates of the Petitioners, in the Parishes of Kintbury, in the County of Berks, and Bath-Hampton, in the County of Somerset, and, if made in the said intended Course, will be of considerable Inconvenience and Injury to the Petitioners; and that it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that Deviations may be made in spme Parts of the Line of the said Canal, which would, in some Measure, prevent the Inconvenience and Injury they must otherwise sustain, and be equally beneficial to the Public with the intended Line, and such Deviation would pass only through the Lands of the Petitioners, and, for a small Distance, through the Lands of certain other Persons, who are consenting the reto: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making such Deviations in the Line of the said Canal, as the House shall judge sufficient for preventing, as far as may be, the Inconvenience and Injury the Petitioners must otherwise sustain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dp

5 N examine

Petition in favour of Swansea Canal Bill.

St. Martin Stamford Baron, Oundle, &c. Roads Bill passed.

Bill for granting to Foreign Ships the Privileges of Prize Ships, &c. committed.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Carlisle.

414 8° AA. 1794.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goddard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Merchants, Ship Owners, and other the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Marazion, and Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais in the County of Brecon, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 64. 1. 37. To leave out from the Beginning

of the Line to the End of 1. 29. in Pr. 65.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said

Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built " in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Brad-dyll, Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 3d Day of March, in the Year 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson and also of another Petition on the Part of, and subscribed by, several other Persons, Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Carlisle}reported to the House

their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did at the same Time also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended; That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also for the said other Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the said City of Carlisle, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement as follows, — " The Counsel for the Petitioners state the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, duly admitted and " sworn Freemen of the said City, and deriving their " Title to such Freedom by being- Sons of Freemen,

" or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a " Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship,

" within the said City; or by Election of the Mayor " and Common Council of the said City, with the Consent and Approbation of certain Persons, called The " Fours, otherwise the Fours of the Election of each " of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said " City, as Representatives of the whole Commonalty " of the said City: They also state, that no Person is " entitled to be admitted a Freeman of the said City,

" who has not been previously admitted a Brother of " one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said " City;" that the Counsel for the sitting Members, Janies Clarke Satterthwaite and Edward Nubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows, — " The " Counsel for the sitting Members state the Right of " Election to be in the Freemen of the City of " lisle, who acquire a Title to such Freedom by being " Sons of Freemen, or by serving an Apprenticeship " during Seven Years to a Freeman, or by Election " of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and capital Citizens of the said City: They also state, that it is not " necessary, in order to become a Freeman of the said " City, to have been previously admitted a Brother " of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within " the said CityThat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right " of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is " not the Right of Election for the City of,

" in the County of Cumberland that, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That " the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City of " Carlisle-," that, the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence' adduced before them touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle, determined, " That the " Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the " County of Cumberland, is in the Freemen of the " said City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the " said City, having been previously admitted Brethren " of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the " said City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom " by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven " Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said City, and " in no others;" and that, on or about the 1st Day of February 1794, Thomas Wilson Moi'ley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John RRo-

bert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brown-rigg, presented their Petition to the House, in order to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all 12 subsequent

34 Geo. III. 3 0 Aprilis.415

subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for the said City, thereby stating, they were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided, and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them stich Relief therein as the House should think fit; and that the Petitioners insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and in favour of which the said Select Committee so reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may nave such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration* at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Bill for in- An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Governors, demnifying Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, &rin*the *n West India Islands, who have permitted the

West India Importation and Exportation of Goods and Corn-Islands modities in Foreign Bottoms, was read the Third

passed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill.do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Catholic Dis- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, !frterLAct' upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in eerT ' the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein " described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, " to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish " Religion, are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Von.49.

Ah ingrossed Bill for authorizing His Majesty to Pot and Pearl prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Ashes Bill, Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on. ?** upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by "rm

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Exchequer One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now Bill*, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiuee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on. Bill for upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Loans or Ex One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now chequer Bill*, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committe* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Scotch upon the Bill for making perpetual certain Duties of D‘*tlUei7 Excise on Distilleries, ana on Licences granted to Dis- 1 tilleries in Scotland, and for appropriating the said Duties,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr,

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill, committed.

Instruction to Committee on Bill for more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, &c.

Bill to amend Act for better Obervation of the Lord's Day, deferred.

Motion for Account of Guns and Military Stores left at Dunkirk and Toulon.

Neg.

Accounts relating to the East India Company, presented.

416 3°-r~P A 1794.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to 'a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to exempt from Forfeiture, in certain Cases, Rum of die Produce of the British Plantations, and Coffee imported into this Kingdom.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly " called Sunday

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Guns and Military Stores that were left at Dunkirk and Toulon respectively, on the Retreat of the British Forces from those Places

It passed in the Negative.

The House being infooned that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Comparison between the estimated and actual Sales of the East India Company, from the 1st of March 1793 to the 1st of March 1794: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Receipts and Payments of the East India Company in England, as estimated on an Average by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793, compared with the actual Sales of Goods from March 1793 to March 1794, and the several Expences of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, &c. paid thereout.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Counsel far-further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the r beard on the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and L^nn Dr^n-the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; age Bill, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were Called in.

And the Counsel for his own Petition, being the Petition of John Philipps, a Proprietor of certain Lands in a certain Fen or Place, called Redmoor, in Ely, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in Redmoor aforesaid, was heard, and examined a Witness, and closed his Evidence in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till T°-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP® Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher Royal Assent of the Black Rod: to Bill»-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; apd that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Hawkesbury, named also in the said Commission, did

accordingly

34 Geo. III.

4° Aprilis.

417

accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof:

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future:

An Act for allowing Vessels, employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for a limited Time:

An Act for amending, and making perpetual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens,

" Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Bridge

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Candl of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to, or nearly to, Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Canal of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, at, or near, the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate

with the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, at, or near, the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate, in die Parish of Ticknall, to

the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at, or near, a Place called The Wooden Box, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrogate, through Ripley and to the North East

Corner of liutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County, and also, from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of pertain Acts of Parliament, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the Road leading from the Town of Vo i. 49.

Rochdale, to a Place called Edetfield, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhouse, in the County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Harrison, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Winwick, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition in Proprietors of Houses, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and pavin^&c. read; Setting forth, That the said City has long Bill. ' wanted a well regulated Police, and a sufficient Supply of fresh Water, and the Magistrates and Town Council of the said City have, at different Times, brought forward, published, and dispersed, the Heads of a Bill calculated to meet the Wishes of the Inhabitants, and the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill for such Purposes is now depending in the House: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law, with such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Compton Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the several Open Beauchamp Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other BlU

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish ofp Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Un- Houghton inclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Inclosure Bill Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of committed* Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dean and for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of

Canons of Windsor and Thomas Stoner, Esquire, was ^m^or , o , rr- ' Mr. Stoner's

read a Second Time. Exchange

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Williatp Bill com-Heathcote, the Lord Parker, &c.: And they are to meet mitted. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from the Termination of one of the Branches of the said Navigations near Broadwater, in the Parish of in

the County of Stafford, to, or near, the Town of Walsall, in the said County, with certain Collateral Cuts out of the same, and for improving the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, by making a Navigable Cut from, and out of, the same, at- a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again with the said Navigations at a Place called Deepfield,. both in the said County, and for making proper Roads and, Railways to communicate with. the said several Navigations, was committed.; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

5 O true;

Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and FazeleyCanal Navigations reported.

V*

Wolverhampton and Ivefeey Bank Road am committed.

Broughton Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition against Queensferry Roads Bill.

418 4° Aprilis. 1794.

true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from,

in the County of Stafford, to Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be committed to the Earl Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of die Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing die Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Heritors, Land Owners, and Commissioners of Supply, for the County of Kinross, and-principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Kinross and Miln-a-Thort, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, to pass by, or near by, the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive they will be greatly aggrieved if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in as much as it lavs a heavy and severe Toll upon the Heritors, Landholders, and Inhabitants of the said County, without any reasonable Cause, or just Ground for the same: That Kinross is a very small County in point of Extent, whereas the Counties of Perth ana Fife are very large, rich, and populous, each having the Benefit of Water Carriage, whereas the County of Kinross is Ten Miles from any Sea Port; and that great Part of the high Toll, proposed to be raised in the County of Kinross by the said Bill, is with a View of making Roads, Bridges, and Piers, or Improvements on the Ferries, with which the greatest Number of the laborious and industrious Poor in the County of Kinross have no Connection, and it is proposed to lay a heavy Toll on Coal, which to an Inland and Manufacturing County is oppressive and unjust, as well as oppressive, when it is considered that the Money, to be raised by such Toll, will be laid out at the Will and Pleasure of the Two other Counties, who constitute a great Majority of the Commissioners, and who can always overpower the County of Kinross, where there are but few landed Gentlemen to fill the Situation of Commissioners; and that, although the County of Kinross is in itself but vety small, yet the Line of Road to which the proposed Bill relates is as extensive in the County of Kinross as that which goes through the Counties of Fife and Perth, and the Heritors and Land Owners in the County of Kinross are willing to keep that whole Line of Road, being Ten Miles in the County of Kinross, in complete 3

Repair, and they trust free of Drift, with the Tolls as they now stand, and, if they do so, they submit that they do their Duty by the Public; and that they can with Certainty accomplish this desirable End, the Petitioners can prove to the Satisfaction of the House, by shewing the Receipts upon the said Ten Miles of Road to be greatly within the Expenditure, and they can further prove, that the Road through that County has always been in more perfect Repair than any other Part of the Trust: And that, being a distinct ana separate County, with distinct and separate Jurisdiction, and being universally dissentient from the said Junction, because they foresee no Benefit to the Public, and much Detriment to their own Interests, from continuing to be joined in the same Trust with the Counties of Perth and Fife, upon the Footing now proposed, they pmy, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Second Reading of the said Bill, and in the other Stages of die Proceedings thereon, to the End that the County of Kinross may be struck out from the said Bill, and, should the same pass into a Law for the Counties of Perth and Fife, the Petitioners further pray, that the Trustees shall not be empowered to levy any Tolb on Coals at or near the Bridge of Kelly, or on any Part of the Road leading from thence to the nearest Coal Pits, on the Petitioners undertaking to keep the said Coal Roads in Repair, mid freeing ana relieving the Counties of Perth and Fife from the Expence of supporting the same, and the Petitioners have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Htppisley Core reported from the Committee, Clutton, High to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Litde&m,&«. vigable Canal, with proper Towing Paths, Rail or sported. Carriage Ways, and Stone Roads, from the several Collieries in the several Parishes of Clutton, High Littleton, Paulton, Timsbury, otherwise Timsborough,

Midsomer- Norton, Camerton, Dunkerton, Radstock, otherwise Radstoke, and Writhlington, and elsewhere, in the County of Somerset, to or near a certain Bridge, called Lympley Stoke Bridge, in the Tything of Lympley Stoke, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereonto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^ord*J Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, toEastH^p-Ai4 Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract try Inclwure of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Men- Bill agreed to dip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!;

Pr. 25. J. 37. After " Life," insert " except " George Swayne and his Successors, Vicars of East Harptry aforesaid, for and in respect of any Lands to be alldtted to him or them in pursuance of this Act."

The

34 Geo. III. 4° .

419

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Core do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Tiatinhall An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Inclosure Bill dosing certain Open and Common Arable Fields, and pas*ed' a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of

Tintinhull, in the County of Somerset, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arable Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Core do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bridgewater A Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Bridge, &c. Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the Bdl commit- £ounty of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poulett, Mr. Hippisley Core, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Renfrew' and Bill for enlargi ng the Term and Powers of an Parkhouse Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Roads Bill His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue committed. " the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth " and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing seve- ral Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far " as the same relate to the Roads from tire City of " Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, t6 Renfrew Bridge, to " the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and " from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and ,"

so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William M( Dowall, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Winchester A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the County Debtors Peu- (jaoj at Winchester, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Chester In- Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom closure Bill the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, reported. Commons, of Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine Of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had beeh Vo l. 49.

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- , mittee (except several Persons having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, whose Estates are rated towards the Relief of the Poor, to the Amount of f. 131. 10$. who were either neuter, or could not be found; and that the whole of the Property is rated at 5,891. 3 s. 4; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom M«e*rs. Ken-the Bill for vesting in John Kendrew and Thomas Port-house, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Bill reported, the sole Use and Property of a certain Mill or Machine, for Spinning Yam from Flax and Hemp, of their Invention, for a limited Time was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Roundway, ralty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Com- Bedborough, monable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable UrB

Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of mitted. Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bish and in the Parish of Marden, in the County of was a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. John Pitt, 80c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty- Bill to amend second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Mold Inclo-dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and *ureAyJ Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, comnu in the County of Flint, was read a Second Tima.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ro^er Mostyn, Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Roger Mostyn presented to the House, according Abergele, to Order, a Bill for embanking and otherwise fencing Aaapfa, from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhyd- Drainage$iU lan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid* presented, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rkydlan, in the County of Flinf, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish oi Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth

and Meliden, in the said County of and to cot

and make in or through the same, or some Part

thereof.

Marston Bridge, Ashby de la Zouch, and Ticknall, &c. Canal Bill reported.

Lamport and Hanging Houghton Inclosure Bill presented.

Tyburn and Uxbridge, &c. Roads Bill reported.

Leeds, Bradford, and Horton, &c. -Roads Bill committed.

420

4° Aprilis.: A. 1794.

thereof, One or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parkyns reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedford, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby dela Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Tickmll, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the several Manors of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the' Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell , through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t

A Bill for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament " therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the " repairing and amending of the Roads leading from " Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through " Bowling and Wibsey to Halifax, and also the Roads " called Boioling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the " West Riding of the County of York," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BHl be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: - And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, Welland in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of Drainageand the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging BiUcom-011 their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for mitted. altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and Open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The and for dis-

posing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Barker Church reported from the Committee, Wendover to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bin Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste reported. Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found That the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named (except the Proprietors of 273 Acres, who are neuter; and that the whole Number of Acres to be divided and inclosed amount to 1,670; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have prepared a Petition to the House, for the purpose of obtaining Relief to enable them the better to carry on their Affairs, but, the Time for receiving Private Petitions being expired, the same cannot be presented without Leave; and that the Accounts and Estimates, upon which the Necessity of such Relief is founded, could not be made until after the 1st Instant, therefore they could not present the said Petition within the Time limited for presenting Private Petitions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Petitioners now to present a Petition to the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of die particular

Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired, by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

\ Then

East India Company's Petition for Leave to present a Petition to enable them better to cany on their Affairs.

Leave given.

"East India Company's Petition.

Hoy land Inclosure Bill passed.

34 Geo. III. 4° Aprilis. 421

Then a Petition of the United Company of Mer- Ordered, That Sir Thomas do ciarry the Bill

chants of England, trading to the East Indies, was pre- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by

an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to tided, " An Act for placing the Stock, called East the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning adjourn to " India Annuities, under the Management of the Go- next. Monday.

" vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and

" ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Cen- Mr. according to Order, reported from Aberdeen

turn reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt die Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, Paving, &c. " of Four Millions Two Hundred thousand Pounds lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Bill reP0Ited* owing by the Public to the East India Company, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of " and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and " of Money by a further Increase of their Capital from the same; for the better supplying the InhaStock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts bitants with freshWater; and for removing and preof the said Company," it was enacted, that it should venting all Obstructions and Annoyances within the be lawful for the Petitioners, with the Consent and said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed; and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's to whom the Petition of the thereunto Subscribers,

Treasury, to open Books, and receive Subscriptions Citizens, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of Aberdeen, was for enlarging their Capital Stock of Five Millions to referred; That the Committee had considered the said any Sum, not exceeding the further Sum of One Mil- Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the lion, so as to make their whole Capital Stock Six Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Millions, which said additional Stock was to be sub- Committee had gone through the Bill, and made se-

scribed and paid for in the Manner in the said Act veral Amendments thereunto which they had directed mentioned, and, it was thereby further enacted, " that, him to report to the House; and he read the Report " out of the Monies to arise by the said Subscription, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the said Company should, in the first Place, apply the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

" so much thereof, as should be sufficient for the Pur- Report was read.

pose, in reducing their Bond Debt in Great Britain Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further " to the Surn of One Million Five hundred thousand Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

" Pounds, and, after such Reduction made, or a suf- Ordered, That the Burgesses, Citizens, and Inhaficient Sum set apart and reserved for that Purpose, bitants of Aberdeen, who petitioned this House upon " that the said Company should apply and dispose of the 27th Day of March last, praying to be heard, by " the Residue of the Monies arising by the said Sub- Counsel, against the said Bill, be permitted to be then " scription in the Discharge of such other Debts due, heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon " or coming due from them, as they should think their Petition, if they think fit.

" fit;" and that the One Million of Pounds of addi- Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at tional Stock, mentioned in the said Act, hath been the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the subscribed for, and the Subscription for the same hath said Petition, been paid, and the Petitioners have thereout paid off,

bought up, or otherwise discharged, Bonds to the Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for rais-Amount of £. 1,150,575, and have set apart a suffi- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for a Sum by

cient Sum for the Purchase or Discharge of as many -raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche-more Bonds as will reduce the said Debt to Two quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand reputed. Millions; and that, from large Payments of Debts Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed, the

beyond the Estimates of last Year, and other Circum- Amendments which the Committee had made to the

stances, the Petitioners have not been able to reduce Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

the said Bond Debt to the Sum of £. 1,500,000, as House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

by the said Act was intended, and the Petitioners terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

conceive it to be expedient that the same, for the pre- at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were sent, should be allowed to remain at a larger Amount, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One and also, that they should have Power hereafter to in- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-crease the same, for the Purposes of their Trade and upon, were agreed to by the House.

Commerce, as Circumstances may require: And there- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fore praying the * House to take the Premises into ingrossed.

Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief

therein as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for rais-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ing a further

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche-

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Bills reported

shall appear to them, to the House: Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed; the

And it is referred to Mr. David, Scott, Sir Francis Amendments which the Committee had made to the Baring, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

Chamber. terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

G rounds, within the Township of Hoy land, in the Parish upon, were agreed to by the House, of JVath upon Dem, in the West Riding of the County Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of York, was read the Third Time. ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Scotch D»-Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tillery Bill within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distil- re*>orte<1-upon Hem, in the West Riding of the County of York, leries, and on Licences granted to Distilleries in Scot-

Vol. 49. 5 P land.

422

4° Apritis.

A. 1794.

fond, and for appropriating the said Cuties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; find he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiD, with the Amendments, be ingroSsed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Committee on Bill to

tholic?Dig- upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in aenters Act the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, " and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, " from certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which " Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, " are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the -County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for taking special Bail in the County Palatine of Lancaster presented.

Glass Additional Duties Bill, passed.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Removal ^ea^2°P P°°r Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement, RemovalBilL untd they are actually chargeable, be read a Second Time upon this Day SeVennight.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from^Cham- fronQ the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, Office pre- attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the

sented. Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc-

tions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th of July 1793: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, Black-friar's Bridge, from the 29th Dot of September 1792 to the 29th of September 1793: And also.

An Account of Money received and 'paid, by the Chamberiain of London, in pursuance of an' Act for

8.

making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell-street, towards the East, into street, 8cc.from the 29th Day of September 1792 to the 29th September 1793: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, from the 29th September 1792 to the 31st December 1793: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th Day of September 1792 to tile 29th September 1793-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, WooSom^ to consider of the Report which was made from the en,°petition. Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented-to this House in this Session of Parliament from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, were referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of Edmund Cartwright, Petitions re-of Doncaster, in the County of York, Clerk; and ferred-also, the Petition of William Toplis, the Younger, of Cuckney, in the County of Nottingham, Worsted

-Manufacturer, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Butter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Butter reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to revise Committee the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills for to

making Canals, Aqueducts, and improving the Naviga- ^"orders tion of Rivers; and to report their Opinion thereupon relative to to the House. Navigation

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Powys,

Mr. Baker, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Duncombe,

Mr. Browne, Sir William Lemon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Wind-

ham, Mr. Eliot, Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Smith, Sir Martin Browne Folkes,

Sir John Ingleby, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Serjeant Watson; and all the Knights for Shires; and Gentlemen of the Long Robe in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Me#-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to forbetta this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented of i^dR* the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker Venu«.

(all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is a* followed); viz.

GEORGE

Bill for more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, &c. deferred.

Committee on Norfolk Island Judicature Bill.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature, &c. Acts, deferred.

Committee on East I ndia Company's Revenue Accounts.

34 Geo. III. 4° — 7° Apnlis. 423

GEORGE R.

His Majesty recommends it to the House of Commons, to take into Consideration the Propriety of making Provision for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been presented to this House, from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth 'iear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobarttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland', and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 26th Vol. 49.

Day of March last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. Owen (from the said Directors) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bcaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Volunteer mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the thereon Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, or Com- Bidered., panies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- wayg and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ^red-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunas, 7° die Apnlis;

Anno 34® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Dunchurch to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and Southam and keeping in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to Road Rl11 Southam, in the County of Warwick, was committed; rep0 e That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

Crawley and Bishops Sutton Inclosure Bill presented.

Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and FazeleyCanal Navigations passed.

Aldermaston Roads Bill presented.

Additional Petition to Newbury and Bath Canal Bill, reported.

424

7° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from the Termination of one of the Branches of the said Navigations near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, to, or near, the Town of Walsall, in the said County, with certain Collateral Cuts out of the same; and for improving the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, by making a Navigable Cut from, and out of, the same, at a Place called Bloomfield, in the Parish of Tipton, to communicate again with the said Navigations at a Place called Deepfield, both in the said County; and for making proper Roads and Railways to communicate with the said several Navigations, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the'Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at, or near, Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resblved\That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr, Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Anne Shaw, Widow, and George Edward Allen, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the proposed Variations of the Kennet and Avon Canal do not exceed One hundred and Twenty Chains in Length, and do not go through any other Parishes than were mentioned in the Notices given for the Bill, and that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which the Variations go, are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Randolph, and Charles Henry Dundas, Esquire, being examined, said, That since depositing the Plan and Book of Reference with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Berks and Somerset, for making the Canal from the River Kennet, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of it hath been found, that, by varying certain Parts of the Line of the said Canal, in the Parishes of Kintbury, Bath Hampton, and Bath Easton, it will not only be an Accommodation to the Petitioners, but would be equally beneficial to the Public as if made in the Line Laid down and described in the said. Plan and Book of Reference.

And the Witnesses added, That the Extent of One of the Variations is only about Twenty-five Chains, and the other about Ninety Chains; and that neither of the said Variations go into any other Parish than was described in the original Notices, given in pursuance of the Standing Orders of this House relating to Navigations, nor through any Land, except the Lands of the Petitioners, and of Four other Persons, who, and also tlje Occupiers of those Lands, are consenting thereto; and that the Subscribers to the Undertaking are willing to make such Variations.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for varying the Line of the said Canal, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of in certain Lands belonging to Anne Shaw, Widow, and the Reverend John Craven, Clerk, and in the Parishes of Bath Hampton and Bath Easton, in the County of Somerset, in cer- -tain Lands belonging to George Edward Allen, Esquire, and the Reverend ..... Davis, and ..... Bishop.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and The Lord* Mr Perns: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia Pay-for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of die Bill* Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nen Navi-to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the gad®0 B, B Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tuddenham. for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half- Inclosure Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Fen Lands, B,u* Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act vmp;ngh.m for dividing, allotting and inclosing, certain Open Inclosure and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, B‘®* Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish of Empingham, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Keevil, ia-for dividing and allotting the Open and Common n»ston,&c. Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Billosure Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The

34 Gr.o. III. 7° A prills.

425

Burtry Ford, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Alston, and Act for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road Roa^Buf3 from Burtri/Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to in the County of

Northumberland; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this will proceed House, That their Lordships will proceed further in tin ^'s Trial" Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Name Bill reported and passed.

Sir George Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee to Shuekburgh's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh, Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Evelyn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he- delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Walkiugton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and committed. \yaste Grounds, within the Township of

in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the

addedj^Eiii Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, for"ifiocking a Bill for regulating the Manner of stocking and using Marsh Com- the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the mon. Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

Bill for Stock- Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Common*1 Order, a Bill for regulating the Manner of stocking and presented. using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, iii the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Borrowstoun- Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to ness Two whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Penny Scots Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year 1 repo ‘ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Vox.. 49!

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House-.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee Claife Inclo-to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing sure the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, repo or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 8 s. 7 £ who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 3. 45. who were neuter in respect thereto; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 14. is. 6 -£ </.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Henry Somerset Duke of Beaufort, was Petition for presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of in

the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca- Swansea nal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Gla- Canal Bill. morgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon; and Setting forth, That the Line of the proposed Canal, as described in the said Bill, will pass through the Estates of the Petitioner in the Parish of Langefelach, in the County of Glamorgan, and, if made in the said intended Course, will be of great Injury to the Petitioner; and that it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that Deviations may be made in some Parts of the Line of the said Canal, which would, in some Measure, prevent the Injury which the Petitioner must otherwise sustain, and be equally beneficial to the Public with the intended Line, and such Deviation would pass only through the Lands of the Petitioner, and, for a small Distance, through the Lands of certain other Persons, who are consenting thereto: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making such Deviation in the Line of the said Canal as the House shall judge sufficient for preventing, as far as may be, the Injury the Petitioner must otherwise sustain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr.

Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Poulett reported from the Committee, to whom Additional the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, geation of the Borough of Bridgewater, under their Common Bridge^c!

5 Q Seal, Bill reported.

426

7° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Codrington being examined, said, That the Funds applicable to the Repairs of the Bridge over the River Parrett, within the said Borough, are found to be insufficient for the re-building of the same; and that it is expedient, that Powers should be given for taking a Toll, for a limited Time, on Cattle and Carriages passing to,- from, and through the said Town.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of , in

the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for taking a Toll, for a limited Time, on Cattle and Carriages passing to, from, and through the said Borough.

Long Ben-nington and Foston Inclosure Bill reported.

King's Consent to D® Bill.

Foxley Charity Bill committed.

Mr. Simon Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill;.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called " Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, " founded by Lady Katharine Leveson," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors,

" with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing " One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually " supporting and conducting the same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated for the " casting of large Plate Glass," was read; by which Act it appeared, that the Petitioners were empowered to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to be applied for carrying on the said Manufacture, not exceeding £. 40,000, ana in case the same should be found insufficient, an addi- ' tional Sum of £. 20,000 in the Manner, and under the Rules and Regulations therein mentioned; which Act was to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years: Then,

Mr. Alexander Black (Secretary to the said Company) being examined, said, That the said Manufactory was established in the Year 1773, arKl has ever since been conducted in Conformity to the Terms of the said Act, first with a Capital of £. 40,000, afterwards with the extended Capital of £. 60,000, and since, with that Capital, aided by Loans negotiated by the Company with different Individuals, to the Amount of £. 66,000. — That, according to an Estimate lately made of the Company's Property, the same is worth £. 150,000 and upwards, if disposed of in the regular Course of Trade, but would not produce Half, perhaps not One Third of that Sum, by a forced Sale, under Executions at the Suit of the Company's Creditors, who have insisted upon immediate Payment of their Demands, and have threatened coercive Measures; whereby the Company have had Recourse to different Expedients to relieve themselves from their Difficulties — That the said Act having limited their Capital to £. 60,000, and the Duration of the Act itself to the next Session of Parliament, the Company find it utterly impracticable to raise Money sufficient to satisfy the Debts owing by them, without.an Enlargement of the Term, and an Extension of their Capital. — And he added, That the said Act hath been found to be defective in many Particulars, and it is expedient that the present Company should be dissolved, and a new one created under proper Regulations suitable to the Subject.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to dissolve the Corporation established by an Act; passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, " with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated fot " the casting of large Plate Glass," and to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory established under the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Thomas Dundas and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

Petition from the Company of Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers reported.

u

34 Geo. III. 7° Aprilis.

427

Bill to amend Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Catholic Dis- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom to explain and amend an Act, made in the repo . Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein " described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, " to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish " Religion, are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Seaford Pe- The House was moved, That the Order, made tition re- upon the 17th Day of February last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of the several Election de- Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on ferred. Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, respecting the Right of Election for the said Town and Port, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 8th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford.

Order for The House was moved, That the Order, made upon referring Friday last, for referring the Petition of the United Company^ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Petition to a Indies, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be Committee be read.

discharged. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Report on East India Company's Revenue Accounts.

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of March last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of thd East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bah and Orissa, and horn Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and foe Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1790-1 to 1792-3, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Thirty-one Lacks Thirty-four thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-eight Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated for the Year 1792-3, to amount to Five Crore Ten Lacks Forty-nine thousand Two hundred Vol. 49.

and Three Rupees, amounted to Five Crore Fifty-two Lacks Sixty-nine thousand Three hundred and T hirty-nine Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated for the Year

1792- 3, at Three Crore Four Lacks Twenty-three thousand Six. hundred and Seventy-seven Rupees, amounted to Two Crore Ninety-five Lacks Sixty thousand Six hundred and Eighty-four Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year

1793- 4, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Five Crore Forty-two Lacks Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred and Forty-one Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1793-4, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Three Crore Twenty-four Lacks Fifty-two thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in die Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Nabob of Arcot, and Rajah of Tartjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which (exclusive of the Sums to be. received from Tippoo Sultaun) were estimated for the Year 1792-3, to amount to Forty-six Lacks Forty thousand and Forty Pagodas, amounted to Fifty-seven Lacks Eight thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1792-3, to amount to Forty-two Lacks Seven hundred and Sixteen Pagodas, amounted to Forty-nine Lacks' Nine thousand One hundred and Sixty-thre# Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That die Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1793-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount (exclusive of Ten Lacks Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty-three Pagodas to be received from Tippoo Sultaun) to Forty-five Lacks Seventy-five thousand Six hundred and Forty-two Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the said Company at the Presidency oi Fo Saint George, and in the Camatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications,

428

7° Apri

A. 1794.

cations, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for the Year 1793-4, are estimated, by the Governor and Council at Madras, to amount to the Sum of Forty-two Lacks Fifty-three thousand Two hundred and Forty-four Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, on an Average of Three Years, from 1789-90 to 1791-2, amounted to the Sum of Fifteen Lacks Thirty thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads aforesaid, which were estimated, for the Year 1791-2, to amount to Fifteen Lacks Eighty-four Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Bombay Rupees, amounted to Sixteen Lacks Forty-six thousand Three hundred and Fifty Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Eight hundred and Seventy-two thousand One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds of Debt transferred from India) amounted on 1st March 1794, to Seven Millions Six thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and afloat Outward, consisting of Annuities, Cash in the Treasury, Goods sold not paid for. Goods unsold, Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted on the 1st of March 1794, to the Sum of Nine Millions Eight hundred Eighty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to amount to Four Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds Annually, amounted.

in the Year 1793-4, to the Sum of Four Millions Eight hundred and Eighty-seven thousand One hundred and Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Twenty seven Pounds, the Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subor- the Charges to be paid out of the said Sales, which, in dinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to 1791-2, to amount to One Crore Twenty Lacks Fifty- amount Annually to the Sum of Three Millions Nine two thousand Five hundred and Fifty-one Bombay hundred and Seventy-eight thousand Eight hundred and

Rupees, amounted to One Crore Seventeen Lacks Fifty-three thousand Four hundred and Sixty-one Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

Seventy-three Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1793-4, to the Sum of Four Millions Eighty-three thousand One hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at it is expedient that the East India Company should not the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subor- be bound to reduce their Bond Debt below Two Mil-dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, lions of Pounds Sterling.

Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year RThat it appears to this Committee, That 1792-3, are estimated, by the Governor and Council the East India Company ought to be enabled, with the of Bombay, at the Sum of Twenty-one Lacks Fifty- Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs three thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-two Bombay of India, to raise a Sum of Money, by issuing Bonds Rupees. to an Amount not exceeding One Million of Pounds

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sterling, over and above such Bonds as they are now the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India by Law authorized to issue.

Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Set- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second, tlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1792-3, are Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, estimated at Sixty Lacks Fifty-eight thousand three agreed to by the House, hundred and Ninety-five Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That The House was moved, That the Petition of the India

the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

Residency of For{ Marlborough, and its Dependencies, the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon again,°LT arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, Friday last, might be again read. Bill ordered,

on an Average of Three Years, from 1789-90 to 1791-2, And the same being read accordingly;

both inclusive, to Seventeen thousand Seven hundred Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and Thirty-eight Dollars. empower the East India Company to continue a Bond

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a

the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may re-

several Settlements in India amounted, according to quire: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. the latest Advices, to the Sum of Seven Crore Eighty- Beaufo and Mr. Secretary Dundas do prepare, and five Lacks Seventy-four thousand and Forty-nine bring in, the same.

Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Norfolk the Value of Assets in India, consisting of Cash in the Committee of the whol<? House, to whom the Bill to bland M Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal ^tu|^ j

be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold Judicature in Norfolk Island, was committed, the

in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use, or Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Sale, amounted, according to the latest Advices (in- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

eluding Current Rupees, Four Crore Forty-eight House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Lacks Forty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Seven, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in of Debt6 stated to be owing to the Company there) at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were to Eight Crore Seventy-three Lacks Thirty-seven Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-one Current Ru- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-pees. upon, were agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Balance of Stock in favour of the East India Com- ingrossed. pany's Commerce in China amounted, according to the

latest Advices, to the Sum of One Million Forty thousand Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Lottery Bill

and Fifty-eight Pounds. a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Surii

of

.34 Geo. III. T Apritis429

Bill to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers ordered.

East India Company's Bill presented.

Volunteer Corps Bill passed.

of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may require: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring the Rights and " Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession " of the Crown," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, to authorize, under the present Circumstances, voluntary Subscriptions, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Bill.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause, be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for rais- An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, ing a Sum by by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the cheauer Bill®" Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was passed. " read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 49.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Bill for rais-Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service *"& a further of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- Loans or Ex-four, was read the Third Time; chequer Bill*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed, be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual certain Duties Scotch Dis^ of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to BlU Distilleries in Scotland, and for appropriating the said pas*ed' Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distilleries in Scotland, and for appropriating the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mi-. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingtossed Bill to continue the Exportation of Culm Expiring to> Lisbon, and the Use of Clarke's Hydrometer, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time. pa*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

Ordered, That Mr, Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Coifimissioners of Bill for the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, stamping in certain Cases, was read the Third Time, BiH» ot Ex-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 8114 be, An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the passed. Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of slate, Stone, the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to &c. Duties His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, deferred, and Marble, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Bill for grant-Moming next, resolve itself into a Committee of "810 the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to Fo- the^rivitege* reign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the of Prize Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations Ships, &c. and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign deferred‘ Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

" Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's " Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies " directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon Further the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Eau Brink Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands ad- and King's joining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands Lynn Drain-adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said '

5 R River

Marston Bridge, Ashby de la Zouch, &c. Canal Bill deferred.

Report from Committee on Report of Wool-combers Petitions deferred.

Bill for more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, &c. deferred.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature, &c. Acts deferred.

Supply

Referred.

Ways and Meant deferred.

Abergavenny Paving, &c. Bill present- id.

430

8° Aprilis. A. 1794.

River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint in the said

County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River be

adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning. '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to this House in this Session of Parliament from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, were referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mart is, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794. Prayers.

MR. Salusbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better paving cleansing,

lighting, wratching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, and for providing a proper Market Place, and removing the present Market House, and for repairing and altering the Water Works belonging to the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Clutton, Navigable Canal, with proper Towing Paths, Rail or High Little-Carriage Ways, an<ji Stone Roads, from the several Q^al Bill Collieries in the several Parishes of Clutton, Nigh Lit- passed. tleton, Paulton, Timsbury, otherwise Timsborough,

Midsomer- Norton, Camerton, Dunkerton, Radstock,

otherwise Raastoke, and Writhlington, and elsewhere, in the County of Somerset, to or near a certain Bridge, called Lympley Stoke Bridge, in the Tything of Stoke, in foe Parish of Bradford, . in the County of Wilts, waS read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 23. To leave out " John Thomas."

Pr. 12. 1. 16. To leave out " or Stone Quar-

" ries".

1. 18.

1. 12. 1. 21. Pr. 14. 1. 1.

To leave out " or Stone Quarries " respectively."

Pr. 13. I. 9. To leave out " or Stpne Quarries " respectively."

To leave out " or Stone Quarries " respectively."

To leave out " or Stone Quarries " respectively."

To leave out " or Stone Quarries " respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; und the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County, of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Coxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Chester In-Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within Bill the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the County Pr- passed* latine of Durham, w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Pa7 rish and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in John Kendrew and Messrs Ken. Thomas Porth&use, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Bill Mill or Machine, for spinning Yam from Flax and Hemp, of their Invention, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in John Kendrew and Thomas Porthouse, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Mills, or Machines, of their Invention, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Manufacturers and other Per- Petition sons, residing or having Estates within the Towns of against Taunton, Bridgewater, Langport, Somerton, , Brid^&T

h Chard, bul^'

Petition against Bridgewater Bridge, &c. Bill, read again, referred, and Counsel ordered.

34 Geo. III. 8° Aprilis. 431

Chard, and Wellington, and the respective Neighbourhoods, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Par ret t, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and Setting forth, That it appears, by the said Bill, that, in order to defray the Expence of re-building the said Bridge, and repairing and improving the Quays and Wharfs of the said Town of Bridgewater, it is proposed to lay additional

Duties upon Boats and other Vessels, and the Lading thereof, coming into the Port of Bridgewater, or passing under the said Bridge, and also to confirm and establish other Duties, which are at present very doubtful; and, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, great Quantities of Coals, and a Variety of other Articles used in the Manufactures carried on by the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, in the Several Towns and Places aforesaid, will be charged with much higher Duties than they are now charged with, which will be very injurious to thp Petitioners and the Inhabitants of the several Towns &nd the Neighbourhood thereof, by subjecting them to the Payment of the said increased and doubtful Duties, and for most of which Duties the Petitioners will receive no Benefit or Advantage whatsoever; and Representing to the House, that the Mayor and Corporation of Bridgewater have, for many Years last past, received divers large Sums of Money, which, if duly accounted for, would, as the Petitioners nave goad Reason to believe, be more than adequate to rebuild the said Bridge arid repair the Quays, and that Such Bridge and Quays may be very easily repaired, and the said Bridge widened and rendered safe and commodious, at a moderate Expence: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by th'eir Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall appear to affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief as to tjpe House shall appear ream sonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed} and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Proprietors, and Conservators, of the River Tone fr, om Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, which was presented to the House upon the 1st Day of this Instant April; and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vol. 49.

tA Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Broughton 'Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Inclosure Bill Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of committed-Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Earl Ludlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Western's for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Walsingham Estate Bill Western, Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and conmut his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bullock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce\ reported from the Committee, to Clothiers whom the Petition of the Narrow Woollen Clothiers, ^eti^8 in the West Riding of the County of York', and also, repo the Petition of the White Broad Woollen Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mixed Broad Clothiers, in the West Riding of the County of York, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clefk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Tq prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr.

Joseph Stancliffe (a White Broad Woollen Clothier of A Airfield, near Wakefield) being examined, said, That there has been for many Years past an extensive Manufactory of Woollen Cloth of different Qualities carried on in the West Riding of Yorkshire, which has employed and maintained, with Decency and Comfort, many Thousands of Men, omen, and Children. —

That, compared with other Manufactories, he thinks this in the said West Riding, has improved much beyqnd the Cloth Trade, in any other Part of the Kingdom; the Success of which he attribute? to the Difference of the System of carrying on this Manufactory, and the Mode in which it has hitherto been conducted in other Places. — Arid being asked, Wherein that System varied ? he said, By Merchants and Manufacturers having, hitherto been, different Persons:

That this System, which, so fortunately for the Trade in general the Individuals concerned in it, and the Public at large, has, so happily long prevailed in Yorkshire, is now in Danger of being broken in upon, by Merchants establishing large Factories themselves, wherein it is intended to employ a great Number of Persons that now work at their own Houses, in the manufacturing of Cloth, which will form a Monopoly, intended to be supported by great Capitals, and set on Foot by that Description of Persons concerned in the Woollen Trade in Yorkshire, called Cloth . Merchants becoming Cloth Makers; and of late, several such Merchants, in and near the Towns of Leeds and Halifax, have commenced Clothiqjrs or Cloth Makers, and others have manifested a Disposition to follow their Example, by establishing large Factories for making Woollen Cloth, which must be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, who, with a very trifling Capital, aided by the unremitting Labour of themselves and Families, united under one Roof, decently and independently have maintained themselves, and kept the Home Trade and Foreign Markets constantly and equally supplied, without an Idea or possibility of Monopoly, or any Advantage inconsistent with good Faith and fair Dealing, or beyond a necessary and

equitable

432 8° Aprilt. A. 1794.

equitable Profit on their Labour; and that from this comfortable and independent Situation, should such Innovation prevail, the Petitioners must separate from their Families, and be reduced to a State of Servitude to gain their Bread. — Then,

Mr. James Hebden being examined, as to the State of the Improvement of the Woollen Manufactory in the West Riding of Yorkshire; he informed the Committee, That, by an Account which he received from the Treasurer of the said West Riding, it appeared that in the Year 1769 there were made 2,771,667 Yards of Broad Cloth, and of Narrow, 2,144,019 Yards; and in the Year 1792, of the former 6,760,728 Yards, and of the latter 5,531,698 Yards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees of the Two Cloth Halls in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make Bye Laws and Regulations, under certain Restrictions, the better to prevent Cloth Merchants from becoming Cloth Manufacturers; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Wilbeiforce, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Skelton Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open reported. Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons,.and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John of Skelton,

in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Chatteris and General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Ramsey whom the Bill for continuing the Term of so much of Road Bill an Act, of tke Twelfth Year of His present Majesty,

reported. as relates to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the

Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr, Estcourt presented to the House, according to Bill to con. Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing the Divi- finn the lesion, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open or ^^eof Common Fields, and Common Field Lands, and a Com- Common mon Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Fields pre-Old Sodbt/try and Little Sodbury, in the County of seated.

Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, to South Kelsey whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze rePorte®-Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders-of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending and ahering certain Acts of Par- Bill to ametd liament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal ^e Oxford from the Coventry Canal Navigation to me City of Oxford, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Estcourt, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account of Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and Disposition at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, present*.

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1793 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of April 1794, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

GOO;

g

cq"

r-h

n'

CD

CL

cr

O

O

oo

<5

o

p

to

An A C C O M P T, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1793 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day

of April 1794> and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

1

SERVICES.

" For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 25,000 Men, including 5,000 Marines, from the 1st Day of January 1793 ——

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 20,000 additional Men, including 4,000 Marines, Rom the said 1st Day of Januanr 1793 ——

( For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1793 - -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1793 ——

Towards paying off and discharging the Navy Debt ——

1. d.

1,235,000 ——

988.000 — — 669,205 5 10

387,710 ——

575.000 ——

o

s

s

O

r For Ordnance, Land Service ----- ----- ----- ---- 448,374 19 9

For Additional - D° -..... ----- --- - 281,079 18 8

For Ordnance, Sea Service - -- -- -- -- - 65,000----

For Additional - D° - -- -- -- - - - 52,000 — —

For defraying the Expenses of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783,

and not provided for by Parliament - -- -- -- 320 6 9

\ For defraying the Expenses of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in 1791 ;..... ----- 15,095 16 3

For defraying the Expenses of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in 1792 - -..... 6,826 I5 4

For defraying the Expenses of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in 1791..... w '.....32,068 15 4

cn

0

0

4>

1

For defraying the Charge of 17,344 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains,

Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants, for the Year 1793 579,174 18 1}

For defraying the Charge of 9,945 effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, being an Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces, from the 24th Day of January 1793 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, and of One Regiment of Foot, from the 25th Day of December 1792 to the 24th Day of December 1793, both inclusive - - - 437,837 1 11

For defraying the Charge of One hundred Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised in the Year 1793 - - - - 130,950 — —

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 24th of January 1793 to the 24th of

December following, both inclusive, and of the Charge of Accoutrements, &c. for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry - 59,066 3 7

For defraying the Charge of the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the

J Troops in Great Britain, and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, lor die Year 1793 ----- - 117,500 ——

' For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, Surgeons and Serjeants, for the Year 1793 - - 351,385 1 10

On Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1793.....- - - -.....8,323 17 10 J

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in Gibraltar and the West Indies, for the Year 1793 - -- - - -- 11,559 17-11

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793 - - - 6,409 8 —

For the Pay of Additional General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793 - - - 32,520 — —

SUMS voted or granted.

£. d.

3,854,915 510

900,766 IS 1

SUMS paid.

£. t. d.

3,613,743 l 101

900,766 is 1

Remains to be paid.

*. d.

341,17s 3 ui

E* -

F§

34 Geo. III. 8° Aprilis 433

8*9

o

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

o

00_

?r

I,

3

An Accompt, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1793 has been disposed of, &c. — continued.

SERVICE S — continued.

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Expense of their respective Offices; and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1793 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1793 - .

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four TYoops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1793 ——

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1793 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1793 For thereduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1793 - -

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1793

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to' be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the

Year 1793..... -.....-

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expenses of the said Hospital, for the Year

»793 ....

For defraying the Charge of a Corps of Light Dragoons for Service , in Jamaica, of several Regiments of Foot, and of Supernumerary Private Man of His Majesty's Forces, from their respective Commencements to the {24th Day of December 179a inclusive For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, for the Year 1793

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1793 - - - .

For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, from their respective Commencements to the 24th of December 1793 inclusive ——

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.....- ——

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the embodied Militia, for the 1793 ——

For defraying the Charge of One Regiment of Foot, of several Fencible Regiments in North Britain, and of a Corps of Fencibles in the Isle of Man, from the 26th Day of March 1793 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive ——

For defraying the Charge of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops taken into the Service of Great Britain, from the 22d of February 1793 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive ——

For defraying the Charge of Levy Money, Camp Equipage, and other Expenses attending the Hanoverian Forces in the Service of Great Britain, on their taking die Field ——

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expenses of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, from the 25th Day December 1791 to the 24th Day of December 1792, and not provided for by Parliament ——

£. 1. d.

52»964 6 7

156,797 18 4

202 1 8

3,000 — —

4,907 10 —

55,092 10 —

13,940 8" 11

9,313 6 3

177,995 2 1

15,639 5 11

278,122 14 2

72.000 ——

285,458 2 6

65.000 ——

140,000 ——

109,682 16 9

238,253 H 8 217*598 ——

337,865 1 2

For defraying the Expense that will attend the Repair of the Damage done to The Cobb, at Lyme Regis, by the violent Storm that happened on the 24th and 25th of January 1792 - -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st of January 1793 to the ist of January 1794 Fox defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, ih America, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794 For defraying the Expense attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st of December 1792 to die 31 st of December 1793 Fer defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ist of April 1793 to the 1st of April 1794 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1793 to the ist Day of January 1794 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24 th Day of June 1793 to the 24th Day of June

1794

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica* from the ist Day of January 1793 to the 1st Day of January 1794 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793 -

For the Expense of the New Roads of Communicadon, and building Bridges, in die Highlands in North Britain, for the Year 1793 -

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.....-

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown.....-....

SUMS voted or granted.

s, d.

3,988,559 8 3

9,802 5 — 5,315 — —

4,400 ——

1,900 ——

1,800 ——

6,700 — - — -1,182 10 —

4,250 ——

580 ——

600 ——

4,657 18 — J

4,500 ——

13,000 ——

3,000 ——

37,857 17 3

1,600 ——

SUMS paid.

s. d.

3,968,559 8 3

5,315 ——

4,400 ——

1,900 ——

1,800 ——

6,700 — -!-1,182 10 —

4,250 ——

4,657 18 — 5

4,500 ——

13,000 ——

3,000 ——

37>657 17 3

1,600 —

Remains to he paid.

s. d.

r‘

9,80a

580 — 600 —

-a

o

cq"

— h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

'C

n

o

J*w

CO

To make good the like Sum, which has been issued to John Dally, Gent towards defraying the necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execution of an Act, authorizing the Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Two Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One of those in Scotland, to esquire

into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue -.

To make good the like Sum which has been issued for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions, and other Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales,

and of die Amount of the Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire,

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the

River Thames - ....

To make good the like Sum which has been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Ports^ mouth Harbours ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Civil Government ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton and William Chinnery, Esquires, for defraying the Expences of removing of Black People to the Settlement of Sierra Leone - ....

To make good the like Sura issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of purchasing Provisions for the Relief of 650 Emigrants from the Highlands of Scotland, who arrived at Nova Scotia from Glasgow in great Distress; and for other Services ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Joseph White, Esquire, for paying the Assessments upon the Salaries of the Commissioners for auditing the Public

Accompts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Years 1788 and 1789. ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Charles Goddard, Esquire, to satisfy a Bill drawn by Sir Morton Eden, His Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia, for Money disbursed by him at Berlin, for the Use of His Royal Highness the Duke of York *

To make good the like Sum issued to William Pollock, Esquire, to reimburse Expences incurred by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Isle of Man ——

To make good the like Sum issued to sundry Persons, to be applied towards Charitable Gratuities and Passage Money to sundry American Loyalists, desirous of becoming Settlers in Upper Canada, and other Services for the Use of the said Settlement ..... ....

To make good the like Sum issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, to enable him to pay Bills for Works done at the House of Commons, by Order of the Speaker and Committee, for the better ventilating and warming the said House ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to reimburse to sundry Persons who carried on the Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and who arrived at Milford Haven in order to settle in this Kingdom, the Losses sustained by them in consequence of the Sale of their Property by such Removal, and for their Passage ——

For Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1793, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

For Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereon as shall become due on or before the 10th day of October 1793, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America; and for making Compensations to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the

Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, &c. -....

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1791, at Lady Day 1793 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1791, at Michaelmas 1793 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1792 ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £.2,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 32° Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1793, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 3,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act of the 320 Georgii 3tU, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament* for the Service of the Year 1793, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To John Wilmot, Esquire, late one of the Commissioners for American Claims, for a Clerk employed to deliver out Certificates signed by the said late Commissioners ——

For Rewards to the Officers of the Exchequer, for managing, directing, and paying the Orders made out for the Relief of American Sufferers, etal.

To the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for D0 ——

To the Secretaries to the Commissioners apppointed for issuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, by an Act 330 Georgii 3tU, Cap. 29. for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Expences incurred in the Execution of the said Act - - - -~-

To John Farhill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission - -- -- -- -....

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for, £.4,500,000, raised by Annuities, for the Service of the

Year 1793 - - - - ^.....*

To D°, for Discounts on prompt Payments to the Contributors of the said £.4,500,000 ——

To D°, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery for £. 675,000, established by an Act 33° Georgii 3111 - -

500 ——

56,370 15 8

3,737 12 -

1 Ij021 4 5

12,407 1 4i

26,000

15.643 4 6

.386 15 6

1,068 4

5,897 5

1,1+6 8

13,800 15

1,453 16 4»

1,420 3 —

218,041 7 4

; 58,500 17 6

200,000 — —

112,774 12

226,640 3 9 i

225,325 2 4

2,055,597 6 9

3,648,104 13 5

133 5 6

1,160

122 3 9*

6,000 — —

1,435 19 6

3,626 1 3

53,5+6 11 9

500,000 ——

500 ——

56,370 15 8

3,737 12

11,021 .4 5:

13,407 . 1 4l

26,000 — —

15,643 4 fc

386 15 6

1,068 4 —

5,897 5 —

1,146 8 —

13,800 15 —

1,453 16 4i

1,430 3 —

315,396 19 8*

55.139 — at

200,000 — —

H3,774 12 a

226,640 3 9i

235,335 2 4

3,055,597 6 9

3,648,104 13 5

132 5 6

450 — —

122 3 9i

6,000 — —

1,435 19 6

3,626 1 3

52,546 n 9

- -

2,644 7 7 i

3,370 17 2 i

710 ——

500,000 — —

34 Geo. III. 8° ApriHs. 435

Ah Accompt, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1793, has been disposed of, &c. — continued.

g

CQ

r+

n'

CD

CL

cr

n

SERVICE S — continued.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving the Contributions to the said Lottery, paying the Prizes, Sec. and for Discounts on prompt Payments to the Contributors of the said Lottery ——

For the Charges and Expences in preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1793, and Ur take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require....

SUMS voted or granted.

Whereof has been issued to the Paymaster of the Forces, for Army Services

Issued to the Bank of England, to pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Claude Scott, Esquire, on the Commissioners of the Treasury, for Corn purchased for the Use of the Public Issued to D°, to pay Bills drawn by sundry Persons on the said Claude Scott, for Corn purchased by him for the Public Service, and made payable by the Bank ——

Issued to the Right honourable Robert Hobart, to be applied to any Uses to which His Majesty's Revenue in the Kingdom of Ireland is applicable, and to be repaid in such Manner as His Majesty shall hereafter direct, with the Consent of the Parliament of that Kingdom ——

Issued to Tho* Bambridge, Esquire, to be applied to the same Purposes, and to be repaid in the some Manner, with the Consent of the Parliament of Ireland ——

£. ». d.

838,811 1 2

383,001 n 5

78,187 7 5

100,000 — —

100,000 — —

1,500,1300 ——

Towards satisfying the Services,

There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to a Lottery D°.....- ... of the Consolidated Fund -

£. s. d. L281 9 1

112,400 ——

1,500,000 ——

SUMS paid*

£. #. d.

i,«8i 91

1,700 ——

1,500,000 ——

Remains to be paid.

£. s. 4.

10,700 — —

i7,799»7i8 15

17,030,139 1

81

9,141 6 285,415 13

3

7 i

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

76{h579 *3 9i

2947556 19 101

475,02a 13 10 J

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same; 'oixf.

£ & d.

3,000,000 ——

750,000 ——

435,696 1 7i

3,464,000 ——

4,500,000 ——

675,000 ——

2,000,000 ——

2,000,000 ——

1,500,000 ——

sh.

By 4 per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1793.

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th of January 1793.

Out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, from the 5th of January 1793 to the 5th of April 1794. J

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1794.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on D°.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the Service of the said Year 1794.

17,334,696 1 7J

475,022 13 10 j Deficiency of Ways and Means.

i7>799,7i8 15 5$

Mem4*.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz*.

For the late African Company's Creditors....

For Georgia Bills, residue of £. 15,496. 19s. ljcf. -To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 4^ per Cent, granted Anno 1785 To complete £.600, granted Anno 1788, for the Salary of die Chief Justice of Dominica -

To complete £.600, granted Anno 1789, for the Salary of - - D° - -

To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 3tU, for the Relief of American Sufferers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida, and charged on the Supplies, per A° 1789 To pay D* of Orders made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1790 - -

To pay D° of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 30* Geo. 3, and charged on D° - - - -

To pay D° of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1791 - -

To pay D° of Orders made out pursuant to an Act of 30° Geo. 3, and charged on D* -

To pay D° of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28* Geo. 3, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1792 -....

To pay D° of O/ders made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geo. 3, and charged

onD° ----- --....

For the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton, charged on the Supply for the Year

1791 - ....

For Salaries, Sec. to the Officers of the Bahama Islands, charged on D° -For the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica - D° -

900 12 10

570 17 7f

816 13 5J

388 10 6

87 18 11

2,000 15 3 i

i,45i 7 10 J

206 17 10 f

1,564 17 10 J

5,"7 8 ni

1,694 13 11

3,399 13 9 i

1,600 — —

2,014 — —

300 — —

*2,114 8 nf

Presented the 8th of April, 1794, by

W. Spetr.

f6Ll V -si\udv 08 9Gt

34 Geo. III. 8'Apr®*. 437

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tibbington Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Church Peti- the Petition of the Reverend Thomas Shaw Hillier, tion repo Clerk, Curate of the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, William Underhill, and Isaac Whitehouse, Churchwardens, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had* directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Horton, Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the said Parish Church is a very ancient Fabrick, and is become so ruinous that, for the Safety of Persons attending Divine Service, it is necessary that the same should be taken down, and a new Church built; and it is also necessary, either to enlarge the present Church Yard, or to purchase other Land for the Purpose of a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish — That it will require a very considerable Sum of Money to defray the Expences of taking down the present Church, and building and fitting up the new Church, and of enlarging the Church Yard, or purchasing Land for a new Burial Ground.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging the reto: And that Mr. Gilbert and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stirling and Sir Archibald Edmonstonereported from the Com-

Roftds BuT m'ttee> *° whom the Bill for repairing the Road from reported. Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Akelycum The Marquis of Titchfeld presented to the House, Stockholt according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing presented. die Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of A kelp cum Stockholt, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tolpuddle A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Unin-Inclosure Bill and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within

-commi . t^e ^{anor of Tolpuddle, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Burton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 49.

Mr. Brassey Hathed reported from the Committee, Burford to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure Bill Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of Bur- reporl ford, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Colhoun reported from the Committee, to whom Bedford Poor the Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, and- Em- Bill reported-ployment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of New-the Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James burgh and Sir Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Leving- ^oiWaltoi-ston, of Flacraig, in the Kingdom of Scotland, and of tfon reported. Sir John Throckmorton, of Buckland, in the County of Berks, Baronet, as the next Friend and Trustee for, and on Behalf of, Thomas Gifford, of in

the County of Stafford, Esquire, and of his Infant Children, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.'

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Han'isonproduced the Original Will of

Radclyffe, which shewed his Intention of leaving the Estate of Ambell to the last Earl of Newburgh, his little Nephew, the Father of the Petitioner the present Earl, but the Will not having been executed in the Presence of, and attested by Three credible Witnesses, no Real Estate could pass thereby.

Then, in order to prove the said William Radclyffe, on the 6th Day of November 1732, intestate, as to his Real Estates, and that they therefore escheated to the Crown for Want of an Heir, no Person being capable of claiming through the corrupted Blood of his Nephew Charles Radclyffe, who would have been his Heir in case he had not been attainted of High Treason, Mr. John Cobley produced official and attested Copies of a Commission, bearing Date the 27th of February, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and of an Inquisition taken there-

5 T upon

43S 8° A prills. A. 1T94-

upon at Morpeth, on the 4th Day of November Date the 2 otb Day of May 17105 and also a Quietus, 1742. or Discharge, signed by the Auditor of the Dutchy

Then, in order to prove that the late Earl of New- Court of Lancaster, dated the 8th Day of July 1710. burgh was born abroad, after the Attainder of his And to prove the Attainder of the said George Father the aforesaid Charles Rudelyffe, and that Doubts wood for acceding to the Rebellion of 1715, and that

therefore were entertained concerning his Alienage, his Estates were forfeited, an Act, passed in the First certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the the First, intituled, "An Act for appointing Corn-Second, intituled, "An Act for vesting the several " missioners to enquire of the Estates of certain

" Estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and " Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of* Estates

" Charles Radclyffe, deceased, comprized in several " given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money

" Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an " out of them severally for the Use of the Public,"

" absolute Estate of Inheritance for the Benefit of the was read; and Mr. produced official and at-

" Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for raising cer- tested Copies of the Inrolments of Two Deeds, beartain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates, ing Date the 14th Day of May 1719, expressed to be " for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles made between George Gregory, Esquire, Sir Thomas " Radclyffe," were read, which recited the Existence of Hales, Baronet, Henry Cunningham, Dennis Bond, Ser-such Doubts. jeant at Law, and Sir John Baronet, Comm is-'

Mr. Francis Plowden then produced Letters Patent sioners and Trustees appointed by the said last-men-, dated the 3d Day of November 1744, in order to prove tioned Act, and by one other Act, made in the Fourth that his late Majesty King George the Second, granted Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the Estate of Ambell, so escheated to die Crown as the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting the for-aforesaid, to the late Duke of Richmond and James " feited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in

Brudenell, Esquire, for Thirty-one Years, at the Yearly Rent of £.16. 9 s. and assigned to them all the Arrears of Rent due from the same Estate, from the Death of the said William Radclyffe, up to the Time of the Date of the Letters Patent.

And to prove that such Letters Patent were made to the said Duke of Richmond and James Brudenell, in Trust and for the Benefit of the said James Bartholomew late Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Plowden produced a Deed to which the said Duke of Richmond (the said James Brudenell being then dead) was a Party, and in which he is stated to be a Kinsman of the said late Earl of Newburgh, therein called Lord Kinnaird, and by which he covenanted to stand seised of the said Estate of Ambell, during his Estate and Term therein, for the Use and Benefit of the said late Earl of Newburgh's then intended Wife Barbara Kemp, and the Issue.

Mr. Plowden also produced Letters Patent bearing Date on the 25th Day of August 1768, by which His Majesty demised the same Estate of Ambell to the Earl of Litchfield and Lord Bellew, for Twenty-three Years and an Half, from the 14th Day of November 1775, at which Time the before-mentioned Term of Thirty-one Years was to expire, at the same Yearly Rent of £16. 9

And to prove that Anthony James Earl of Newburgh is the lawful Issue and only Son of the said James Bartholomew late Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Plowden produced an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging several Estates in the Couitties of " Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled " upon the late Charles Radclyffe deceased, for Life, " with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail " Male, with the Payment of a Clear Yearly Rent " Charge of £. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of the " said Charles Radclyffe the Right honourable Anthony " James Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of " his Body to be begotten."

And to prove that the said James Anthony Earl of Newburgh is now possessed, as Cestuique Trust, of the said Estate at Ambell, for the Residue of the said Term therein, Mr. Francis Plowden produced a Deed, bearing Date the 27 th of June 1789, by which the same is put into a regular Course of Settlement upon his Lordship's Marriage with his present Lady, formerly Miss Webbe.

And, in order to prove that the late George -

wood, of Eslington, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, was seised- of One Third Part of Colliery, an official and attested Copy of a Decree in Chancery was produced by Mr. Plowden, bearing

12

" Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Public, and " for giving Relief to lawful Creditors by determining the Claims, and for the more effectual " bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rentsand Profits of the said Estates till sold," of One Part, and Sir Henry Liddell, of Ravensworth Castle, in the County of Durham, Baronet, and John Jacob, of London, Gentleman, of the other Part, by which the said Trustees conveyed certain Estates forfeited by the said George Collingwood unto the said Sir Henry

Liddell, without mentioning the said Colliery of Stumplewood, or the Interest of the said George Coding-wood therein.

And, in order to prove that all such Estates, not included in the Reports made by the said Commissioners of the forfeited Estates, became vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of " Monies; and for Relief of William Widdrington; and " to prevent Foreign Lotteries being carried on in " this Kingdom; and for ascertaining the Duties on " Bound Books imported; and for issuing Certificates " and Debentures on Arrears due to Five Regiments, to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned; and for discharging the Duties of Rock " Salt lost in the Rivers Weaver and Mercy; and " for limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland " respectively; and for appropriating the Supplies " granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament; and to rectify Misnomers and Omissions of " Commissioners for the Land Tax in the Year 1723," was read.

Then, in order to prove that the said Thomas Gifford is the direct Descendant of the aforesaid George Collingwood, and would be his Heir at Law, but on the Account of the Attainder of his said Ancestor, Mr. Plowden produced a Bond entered into by the said George Collingwood to Lord Montague, dated the 3d of June 1710, made for the Payment of £. 100 to the Honourable Catherine Browne, Spinster, the Daughter of the said Lord Montague, in case he should marry her; and she should survive him, within One Month after his Death.

Then, in order to prove the Marriage of the said George Collingwood and Catherine Browne, and that thera was no Issue Male of that Marriage, Mr. Plowden produced a Copy of an intended Petition to the House of Commons, in the Year 1719, from the said Catherine Collingwood, in which it is stated, that there were then

Abergele, Saint Asapb, &c. Embankment and Drainage Bill committed.

Thornton

and bag-worth Iticlo-sure bill presented.

34 Geo. III.

439

living of the aforesaid Marriage, Two Daughters only, the eldest of whom was Eight Years of Age; and in order to shew that the Survivor of those Two Daughters was married, in or about the Year 1737, to Sir Robert Throckmorton, Baronet, Mr. produced

the Settlement upon such Marriage, dated the 6th of January 1737, to which the said Catherine the Mother, and Catherine then her only

Daughter, were Parties; and in order to prove that there was no other Issue of the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Throckmorton than One only Daughter, who was named Barbara, and was married to Thomas Giffard, the Father of the said Thomas Giffard, Mr. Plowden produced an Indenture, dated the 7th of June 1763, executed by the said Sir Robert Throckmorton, Barbara Throckmorton, and Thomas Giffard (the Father) before the Intermarriage of the said Thomas Giffard (the Father) and Barbara Throckmorton; and in order to prove that the said Marriage between the said Thomas Giffard and Barbara Throckmorton took Effect, Mr. Plowden produced a Deed Poll, dated on the 27 th August 1763; and in order to prove that there was no other Issue of the Marriage of the said Thomas Giffard with the said Barbara Throckmorton, Mr. Plowden produced a Settlement, dated the 2d of February 1769^ made on the Marriage of the said Thomas Giffard (the Father) with Frances Stonor (his Third Wife) whereby it appeared that the said Thomas Giffard (the Son) was the only Child by the said Barbara Throckmorton, and at the Time of the last mentioned Marriage was under Five Years of Age; and, in corroboration of the above-mentioned Facts, Mr. Plowden produced an attested Copy of the Epitaph of the above-named Catherine Collingwood, taken from her Tombstone, by which it appeared, that she died oh the 28th Day of December 1776, aged gl Years, and that she was buried on the 31st Day of the same Month, and likewise an Extract from the Register of the Parish of Brewood, in the County of Stafford, to prove that Barbara, the Wife of the said Thomas Giffard, was buried on the 20th Day of May 1764, being less than a Year from the Time of her Marriage.

And then Mr. Plowden informed your Committee, That Mr. Giffard was in such a deranged State of Mind, as to be incapable of managing his Affairs.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill for embanking and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts 01 the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said County of; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof. One or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Vol. 49.

Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the several Open Compton Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and Beauchamp other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Compton otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County mnu of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cotes,

Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Wendover Open Common Field, Common Meadows, and Waste Inclosure Bill Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of P®88*1, Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker Church do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for taking of special Bail in Actions and Bill for tak-Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the ing special County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time. 5^ "

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. tine of Lan-"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee caster, com-of the whole House. mitted.

Resotted, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upod the said Bill.

Mr. Butter, according to Order, reported from the Report from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Committee ferfed to consider of the Report which was made on Report of from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions ^Petidons presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Woolcombers, complaining of certain Machines constructed for the combing of Wool, were referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be riven to bring in a Bill, for the Purpose of protecting Woolcombers from being injured in their Manufacture by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool.

And Mr. Butter moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of protecting Woolcombers from being injured in their Manufacture by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool: And that Mr. Butter, Mr. Popham, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Rolle, and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account, shewing the Surplus of the Consolidated Surplus of Fund remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition Consolidated of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of April 1794. ordered

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are common thereunto subscribed, being Common Carriers, in Carriers Pe-that Part of Great Britain called England, using Wag- tition. gons of the several Descriptions hereafter stated, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Common Carriers, using Waggons of the like Descriptions, was presented to the House, and read '; Setting forth, That, by a Clause in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act " of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for

" regulating

440

8° Aprilis. A. 1794.

' " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," the Trustees, appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britain called , were

authorized to erect Machines, or Engines, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, for conveying of any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, and they were thereby empowered to receive and take, over and above the Tolls then granted, or thereafter to be granted, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, of One Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which every Waggon or Cart thereafter described, together with the Loading thereof, should weigh, over and above certain Weights thereafter allowed to each of them, respectively, viz. To every Waggon, or Four Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer, and Seven in Winter: To every Waggon, having the Axle

Trees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Wheels shall roll only one single Surface or Path of Sixteen Inches wide at the least on each Side of the Waggon, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, Six Tons Ten hundred in Summer, and Six Tons in Winter: To every Waggon, or Four Wheel Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons Ten Hundred in Winter; and, it was declared by such Act, that, for the several Purposes aforesaid, it should be deemed Summer from the 1st Day of May to the 31st of October, and Winter from the 1st of November to the 30th of April, inclusive; and that, by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made " in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General " Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; " so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at " Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to " be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, " and for allowing certain Exemptions with Respect " to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cases," the above recited Clause, so far as the same related- to the imposing an additional Toll of Twenty Shillings for every extra Hundred Weight, is repealed, and certain additional Tolls, enumerated in such Act, are directed to be taken in lieu thereof: That every Article, necessary for conducting the Business of a Common Carrier, has so much advanced in Price, since the Year 1773, that the Petitioners, and the other Carriers in this Kingdom, are obliged to expend yearly more than One-third of the Sums with which their Trade was formerly carried on, whereby they are considerably affected, inasmuch as the Rates of the Carriage of Goods are nearly the same now as they "p at the Time of passing the said recited Acts; and

that the Petitioners are unwilling to increase the Rates of the Carriage of Goods if the same can be avoided, as it might tend to injure the Trade of this Country, and be the Means of causing an additional Price to be imposed upon Articles conveyed by them, and the Petitioners apprehend, the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom will be benefited, and the Carriage of the Manufactories thereof to the Metropolis be greatly facilitated, if an Alteration is made in that Part of the Statute, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, which fixes lower Weights to be carried in Carriages or Waggons during the Winter Months than the Summer Months, the former of which are therein reckoned from the 1st Day of November to the 30th Day of April, both inclusive, and that, instead thereof, it be deemed Winter from the 1st of November to the last of February, as by that Means the Carriers would be better enabled to comply with the great Demands of the Manufacturers for Carriage of Goods, in order to be exported during the Months of March and April; and the Petitioners hope, that, as Broad Wheels have not been detrimental to the Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, and as the Petitioners are now subject to such heavy Expences in carrying on the Trade, that the House will grant them Relief, by enabling them to carry in their respective Waggons, an additional Weight of Ten Hundred during the whole Year, and that it may be lawful for them to carry, during the Months of March and April in each Year, such Weights as they are now by Law enabled to carry during that part of the Year which in the said recited Act is deemed Summer: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall deem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Marlow, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of April 1794.

Mr. Marlow also (from the Exchequer) presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of £. 187,000 raised by Annuities by Act 29° GeorgiiTertii Regis, for the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Accounts

presented.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Monies paid in Part of In* lerest on 187,000l. raised by Annuities.

54 Geo. III.

441

8°

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, arid Burgesses in Parliament assembled/

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer, for the Surplus of

Disposition of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of April 1794.: Consolidated

Fund.

The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of April 1794, amounts to the Sum of Two hundred Thirty-one thousand Eight hundred Forty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the 8th Day

of April 1794. John Marlow,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of One hundred

Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities by Act 29* Georgii Tertii Regis, for the Year ending Interest on the 5th Day of April 1794. Money raised

J r ___________________________ by Annuities.

The Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the above Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand Fifty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings ana Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the 8th Day of April 1794.

Voice* to Committee on Swansea Canal Bill.

Committee on permitting the Importation of Cambricks, &c. from the Austrian Netherlands.

Lottery Bill committed.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais,

in the County of Brecon, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, of Cambricks and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order, of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

Vol. 49,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, National a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Debt Bill' hunched Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Presented* Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commsssioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to enable House, according to Order; a Bill to enable Subjects of Subjects©! France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on ]^ranc* ^.en* the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, pr^n^ >re and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or a6 Engineers, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next

5 U The

Bill to amend Public Highway Act ordered.

King's Bench Debtors Petition.

Committee on Kings Message for better Management of Land Revenue.

reported.

Bill ordered.

East India Company's - Bill committed.

Motion for Bill for ap-» propria ting Part of Pensions, &c. during the Continuance of the War.

Neg.

442 S' — 9° A1794:

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in (< being for the'Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so. far as the same relates to the Labour thereby required from certain Persons therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Mr. Sahts-

bury, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Debtors in the King's Bench, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Friday last;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tire Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future.-

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas shend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, tire same.

A Bill to empower the East India Company to continue a Boild Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may require, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tire whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in " Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing " or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which " are now paid, out of the Revenues of the Civil List," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill, for the Purpose of appropriating a certain Part of the Emoluments arising from certain Pensions' and Sinecure Places, for the Service of the Public, during the Continuance of the War, at the Disposal of Parliament; and also, for the Purpose of appropriating a Part of 'the Emoluments arising from certain efficient Places, amounting to more than a specified Sum, to be applied to the same Purpose;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Michael j

Taylor, > 48.

Major Maitland: J

Tellers for the Noes, 7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Subjects of France Bill to enable to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Con- Subjects of tinent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to jj^Jsoyiers enable His Majesty, to grant Commissions to Subjects to be printed, of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions, be printed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Slate, Stone, the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His &c. Duties Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, B,u deferred, and Marble, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Marston Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- Bridge, taining a Navigable Canal ifrom the Coventry Canal^ and* at or near Men'ston Bridge, in the Parish of j^cknaM,"ke-

rn the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Canal Bill Parish of Ashby dc la Zottch, in the County of deferred,

and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, m another Line, to the Lime Works all Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House having continued to sit till after Twelve of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purpose of appropriating a certain Part of the Emoluments, arising from certain Pensions and Sinecure Places, for the Service of the Public, during the Continuance of the War, at the Disposal of Parliament; and also, for the Purpose of appropriating a Part of the Emoluments arising from certain efficient Places, amounting to more than a specified Sum, to be applied to the same Purpose;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

Mercurii, 9°;

Anno 34° Georgii IIIHI Regis, 1794.

Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Ur.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Halli, *

Mr.

East Camell fnclosure Bill reported.

Long Bennington and Foston Inclosure Bill passed.

Claife Inclosure Bill passed.

Chatteris and Ramsey Road Rill passed.

34 Geo. III.

44&

Mr. Hippisley Core reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commpnable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Camell, otherwise

Queen Camell, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum of £. 26. 3 s.3 who refused to sign

the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed at the Annual Value of £. 173. 6 s. 7 d.;and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the' Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had-directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within die Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorlte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Hcald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawlcshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Haivkshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Carters Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Vo L. 49-

Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Leeds and Li-prietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liver- verpool Canal pool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; to Navigation raise a further Sum of Money for completing the same; Bi pas8ed' and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in, the County Palatine of Lancaster; and another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable the Company of Proprietors to make Railways.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof; and to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch, therein described, from the intended new Line of the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Skelton In-Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and closure Bill Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in P8*3^-the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing that the Ring Fences of the Curate's Allotment shall be made by the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee,

Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do make the Newbury and Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Bath Canal making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at Bal rePorted-or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was committed.

Mr. Joshua Smith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Joseph Hickey, of Jermyn Street, Westminster, Esquire, referred to their Consideration, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throujghout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

One

Shouldham Inclosure Bill presented.

Additional Petition to Swansea Canal Bill reported.

Stafford Shire Hall Bill reported.

444

9° Aprilis.: A. 1794.

One of them was disagreed to, aind the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John WodehousC presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allbtting, exchanging, Thomham and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Inclosure Bill Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste P888^* Lands, within the Parish of Thomha in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands* Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands* within the Parish of Thomham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Chm* mittee, to whom the Petition of Henry Somerset, Duke of Beaufort, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the proposed Variation of the Swansea Canal is about Five Miles in Length, and does not go through any other Parishes than were mentioned in the Notices given for the Bill; and that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Land, through which the Variation extends, are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix\

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomds Sheasby, an Engineer, being examined, said, That since the depositing the Plan and Book of Reference with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon, for making the Canal from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, it hath been found, that by varying a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal in the Parishes of Lange-felach, Saint John, near Swansea, and Saint Mary, Swansea, it will prevent the Injury' which the Duke of Beaufort must otherwise sustain, and be equally beneficial to the Public, as if made in the Line laid down in the said Plan and Book of Reference; and that the Deviation will only pass through the Lands of the said Duke of Beaufort, and for a small Distance through die Lands of certain other Persons, who are consenting the reto: — And he added, That the Subscribers to the Undertaking, are willing that such Variation should be made.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for varying the Line of the said Canal at a Place called Ynis Trnve Cottage, in the Parish of Langefelach, through the Lands of the Duke of Beaufort and others, on a lower Level, to the Town of Sxoansea.

The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Tibthorpe

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill Fields, Pastures, Commons* and Wastes, within the rePortedi Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient indosed Lands in the same Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Considera-further Consideration the Report which was made from tion of Report the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- ®".jIarston tabling a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at Ashby de la or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, Zouch, and in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the TicknaR, &c. Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, J to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Newcastle the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two upon Tyne Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of the Buckton Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Ccao Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn,. in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

One;

34 Geo. III. 9° Apritis. ' 445

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon) were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Petition in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are HuH Docks t^ereunt0 subjoined, being principal Merchants, Traders, Bui. and Ship Owners, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen the Petition of certain Persons, denominating themselves the principal Merchants and Traders of the Town of Kingston upon taking Notice of the Bill for extending the Dock at that Port, and stating that tire Old Harbour is the properest Place for making the necessary Accommodation for the Trade and Shipping; and that the Petitioners have no Doubt but it will be proved, to the Satisfaction of the House, that the same Reasons, which the Promoters of the present Dock produced to the Treasury, in order to obtain a Grant of Ground and Money, continue to prevail, as well in Favour of further Dock Room being immediately provided, as against the Old Harbour being used for that Purpose, namely, the Insecurity to the Public Revenue, and the Danger and Inconvenience to the Trade and Shipping, from the confined and shallow State of that Harbour; and that, should the Plan recommended in the said Petition be adopted, not only the present confined and dangerous Entrance into the Port, by which Ships are continually receiving Damage, will be left unimproved, and His Majesty's Revenue again exposed to Risque and Fraud, but the Accumulation of Mud in the said Old Harbour, by which large Ships already frequently experience great Delay and Injury, increased, and thefeby the Passage to the present Sufferance Quays, and Dock, will be much, if not totally obstructed, whereas, should the Dock be extended as proposed by the said Bill, consistent with the Recommendation of the able Engineers employed by Government, and the Concurrence of the Board of Customs, a ready Entrance into the Dock, direct from the River Hum-_ her, with a most essential Advantage of a greater Depth of Water, will be provided, a convenient and safe Mode of discharging and loading Ships afforded, the Revenues of Customs and Excise effectually secured and promoted, and many Inconveniencies, under which the Trade and Public Revenue at present labour, will, be removed; and that the Petitioners have the firmest Reliance, that the Consideration of Objects- of such great Magnitude and Importance to the Nation, as is stated in the Petitions of many of the first Manufacturing and Maritime Places in the North of England, will have a much greater Weight with the House, than the Suggestion of so small a Number as Twenty-one Persons, Nineteen of whom are either possessed themselves of Shares in the Dock required to be extended, or intimately connected with such as are: And therefore praying, That the above-mentioned Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Petition from A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-Humlets^ unto annexed> being principal Merchants, Manufac-rrainst the turers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Di-Application vision of the Tower Hamlets, and the Parts adjoining, to license The was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Theatre That the Petitioners, having been informed that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license, as a Play House, during the Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known by the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London, beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Building, which it is the Object of those Petitions Vo l. 49.

to convert into a licensed Theatfe, is situated immediately between the great Silk Manufactories of Spital Fields and the numerous and extensive Quays* Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, Ship Yards, Rope Walks, and other most important Naval Establishments, on the Regularity) good Ordering, and Success* of which, the Prosperity, not of this Metropolis alone* but of the whole Kingdom, does most nearly depend: That Artizans of many Descriptions work there till the Hour of Eight in the Evening, and* on sudden Emergencies, to which, from the Nature of their Business* they are constantly subjected, to a later Hour, and that many of the Petitioners are also busied very late in their Compting Houses, Shops, and Warehouses, when they have Occasion for the Attendance of different Descriptions of-Persons engaged in their Employment^ and it would be a most serious Evil to them if their Journeymen, Servants, Apprentices, Workmen, and Labourers, were exposed to the Temptation (which a Theatre so near at Hand would necessa-; rily offer) of absenting themselves from their several Employments at a Moment when their Services might be most required, and of rendering themselves unfit for the Labour of the following Day, by the Excesses of the Evening: That Multitudes of People are employed below Bridge amongst the Shipping, whose Leisiire depends entirely upon the Tide, and for those Men to be loitering in a Play-house, at the Moment when they are wanted on the River, would be an Evil of the last Consequence, immense Property depending not only upon their Exertions but upon their Punctuality j and that still greater Numbers are employed in the Dock Yards, Rope Walks, and other Places, where Naval Manufactories are carried on, and that Idleness, and Dissipation, and a System of expensive Amusement, introduced amongst them, might prove fatal, in Moments of Public Exertion, to National Equipments, and must be so at all Times to the Interest of Commerce, the most important Venture of the Merchant being often exposed to Failure by a few Hours Delay in the Execution of his Order: And that the Petitioners, being firmly persuaded, as well from the Reason of the Thing, as from their own melancholy Experience, during the short Time the said Building was some Time since opened as a Place of Public Amusement, that these and other Evils would be the inevitable Consequence of its being now converted into a Theatre, and impressed with the most serious Concern and Alarm for the Mischiefs that they conceive must necessarily arise to the Public and themselves, therefore pray, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and that the said intended Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1793 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th -Day of April 1794, and the Parts

5 X remaining

Land Revenue Bill presented.

Committee of Supply.

Account of Disposition of Grants referred.

Committee of >Vays and Means.

Account of Consolidated Fund referred.

446 9° A A. 1794.

remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer,

for the Disposition of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of April 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to Teceive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Monies issued out of the Civil List Revenues, between the 14th February 1794 and 5th April following.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued out of the Civil List Revenues, between the 14th February 1794 and the 5th April following.

1794-2Sth February -

7 March - -

14....

21 -

28- - -

4 April -

W" Pollock, Esq. for Expences of a Commission appointing Lord Hood, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Major Gen1 O'Hara, to be Commissioners at Toulon D° for a Patent, erecting a Criminal Court of Jurisdiction in Newfoundland -D* for Fees, &c. on the above -

£ s. d.

139 7 6

in 11 6

21 15 6

£ sd.

272 14 6

W" Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Commissary Palmer, for Provisions sent to New South Wales -

D* for Expences of an Arrest of a Convict escaped from the Ship" Pitt, at the Cape of Good Hope - - - . - 35 15 4

D° for Bills drawn by Arthur Phillips, for the Settlement at New South Wales - - - 151 9 6

D° for the Passage of Mr. and Mrs. Marsden, and Mary Smith, to the above Settlement - - - 5610 —

L>* for the Furniture of the Chapel at D# - - - 81 —

D* for Fees, &c. on the above - - - - 21 5 6 J

3, H7 8 6

273

D° for a Certificate granted by Mr. Bulkeley, for transporting Blacks ' from Nova Scotia to Sierra Leone ... 453 1 10

D* for Demurrage of a Vessel chartered to carry Blacks from D° to D° - - - - . 33 15 — [

D° for Fees on the above - - - 33 8 6j

521 3 4

Mr. Wilmot, for the suffering Clergy and Laity of France Mr. Davison, for Cloathing, &c. sent to New South Wales Mr. Chinnery, for D" for Convicts on their Passage to D*

Mr. Cotton, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Wilson, for re-building the Pier, &c. in Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man -Ditto - - - - for said Service ——

9,528 7 6 452 15 8

214 2 gi

249 — 6

648 15 6

15,277 9 7 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, April 9th 1794.

George Rose.

Ordered,

Account of Money issued out of Civil List presented.

34 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

447

Bill for preventing Delay in Elections ordered.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the ‘House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Dent and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lords have agreed to

Glass additional Duties Bill.

Abingdon Paving, &c. Bill

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company's Upon the Bill to empower the East India Company to.

continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a: further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may require, be now read.

And the spid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ,An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Town; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,. respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for making further Provisions relative thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 49.

Quarley Inclosure Bill.

East Brent

Inclosure Bill.

Pot and Pearl Ashes Bill.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in w»llproceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday j^ga'/xrial!* Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report for Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- permitting ferred to consider of permitting the Importation into Can»I this' Kingdom of Cambricks and French Lawns from bricks, &c." the Austrian Netherlands, the Resolution which the from the Committee had directed him to report to the House; AustrianNe-which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered therlands* in at the Clerk's. TableY Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz'. \\

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Austrian Netherlands, of Cambricks ana French Lawns, be permitted upon Payment of the same Duties, and under the same Rules and Regulations, as Cambricks and French Lawns were permitted to be imported by an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick of Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, tih the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for "making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Wigleypresented to the House, according to Bill to amend

Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Ses- Act to provide sion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide i^o^Militia " for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve Men, prein the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes seated.

" serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amend- " ing, and reducing into One Act of Parliament,

" the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of " Great Britain called England And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for more to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, eff"^^re* upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made ^ugglfog, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- &c. deferred, jesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, tiU the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered,

448 9° — 10

Slate, Stone, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

B U deferred ^eP°rt frin the Committee of the whole House,

1 'to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Report of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, burghand^r to cons^er of the Report which was made from the JotmThrock- Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right ho-morton'a nourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, V iscount Petition. j Kinnaird, Baron Lrvingston of Flacraig, in the Kingdom of Scotland, and of Sir John Throckmorton, of Buckland, in the County of Berks, Baronet, as the next Friend and Trustee for, and on Behalf of, Thomas fard, of Chilimgton, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and of his Infant Children, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Cotes do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Hull Docks Ordered, That the Bill for extending the Dock and Bill put off Quay at the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, for 2 Months. rea(j a Second Time upon this Day. Two Months.

Adjourned The Order, made this Day, for resuming the ad-Considera- joumed Consideration of the Report which was made on"Mar8tonrt from die Committee, to whom the Bill for making Bridge, and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Ashby de la Canal at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bed-?.?u®h'*n5* worth, in the County of to a certain Close

Canal Bill C *n die Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of resumed. Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to,' and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain the Company of Proprietors from taking the Water of the Rivers Anker or. Mease, or the rough Brook.

A prills, A. 1794.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Aprilis;

Anno 34® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and Ea*tCamell inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, loclomue Bit) Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other pawed. Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippisley Coxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Mare too Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Bridge, Marston Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish Ticknall, &c. of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and Canal Bill for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to passed, the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Parkyns do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill King's Coo-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and sent to South Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is

concerned.

34 Geo. III. 10° Apnlis. 449

concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time;

South Kelsey Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title hrctosure Bill an Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

pMsed‘ Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsand Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln', and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Staffordshire An ingrossed Bill for building a new Shire Hall Ha!LPiU for the County of Stafford, was read the Third pa*8ed* Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 5. 1. 7. To leave out " a Majority," and

insert " the greater Number" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " consisting," and

insert " which shall consist" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Pow-«pon Tyne ers of two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirti-Sw^Roed11 Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 17^ the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the near the Town

of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cow-Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Bum, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bedford Poor An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, Bill passed, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Barford In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain closure Bill. Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford.

Vol. 49.

Ordered, That Mr. Brassey Halhed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Ellougfcton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill and Uninclosed Fields* Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Pre"Bted* Lands, and Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of ElloughtonBrough, and Waldby, in the Parish of Jtlloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Francis Annesley reported from the Committed, Reading and

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers pUn*fel?.,; of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his present Ma- n^ted/and jesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inn, in re-comnlit-Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and ted; several other Roads in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Francis Annesley reported from the Committed, Peachey's to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled Estate Bill An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of ' an James Peachey, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in "

Trustees, to sell or exchange the same; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gaily Knight reported from the Committee, to foundling whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watch- Hospital ing, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping ?tre^sc pni in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Pas- reported, sages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pan-eras, Saint George the Martyr, and George Blooms-

bury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon 5 Y the

450 10" ApriUs. A. 1794

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Forfar Roads Mr. David Scott reported from the Committee, to Bill reported, whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of " Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour " within the same," and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South near was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Dundee, in Behalf of the Community thereof, and of the several Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of Forfar and Perth, adjacent to the Turnpike Road in the former County, from Dundee towards Perth; and also, the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, in the Name of the Community of the said Burgh, and of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Thirty-second of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at, or near, the said Town of Montrose; and also, another Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, in Name of the Community of the said Burgh, and of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Thirty-second of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at, or near the said Town of Montrose; and also, the Petition of the several Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of Forfar and Perth, upon or connected with the Turnpike Road in the former County, leading Westward from Dundee towards Perth, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the first and last mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Second and Third mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments W'ere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Woolcomb- Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to rented*1 PrC" Order, a Bill for the Purpose of protecting Wool-8611 ‘ combers from being injured in their Manufacture by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday morning next.

Ordered, that the said jfjill be printed.

Rawreth and Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Chelmsford whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road Bill from a piace called Black Grove, in the Parish of Raw-reported. reth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of in

the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

n

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Skillington Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, Inclosure Bill and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish comm‘tted-of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Simon Yorke, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Comewall presented to the House, ac- Wellington cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, in- Inclosure Bill closing, and improving, the Commons, Common presented. Meadows, and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabi- Petition in tants of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of £jV0lir of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking B Canal Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Bill, the Rivet Kennet, at, or near, the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at, or near, the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term Committee and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repair- ^ovJlkDuding several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and ley Roads Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from Bill, the Town of Broomsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley, is committed.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Ayr Harbour mittee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and Bill reported, enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for " enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for " erecting Docks, Breasts, Jet tees,* and Piers, and " for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels,

" trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour,

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

451

34 Geo. 1IL

10° Apr ills.

Dunchurch An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and Southam and keeping in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to Road Bill Southam, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third p""1- Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord-Public High- jug to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the

Rented. Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being "for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public " Highways within that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Labour thereby required from certain Persons therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, 'that the said Bill be printed.

Bill for more Ordered, That Leave be given to bringin a Bill, for effectually re- the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the teinPaiteof Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by

Highways ordered.

Two Parishes: And that Mr. Bramston and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill to con- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Rkmdknd Ju- continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-dicature, &c. ment, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Acte. Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

National A Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Debt Bill hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to committed, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 49.

Committee on Bill for taking special Bail in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Resolved, That die Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Seventy-five Grants-thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1793.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ReP°Jj Way® Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mean*' ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Consolidated Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two ^u"^on 5th hundred Thirty-one thousand Eight hundred and Forty- pr one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1794, of the Surplus' of The Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and to bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which upon the 6th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Or- Bill for pre-der, a Bill for the further prevention of Delay in the yentingDelay Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Petition from Board of Agriculture, was presented to the House, the Board of and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have Agriculture prepared a Petition to the House, for the Purpose of pr^entaP^ obtaining a Continuance of that Public Support, tition for fur-which they have already received, for carrying into ther Support. Execution the important Objects intended by the Establishment, but, the Time for receiving Private Petitions being expired, the same cannot be presented, without Leave being granted for that Purpose; and, from the Difficulties attending a new Institution, an Account

Leave given.

Petition from the Board of Agriculture.

Money grant- ed to Board of Agriculture ordered.

Committee on Lottery Bill.

Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men committed.

East India Company's Bill reported*

452 10° Aprilia. A. 1794.

Account of the Manner in which their former Grant was expended, could not sooner be made up: And, as the Petitioners could not present the said Petition within the limited Time for receiving Private Petitions, therefore praying, That Leave may now be given to present their Petition to the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provisions thereupon as io the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present aPetition as desired by the said President and Members of the Board of Agriculture.

Then a Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in Consequence of an Address from this House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have much Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution are likely to be carried into hill Effect: And therefore praying That they may be supported, by a similar Grant, for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the Sum of Money granted to the Board of Agriculture in the last Session of Parliament.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to " serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend " an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, " the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may require, was committed, the Amendments which the . Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to feport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobarl presented to the House, according to Bill for giant-Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of ed in^iT* the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Majesty by Descendants of such attainted Persons: And the same Attainders, was received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts re-Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed therein, ordered, which have been fitted out from Great Britain for the White Herring Fishery, for Nine Years preceding the 5th of January 1794, with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed therein, that were fitted out from Great Britain for the White Herring Fishery, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, together with the Quantity of Herrings caught by the said Vessels, and Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tdnnage, which have received the Tonnage Bounty granted by the Twenty-seventh of His Majesty to such Vessels as have taken, within the Space of One Year, the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton of the Vessels Burthen, with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken in the four Years preceding the 5th of January 1794, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel, together with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Herrings exported from Great Britain within the last Ten Years, with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon; distinguishing in each Year the Red Herrings from the White, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for a That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of Committee to the whole House, to take into Consideration the Causes rt

which led to the Failure of the Army commanded by Dunkirk and . His Royal Highness the Duke of York at Dunkirk, the Evacua-and the Causes which led to the Evacuation of the Port of TonUm, and Town of Toulon, by the Army and Fleet, under the Ne?* Command of Major General Dundas, and Vice Admiral Lord Hood.

The

Bill for more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, &c. deferred.

Slate, Stone, &c. Duties Bill, deferred.

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Bill passed.

Reading and Puntfield Roads recommitted Bill reported.

Crawley and Bishops Sutton Inclosure Bill committed.

34 Geo. III.

10°- 1° Aprilis.

453

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till after One of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for this more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation. - .

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on*Slate, Stone, and Marble, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Major Maitland, Mr. Whitbread, Ju nior:

Mr. Jenkinson,

Mr. Sargent:

A

J

35-

168.

Veneris, 11° die Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794. Praters.

Parish of Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Debtors in Stafford Prison: And Stafford; and

also, Kltore1

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in His petitioM

Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lincoln;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Order for upon the 21st Day of March last, "That Leave be Binlithgw " given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of " an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of discharged,

" His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to con- and another " tinue the Term, and alter the Powers of so much Bill ordered. " of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirtyfirst Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for " repairing several Roads in the Counties of " gow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying " within the County of Stirling, and for repairing the " Road from Loanhead to Saint Ninians in the said " County of Stirling," and for repairing several other " Roads in the said County of Stirling," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling: And that Sir Thomas and Sir Archibald Edmonstone do prepare, and bring in, the same.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, ac- Stirling Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads cording to Order, a Bill for making and repairing Roads Bill, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was several Roads leading across the County of Stirling: pniea{*i' read the Third Time. And the same was received; and read the First

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Time, be, An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of

Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth. Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, ac- Cast Plate

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonstone do. carry cording to Order, a Bill to dissolve the Corporation Glass Manu-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- established by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year rence. of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act pr®*n

" to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and Mr. Francis Annesley reported from the Committee, " their Successors, with proper Powers for the Pur-to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers " pose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Ma- " within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the jesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inn, in " more effectually supporting and conducting the Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and " same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner several other Roads in the said County, was re-com- " calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass," and mitted; That the Committee had made several other to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons to report to the House; and he read the Report in therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the established under the said Act, and for other Purposes Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a therein mentioned: And the same was received; and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question read the First Time.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hogse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom Old Makoa ingrossed. the Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and im- Inckwire

proving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, Bill reported. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Papsh of Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and was committed; and to whom the Petition of George Vol. 4«9. 5 Z Watson,

Bill to amend the , River Trent Navigation Act reported.

Sutton in Ashfield 1 nclosure Bill presented.

Stanwix and Scotch Dyke. &c. Road Bill, presented.

454

11° Affilis.

A. 1794.

Watson, of Old MaUan, in the County of York, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named (except the Proprietors of Ten Houses, who did not sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Three Houses, who could not be met with; and also, except the Owner of One House, who refused to consent; and that the whole Number of Houses interested in the Inclosure amounts to 380, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Benton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Hall assembled; and also, the Petition of Elizabeth brigge, of Woodborow, in the County of Nottingham, Spinster, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lqtpther presented to the House, according to

> Order, a Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, and keeping in . Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtoum, to the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, and also the Road leading from Longlmn aforesaid to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scho- Petition from lars, of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the Univer-the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to ®l*y of Cam‘ aipend and enlarge the Powers of *n Act, passed in cL^ridpT* the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His pre- Paving, &c. sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Bill.

" paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of " bridge', for removing and preventing Obstructions " and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets,

" Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town and Setting forth, That there are Clauses in the said Bill which appear to the Petitioners objectionable, and lively to be prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners, if the said Bill be suffered to pass into a Law without Alteration: And therefore praying, That

they may be permitted to be heard before the House, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such objectionable Clauses, and that such Amendments and Additions may be made to the said Bill, at the Suggestion of the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their "Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn, mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill added to to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act the bnn| 1.n.®eaj Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year stoken- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, church Road and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign Bill, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

Mr. Jekyll presented to the House, according to Beaconsfield Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and to reduce and Stoken-into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed church Road in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty sentedl^ King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Aldermaston Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Roads Bill Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- comnutted. ing several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at, or near, Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-reth, Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake, Junior, be added to the Member

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Tushingham . the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- cumGrindley scribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in Inclosure the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grind- ley,

Tushingham cumGrindley Inclosure Bill presented.

Torquay Harbour, &c. Bill reported.

Member added to bring inTibbington Church Bill.

Tibbington Church Bill presented.

Barely and South Crox-ton luclosure Bill presented.

Bill for regulating Watermen, &c c. on the Thames committed.

34 Geo. III. 11° A prills. 55

ley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County Palatine And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the of Chester. Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Drake, Junior, presented to the House, accord- Mr. Heathcote presented to the House, according to Belton Inching to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, Order, a Bill for dividing inclosing, and improving and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grind- and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within ley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester: the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First' Rutland: And the same was received; and read the Time. First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found \hp same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto.

Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that the Rnlers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, and the several Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, who petitioned this House upon the 10th Day of March last, praying to be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the Bill for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, the Lord Mayor of i, &c.:

Vol. 49. '

Ordered, That Mr. Cawthorne be added to the Gen- Member tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of ^osure^illT"

King, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Hamlet of Martin, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Cawthorne presented to the House, according Martin Into Order, a Bill for allotting and inclosing the Fields, riosure Bill Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Mar- ^>re6en tin, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of House re-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning "lve8t^>«d"

day.

next.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Newbury and the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the ^assed' City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for protecting the Lands of Lady Jones and Mrs. Popham.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for settling Damages not provided for by the Bill.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 27. To leave out sert " Jones'

Pr. 6. 1. 7. To leave out ‘ " Hen" i

Pr. 16. 1. 27. To leave out ‘ insert " in thereof.

Pr. 133. 1. 8. After " Act"

" at their First General Meeting which shall be held in the " Month of June in every subsequent Year; and also, at " their First General Meeting " after any Vacancy shall happen by Death or otherwise; " in the Office of Treasurer to " the said Company of Proprietors."

Pr. 176. 1. 33. After " Proprietors" to insert " or " if any Person shall do any " other Act, with Intent to " evade the Payment of any of " the said Tolls, Rates, or Du-

ties/

And

456

11° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Rennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aberdeen Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for taking

Into further Consideration the Report which w as made 1 e e ' from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order beingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

"The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Leans or Exchequer Bills.

Diseworth

Inclosure Bill.

Crawcrook

Inclosure Bill.

St. Martin's Stamford Baron, Oundle, Ac. Hoads Bill.

Tintinhull

Inclosure Bill.

Longborough Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

St Alkmond Church Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords

Brereton's Name Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth, in the County of Leicester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields, within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of in the County

Palatine of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron, to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of Northampton', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arable Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull, in the County of Somerset-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Longborough, in the County of Gloucester; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and

County of Salop-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Brereton, Esquire, and Mary his Wife,

and her first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only One, and the Issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Westfaling, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfaling, Esquire, deceased; to which-the lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, '

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Webster'* enable Mary Webster, Widow, and others, to grant ^State building and repairing Leases of the Estates devised to them by Edward Webster, Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey', to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom Common the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Camera Pe-thereunto subscribed, being Common Carriers, in that Part of Great Britain called England, using Waggons of the several Descriptions thereafter stated, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Common Carriers, using Waggons of the like Descriptions, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Jobling, of Cripplegate, Carrier, being examined, said, That the Expence of conducting the Business of a Common Carrier has increased within the last Twenty Years upwards of One Third, occasioned by the advanced Price of Horses, Oats, Beans, Hay,

Straw, and all other Matters necessary for the carrying on the Business, and the advance in Servants Wages, Blacksmiths and Wheelwrights Charges, and the additional Number of Turnpikes and Weighing Engines: That the Price of, and Allowance for carrying Goods has continued nearly the same for the last Eighteen or Twenty Years: That during the Months of March and April, there are greater Quantities of Goods required to be brought by Land Carriage from different Parts of the Country to London, for Exportation and other Purposes,' and also greater Quantities of Goods sent by Land Carriage from London, than in any other Two Months in the Year: That in those Months the Farmers Teams cannot be spared from Husbandry, and therefore the Goods cannot be conveyed but by Means of Common Carriers, and great Delay often arises from the great Quantities of Goods required to be carried in those Months: That the Common Carriers would be better enabled to comply with the Demands for carrying Goods, and the Public would be very much accommodated, if they were allowed to carry in their Waggons an additional Weight of Ten hundred during the Whole Year, and to carry during the Months of March and April in each Year, such Weights as they are now authorized to carry during that Part of the Year which is deemed Summer, by the Act of Parliament for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England.

Mr. William Holbrook, of Lawrence Lane, Carrier, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for altering Two several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far a* the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Tolls in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried: And that

Mr.

Newspapers stamping Bill ordered.

Billtoexempt Prize Ships from Payment of Duty ordered.

Consolidated Fund Bill presented.

34:Geo. III.

Mr. Bastard and Mr. Edmund Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

457

An Account of the Expenditure of the Sum of Money granted to the Board of Agriculture in the last Session of Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

11° Apr.

An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the Sum of Money granted to the Board of Agriculture, in the

last Session of Parliament.

By Fees for the Letters Patent constituting the Board of Agriculture

By Exchequer Fees on Receipt of the Grant of Money -

By Incidental Charges ——

By Official Furniture ——

By Payment, in Part, of Stationary ——

By Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Board, for Half a Year, at the Rate of,

For the Secretary -

Under Secretary First Clerk -

Second Clerk -

£. 830 per Ann.

By Payments, in Part, of Surveys of Counties ——

By Payments, in Part, for printing the Surveys, and other Papers, circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same -

400 per Ann.

200

150

80 V

I. s. d. 712 1 —

140 2 2

56 3 41 18' — 17 1 2

415 ----- 1

866 12 10 751 — n

3,

000 ——

Board of Agriculture, 10th April 1794.

Signed, by Order of the Board,

John President.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobar, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles , and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 49.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt Ships of War, and ptivate Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide " for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve " in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the " Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England ,"be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be reused by a Lottery, was committed, the Amend-

6 ipents

Account of Expenditure of Money granted to the Board of Agriculture presented.

Bill to exempt Prize Ships from Payment of Duty presented.

Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men deferred.

Lottery Bill reported.

Bin to continue Newfoundland Judicature &c. Acts reported

Bill for taking Special Bail in the County Palatine of Lancaster reported.

Bill for granting to Foreign Ships the Privileges of Prize Ships, &c. deferred.

Bill to enable

Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers committed.

458 11° Aprilk. A. 1794.

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland', and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth. Years of F^is present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Co. ionics in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the BUI, and which they had directed him to report to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of " the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said " Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in " Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the aid Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects

of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers 0* Yea} »*

Tellers for the Noesj JJ|; S&a . } 21.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning'next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for pie. for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in ^rvin? p the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Land Second Reading of the Bill for the better Manage- Revenue Bill ment of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, comnuttoL be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac- Bilj for cording to Order, a Bill for more effectually preserving preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's French Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons re- Pr0^‘^_ sident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual presen Owners thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^ommjttee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made more effectual in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Prevention o< jesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several 12 Amendments

34 Geo. III. 11° A. 459

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Report Ex- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were piling Laws, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Law's relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of " certain Offenders;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, were continued until the 1st Day of June 1793, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons " and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of " Prisoners in certain Cases," as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in force until the tst Day of June 1787, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Newspapers Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to stamping Hill Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His presented. Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

deterred. to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means defer- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ** to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 49.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve, itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, National upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Debt 1 ' Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Slate, Stone, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, &c- Duties to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain B,^deferre<1-Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented Y°*ve^J-n" to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing panted! and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds,

Heath, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Act for better to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Day deferred, of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly " called Sunday;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Poor Remo-Reading of the Bill for preventing the Removal of Poor vaj BlJ1 com‘ Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement, until they mitt ' are actually chargeable, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coriimitted to Mr. Hyde East, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Webster's to enable Mary Webster, Widow, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the Estates devised to rea ‘ them by Edward Webster, Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Brereton's Act to enable Thomas Brereton, Esquire, and Mary his Nae Wife, and her first and other Sons, and their issue **

Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only One,

and

460 11" — 14° Aprilis. A. 1794

and the Issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of pursuant to the

Will of Herbert Westfaling Esquire, deceased, was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Papers, &c. Ordered, That the Paper, or Instrument, containing

HuH Docks t^ie Obligation, or Engagement of the Original Sub-to be re-de- scribers before the Dock Bill, for the Act of the Four-livered. teenth of the King, was brought into Parliament, whereby they obliged themselves to pay the Amount of their respective Subscriptions when called upon, with other Conditions respecting the said Dock and Quay; and also, the Books into which have been entered the Proceedings of The Dock Company themselves, since the Dock and Quay at Hull has been made (marked respectively B, C, D, E); and also, the Deed of Covenant, dated 13th October 1780, between the Mayor and Burgesses of Hull and The Dock Company, for the Exchange of a certain Part of the Premisses granted to The Dock Company, by the King, for certain other Premisses belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, amongst which is so much of the Fore Shore, lying between the Land granted by His Majesty and the River Humber, as was thereafter staked out for the purpose of making a commodious Cut or Passage for Ships and Vessels, from the River Humber into the Dock Bason, or other Works made, or to be made, by virtue of the Act for establishing Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull (which were presented to the House upon the 25^ Day of March last) be re-delivered.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendment the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-to A!*1" v tuled, An Act for taking down and re-building the Pa- Bm agreed Church of Saint in the Town of

to. bury, and County of Salop.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. L 11. After " thereof" insert " and also " a sufficient Space within the said Church for the Accommodation of the Poor, the same " to be approved of by the Bishop " of the Diocese for the Time " being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 14° die Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii III,a Regis, 1794. Prayers.

Trial of Mr. rI 'HIE Managers appointed to make good the Hastings. X Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Houghton In- Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, closure Bill to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open reported. and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 47 Acres of Land and 8 Pastures, who could not be found; and also, except the Owner of 3 Acres and 2 Pastures, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land, intended to be inclosed, consists of 844 Acres and 146 Pastures; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pan-eras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital,' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Hospital.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Long-borough, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 28. After " respectively," insert Provided always, That no such " Exchange shall be made by the " said Vicar or his Successors, " without the Consent of the " Right Reverend the Lord " Bishop of Gloucester for die " Time being, signified under " his Hand and Seal."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships,

Ordered

Foundling Hospital Streets Paving, &c- Bill passed.

Lords

Amendment to Longbo-rough inclosure Bill agreed to.

Members added to Committee on Standing Orders.

Torquay Harbour, &c. Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a further SumbyLoans or Exchequer Bills.

Expiring Laws Bill.

Bill for stamping Bills of Exchange and Notes.

Scotch Distillery Bill.

Hoyland Inclosure Bill.

Chester In-clesure Bill.

Wendover Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

34 Geo. III. 14° Aprilis.

461

Ordered, That the Lord Ca Mr. Buxton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Dent, Mr. Gaily Knight, and Sir William 'Dolben, be added to the Committee who are appointed to revise the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for making Canals, Aqueducts, and improving the Navigation of Rivers.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 18. To leave out " Mile" and insert " hundred Yards" instead thereof.

1. 21. After " Harbour" to insert " or " within the Distance of One " Mile therefrom."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland, and for appropriating the said Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, 'allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Dem, in the West Riding of the County of York] without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Chester, in the County Palatine of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Vol. 49.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold have Messuages and Premisses situate in the Parish of Saint Arnold's Ann, Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold, Estate Bill. Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to' be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premisses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us 'to acquaint this The Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Has tinged" Hall. Trial.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Sheriff's Devon; Bod-Ward or Prison, Devonshire: And also, m>n; and

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's DdhtoraPe-Prison at Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall: And titkms. also,

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in the Common Gaol or Prison in and for the City and County of Norwich;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to common Order, a Bill for altering Two several Acts, passed in Carriers Bill the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present presented. Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Tolls in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 29th of this Instant April.

Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon presented to the House, Sutton according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cheney In-Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, p Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Thornton Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in and Bagworth the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, Inclosure Bill in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, comnu was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Wjgbech Na_ Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place vigation Bill called The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the passed.

Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in die Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from

6 B Outwell

Walkingtxm Inclosure Bill reported.

Elloughton Inclosure Bill -committed.

Borrowstoun-ness Twopenny Scots Bill passed.

462

14° Aprilis. A. IT94.

Outwell Church to Setter's Load Shake, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the Use of Tunnels in the Banks, unless the Water is of a certain Height

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Old Slake, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cdmbridge, to join the River None, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Dttncorhbereported from the Committee,

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wasite Grounds, within the Township of WaU kington, in the East Riding of the County of York, Was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of die House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that die Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the satne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the' Satisfaction of the Cofcimittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, and Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waldby, in the Parish of EUoiighton, in die East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Dun* combe, Mr. WilbCrforce, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Penhies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of B and Liberties thereof, in the County of Lintitkgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following wis proposed to be made id the Bill; vis.

Pf. ag. I.14. To leave out (t WdHam CaddeH,

" of Jbhn Cadddl, of

" Cooketizte."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

4

put thereupon, agreed to by the Bouse; and the Bill was amended at die Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that die Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in' the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hope do cany the Bib to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard repented from the Committee, to whom Roundway, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Com- eui reported? monabie Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, mid Bishops Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing* Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Three Acres of Laud, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 2,798 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he refid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where die Amendments Were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Reading and of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Ma- Puntfie Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inn, nj| in Reading, and JPuntfield, in the County of Berks, and

several other Roads in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tfye Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between The Bear Inti, in Raiding, and Punt/ield, in the County of Berks, and several other

Roads in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Ames carry the Bill

to the Loras, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Petition to whom the Petition of David Steel, of the Perish of RCenf^ T}i? Saint George, Hanover Square, was referred; That the atrere^rted. Committee had examinee! die Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the satne, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Repent in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the stone was read; and is as followed!;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Licences from His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace

34 Geo. III. 14 Aprilis. 463

Peace were produced to your Cofamittee, by which it appeared that Permission had been granted to the Petitioner to open and use a House called The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellm, otherwise Whitechapel, for Public Dancing, Music, and other Public Entertainments of the like Kind; and an Assignment of the said Theatre from William Morland ana Thomas Hamnnersky, Esquires, to Mr. David Steel, was produced and read.

Mr. Darnel Williams being examined, said. That Mr. Steel opened the said Theatre for Public Entertainment, with such Amusements as were authorized by the said Licences, on the 5th of April 1790, but finding that he thereby incurred very considerable Losses, he caused the same to be closed on the 15th of May following. — That he was appointed to receive Subscriptions, which he did, to the Amount of £. 7,200; and Shares of £. 50 each were shotted to the Subscribers, who are thereby entitled to free Admission, and a certain Annuity for Twenty-one Years. That if the said Theatre was opened mr Four Months in the Summer Season, for the Performance of Theatrical Amusements, the Interests of the Renters would be substantiated, and the Lqsses of the Petitioner in a great Degree repaired; and the Witness apprehended it would be for the Public Benefit if a Place of rational Entertainment was established in the Eastern Extremity of the Metropolis.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His, Majesty to license as a Playhouse, during the Summer Season, the Theatre, commonly known by the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in Well , in the Liberty of the Tower of London;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto annexed, being principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, ana other Inhabitants, of the Division of the Tower Hamlets, and the Parts adjoining, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again fead.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license as a Playhouse, during the Summer Season, the Theatre, commonly known by the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London;

It passed in the Negative.

Tyburn and An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and en-Uxbridge,&c. large the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for R«Bed BlU repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge,

p ' in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road

leading from Brent Bridge, over Hartw through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Woolcombere Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-Biii deferred, cond Reading of the Rill for the Purpose of protecting VoL. 49.

WooLcombers from being injured in their Manufacture by foe Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 29th Day of this In stant April.

A Petition of John Johnson, William Hodges, and Petition from Robert Graham, being Persons duly licensed for the pealers in dealing in Tickets and Shares of Tickets, according ^clMits to the several Acts of Parliament made for that Pur- against the pose, for, and on the Behalf of themselves and all other Lottery Bill, licensed Dealers under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have regularly taken out Licences under the Sanction of the Legislature for dealing in Tickets and Shares, in foil Confidence that the usual Regulations and Protection afforded to them under the several Lottery Acts would be continued to them, and, m consequence of having taken out such Licence, the Petitioners are obliged to share Fifty Tickets each; and that the Petitioners conceive the Alterations contained in the Lottery Bill now before the House (of which they are but just apprised) to be of such a Nature, that it will not only injure and oppress the Petitioners, but will be such an Extension of Power in the Hands of Justices of the Peace, and their Followers and Dependants, as may deeply affect the Liberty and Property of every British Subject; ansi that the Petitioners more immediately allude to that Clause in the Bill which takes away the Provision of a former Act, namely, that the Persons, authorized by Justices of the Peace to hreak open Houses in search of Offenders against the Act, should be such as are employed by toe Commissioners of the Stamps, and leaves it in the Power of a Justice of the Peace to authorize any Person or Persons to act at his Discretion, and, to the following Part of the said Clause, which has not hitherto constituted a Part of any Act, for granting to His Majesty any Sum or Sums of Money, to be raised by Lottery, " and all Persons, although " not discovered in such House or Place, as aforesaid, who shall employ, or cause to be employed,

" any Person or Persons, iu carrying on any of the " Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any " such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues " and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in like " Manner, as is directed by the said Act of the " Twenty-seventh Year aforesaid and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that the first-mentioped Part of the said Clause subjects the Petitioners, as well as every other Citizen, to have their Dwelling? violated in the Dead of Night, their Desks and Drawers forced, and their Papers examined, upon the Oath of any common Informer, without the Sanction or Intervention of the Commissioners or any other Person, as before provided, and the latter Part of the said Clause, which respects the apprehending and Conviction of all Persons, although not discovered in the House, notwithstanding it is unaccompanied by any Preamble or prefatory Words declaring the Policy of the Enaction, contains, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, Matter so novel, indefinite, and extensive, as to fill the (Minds of the Petitioners with Alarm, and appears to them to be trusting with Justices of the Peace a Power of concluding and punishing from Inference and Implication* which the Petitioners believe has hitherto resided solely, or can, consistent with the Spirit of toe Constitution, reside with a British Jury, aided by the Judges of the Land: And therefore praying the House, in case toe said Bill should be re-committed, to permit the Petitioners to be heard, by Cqpnsel, against the said Clause of the same Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

464

14° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

Bill toamend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Public High- Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the way Act Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in-comhmte . ^n Act to explain, amend, and reduce into

" One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for " the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Labour thereby required from certain Persons therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Powys, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's1 Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Company's Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower the Bill passed, India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, to be limited, as Circumstances may require, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

on Bill to en- to resolve itself into' a Committee of the whole House,

able Subjects Upon the Ryj to enable Subjects of France to enlist as ©1 r ranee to *

enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of

Soldiers. Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable

His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

/Mr. Ryder, i

Tellers for the Yeas, (Mr. Sargent: *

(Major Maitland, j

MJuriorfre'"?' )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued out of the Civil List Revenues^between the 14th February 1794 and 5th April following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and

28.

Committee of Supply.

Account of issues out of Civil List; and Petition from Board of Agriculture; referred.

Members of the 6oard of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to . receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Consolidated Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, a cer- cou^itJ^ tain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed- to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second for Pre* Reading of the Bill for more effectually preserving prmch Pro-Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Sub- objects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident mitted. in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for more Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for effectual P* repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh smuggling, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs &c. reported, that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland till the Importation of Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according *to Order, reported from the National Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Debt Bill granting to His. Majesty the Sum of Two hundred rePorted-thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account, of the Commissjpners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed,

the

34 Geo. III. 14° — 15° Aprilis. 465

the Amendments which the Committee had made to ' the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill to con- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to LawV^ec- ^r(^er> a Bill to continue so much of several Laws, re-ting^the**60 specting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Of-Transporta- fenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to tem-tion of Of- porary Places of Confinement: And the same was sented* pi*" received > and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to

ed for Third His Majesty, a certain Sum of Money to be raised

Reading of by a Lottery, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Lottery Bill, vv J

J Morning.

Order for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to going into resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways'and6cons*^er further of Ways and Means for raising the Means dis- Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read, charged. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Bill to ex- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

empt Prize Reading of the Bill to exempt Ships of War, and Private

Ships from Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of^Duty1 of Duty, be now read.

committed. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Newspapers stamping Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of die Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

A Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Norfolk I*- An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to establish land Judica- a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island, was tU«L3U1 read the Third Time.

pa* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature &c. Acts passed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Vol. 49.

Martis, 15° Aprilis;

Anno 34® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1794. Praters.

A BILL for regulating the Manner of stocking and using die Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Annesley, Mr. Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

6 C A Bill

Further Hearing of Counsel on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drain* age Bill deferred.

Bill for preventing Delay in Elections committed.

Slate, Stone, &c. Duties Bill deferred.

Bill for stocking Marsh Common committed.

466

15° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

Abergmnoj A Biff for better paving, cleansing, lighting, wMchrng, Paving, &c. and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny,

toitted *" ^ounty^Monmouthand for providing a proper Market Place, and removing the present Market House, and for repairing and altering the Water Works belonging to the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sa-lusbury, Mr. Heathcote, .: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Old Mai ton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and

Inclosure Bill improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, P*8*1, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old MalUm, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. iq. 1. 17. At the End of the Line to insert " Ings."

Pr. 22; 1. 30. To leave out " Lands and Grounds" and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 26. 1. 19. To leave out " or any of them."

Pr. 33. 1. 1. To leave out " the said Award" and insert " Writing under their Hands" instead thereof.

L ult To leave out. " as shall by the " said Award be directed to be " fenced."

Pr. 50. 1. 32. To leave out " exchanged" and insert " taken in Exchange" instead thereof.

1. 38. After " Limitation" to insert " Leases."

Pr. 58. 1. 22. To leave out " Copies" and insert " Parts" instead thereof.

Pr. 59. 1. 28. To leave out " Copies" and insert

" Parts" instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " Copies" and insert " Parts" instead thereof.

Pr. 61. 1. 4. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 5.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Akely cam Stockholt

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Inclosure Bill Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of commi Akely cum Stockholt, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Ttichfield, Mr. Cotes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Foxley Cha- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to n*yB*u"|' whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, " called Forley Charity, in the County of Northampton, " founded by Lady Katherine Leveson, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

8

that die Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of die Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Western's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate Bill An Act for vesting the setded Estate of Thomas Wal- "

singham Western, Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill m at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brereton's to enable Thomas Brereton, Esquire, and Mary his Name Bill Wife, and her first and other Sons, and their Issue comnutted' Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only One, and the Issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Westfaling, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfaling, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Webster'* to enable Mary Webster, Widow, and others, to grant Estate Bill Building and Repairing Leases of the Estate devised to commit them by Edward Webster, Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dent, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open Belton and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Inclosure Bill Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or conumtted* Lordship of Belton, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Minchin, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and en- Ayr Harbour large the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Bl11 Passed-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for " enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for " erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for " regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading " into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

to

34 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis. 467

be, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and " maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging " and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting " Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading " into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Dundas to report Clack-man an and Perthshire Road Petition.

Bill to confirm the Inclosure of Sodbury Common Fields committed*

Wolvey Inclosure Bill committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drndas do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of the County of manan, and of that Part of Perthshire through which the Road thereafter mentioned passes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open or Common Fields, and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Estcourt, Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Estcourt, Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Baresby and A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the South Crox- Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the BUlconmht- bounty of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pasted. tures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land,

and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Perm Assheton Curzon, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tushingham cumGrindley Inclosure Bill committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Drake, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, of the the River Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for im-T tion Act1* Prov*n8 the Navigation of the River Trent, and for c making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent a further Reduction of Tolls on Coals and Coke, in certain Cases.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 49.

be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to dissolve the Corporation established by Cast Plate an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Glass Manu- Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Succes- »

" sors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of estar " Wishing One or more Glass Manufactories within " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same,

" upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass," and to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory established under the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of George Kemp and Matthew Kemp, of Petition from the City of London, Glass Manufacturers, was presented Mess. Kemp to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said ®£*n8t D* Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners being 1 possessed of a certain valuable Secret, which after much Expence, and many Years Labour and Attention, they had brought to Perfection, for the making and constructing of Mills with necessary Tools and Apparatus for the grinding and polishing of Plate Glass, did, in the Month of May 1790, enter into certain Articles of Agreement with the Governor and Company of the British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, whereby the said Governor and Company did agree to find and provide for the Petitioners all such Materials and other necessary Things, as should be needful or necessary for erecting and building a Mill or Mills according to their new Invention, which said Mill or Mills was or were to be worked during the Life or Lives of the Petitioners under their Care and Management, if the Manufactory of the said Governor and Company at Ravenshead, or elsewhere, should so long continue, and upon the Terms and Conditions, as to Division of Profits arising from the Concern, particularly specified and settled in the said Agreement; and that, in Compliance with the Terms of the said Agreement, and in full Confidence that the Period of Continuance thereby provided for must hold good, if the said Company should in any Way, or under any Firm, so long continue their Manufactory at Ravenshead, or elsewhere, the Petitioners did accordingly erect and finish certain extensive Mills, with the necessary Tools and Apparatus which have ever since, been worked, and whereby great Profit and Advantage have accrued to the said Company and the Petitioners, and the said Company are now, by the Means aforesaid, folly and entirely possessed of the said Secret and Discovery heretofore known to the Petitioners only, and which they had the Power of turning to their own exclusive Advantage at the Time they entered into the said Agreement with the said Company; and that, if the saad Bill should pass into a Law, without Provision being made therein for subjecting the New Company thereby proposed to be constituted to the Terms, Conditions and Covenants,

so

Stirling Roads Bill committed.

Mr. Minyen Petition against D# Bill

Clackmanan and Perthshire Road Petition reported.

468 15° Aprilis. A. 1794.

so entered into between the Petitioners and the present Company, such New Company will immediately become possessed of the said Secret and Invention of the Petitioners, and also of the exclusive Use and Enjoyment of the Mills and Apparatus erected and provided as aforesaid, and which were to be worked for the joint Advantage of the present Company, and the Petitioners, according to the above-mentioned Agreement, whereby the Petitioners must be grievously injured in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents; before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be, heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Minyer, of Gray's Inn, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of tire said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, and believes, that the said Bill contains several Clauses which may materially affect the Interests of an Iron Manufactory carried on at Carron, in the County of Stirling, known by the Name of The Carron Company, of which the Petitioner is a Partner, particularly, that there is a Clause in the said Bill which relates to building a Bridge over the River Carron, which would impede the Navigation of the said River, Clauses which relate to the erecting Turnpike Gates and Side Bars, and Clauses empowering the Trustees, to be named in the said Bill, to enter into Agreements with The Carron Company for the Use of the said Roads, all which Clauses may materially injure the Petitioner as a Partner of the said Company, Against which, and all other Parts of the said Bill that may tend to the Injury and Prejudice of the said Company, and the Petitioner as a Partner thereof, he prays, That he may be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Thomas Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of the County of nan, and of that Part of Perthshire through which the Road thereafter mentioned passes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Jamieson, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Great Road leading from the Long Causeway of Stirling, Eastwards, through the County of Clackmanan, and Part of the County of Perth, through the Parishes of Logie, Aloa, and Clackmanan, where the same joins Perthshire, at the Lands of Tulliallan, near Kilbagie, and from thence Eastward, through the Parishes of Tulliallan and Culross, by the Towns of Kincardine and Culross, in the County of Perth, where the same joins Fifeshire, at or near New Mill Bridge, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts dangerous to Travellers, and that the repairing, widening, altering, and turning of the same, will be of great Advantage to the Public; but that the ordinary Means already provided by Law for repairing Roads in that Part of the United Kingdom, have hitherto proved ineffectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth: And that Sir Thomas Dundas and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-reth, Sir John Ingilby, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Viscount Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of Windsor and Thomas Stoner, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 51. 1. 13. After " Consent" insert "of the " Bishop of Lincoln,t for the Time " being, signified under his Hand " and Seal, and with the Consent."

The

Stanwix and Scotch Dyke, &c. Road Bill committed.

Dean and Canons of Windsor and Mr. Stoners Exchange Bill reported, and passed.

Lords Amendment to Wendover Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Beaconsfield and Stoken-church Road Bill committed.

Horsham Debtors Petition.

King's Consent to Tib-thorpe Inclosure Bill.

King's Consent to Walk-ington Inclo-gure Bill.

Martin Inclosure Bill committed.

Roundway, Bedborough, &cc. Inclosure Bill passed.

34 Geo. III. 15° Ap469

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker Church do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act, the Powers of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of tine Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to church, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Wycombe, Mr. Jekyll, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in *

Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Refief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; which Bill was, upon Wednesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gave his Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln, ' was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title Vol. 49.

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Langston do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Parrctt, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port, was committed.

Mr. Langston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Manufacturers and other Persons, residing or having Estates within the Towns of Taunton, Bridgewater, Langport, Somerton, Ilminster, Chard, and Wellington, and the respective Neighbourhoods; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors and Conservators of the River Tone, from flridgewater to,

in the County of Somerset, referred to their Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkboum, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, Within the Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkboum, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River from

or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Maiy's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers

6 D communicating

Bridgewater Bridge, &c. Bill reported.

Tibthorpe Inclosure Bill passed.

FurtherHear-ing of Counsel on Eau Brink and King* Lynn Drainage Bill, deferred.

470 15* Aprilis. A. 1794.

communicating with the said River Ouze, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Bill for morn ]Vfr. Bramston presented to the House, according to

effectually re- Qr(jer a pju for the more effectually repairing of such

pairing cer- _ c »¥. , _ Tr. J r ®

tain Parts of "arts or the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be

Highways repaired by two Parishes: And the same was received;

presented. and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill for tak- An ingrossed Bill for taking of special Bail in Ac-ing special tions and Suits depending in the Court of Common County Pa- P^as of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read latine of the Third Time.

Lancaster, An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the P488^- Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas in the said County Palatine.

And the said Clause, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Pophatn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to movalof Prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts Suits in the *n the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of County Pala- Common Pleas of the said County Palatine: And that tine of Lan- Mr. Popham and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and dered*' bring *n> the same.

Days ap- The House was moved, That the several Orders, pointed for appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Petitions"^- severa^ Petitions respecting the Rights of Election for specting the Town and Port of in the County of

Rights of sex; for the City of Carlisle, in the County of

-Election, land; and, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, a ‘ might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly; the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, respecting the Right of Election for the said Town and Port, be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 7th Day of'July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; and

1

also, the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 9th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again inserted in the London Gazette; and also sent to the Returning Officers of the said several Places.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, between the 14th Day of February 1794 and the 5th Day of April following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, ndt exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes, vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Lottery Bill passed.

Report Supply.

Civil List,

Board of Agriculture.

Committee on Consolidated Fund Bill.

34 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis.

4T1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Land Reve- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House nue Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

deferred. upon the Bill for the better Management of the

Land Revenue of the Crown in future, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ErenchPro- upon for more effectually preserving Money or

pgrty Effects, in the hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the individual Owners thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £ranting *°. upon the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under the PnvUeges His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; Ships, &c. for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry " Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of " any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, " from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in " Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Te-morrow Morning.

V OL. 49.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill for sav-First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- ing the Duty tituled, " An Act for the Support of His Majesty's of NewSubHousehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the ba^coimportCrown of Great Britain," might be read. ed into

And the same was read accordingly. Scotland,

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in ordered-the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on " Tobacco and Snuff; and for granting new Duties in " lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for saving to His Majesty the Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0"ev‘ntj°^ upon the Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Delay in 8 Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be now Elections, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, accord- Bill for saving to Order, a Bill for saving to His Majesty the ing the Duty Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that of New Sub-Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same baccoimport-was received; and read the First Time. ed into

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Scotland,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Presente<*-To-morrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bill for far-the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and ther Encou-for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the ragement of Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. anners.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Mariners

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Bill read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, on Bill to upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session "mend Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for the ^eFamilie-T " Families Of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the of Militia " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving Men.

" therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain " called Englandbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

472

15° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for extending the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

Clutton, High Littleton, &c. Canal Bill.

Chatteris and Ramsey Road Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Canal Navigations; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of , to communicate

with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of East Cornell, otherwise Queen Cornell, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Catholic Die- made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His ct' present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon " Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons " therein described, from certain Penalties and Dis-u abilities, to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "‘An Act to relieve, upon Con-t(ditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein " described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, " to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish " Religion, are by Law subject," so far as the same relates to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report Slate, Stone, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the &c- Duties Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Cus- Bill, reported, toms on Slate, Stone, and Marble, was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to continue certain Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, committed.

Dunchurch and Southam Road Bill.

Claife Inclosure Bill.

'East Camell Inclosure

BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Walkingtoa Open ana Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- juclosure mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Bl p Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, within the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to exempt Prize Ships from Payment of Duty, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Ships of War, and private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wUl, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Newa-papen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, stamping Bill upon the BUI to enable the Commissioners of His Ma- deferred, jesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill to to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of observation King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the of the Lord's " better Observation of the Lords Day, commonly Day.

" called Sunday," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

34 Geo. III. 15° — 166 473

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr; Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to repeal The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Act respect--- Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, Tarmin & intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-ofHidJ'and " ma^ersj and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting Skins or- "*of Leather," might be read, dered. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins: And that Mr. force, Mr. Mainwaring, and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, > and bring in, the same.

Proceedings The other Order of the Day being read, for taking on Aberdeen into further Consideration the Report which was made Paving, &c. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative. ‘

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ :} *

TeOersfor theNoes.{££££- } 4-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was* adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Aprilis;

Anno 34° Georgii III. B Regis, 1794. Praters.

Trial of Mr. ^TPHE Managers appointed to make good the Hastings. _L Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Vo L. 49.

Ordered, That Mr. John Thomas Stanley do make' Amesby the Repeat from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Inclosure Bill dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, rePorted-Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Amesby, in the County of Leicester, was committed.

Mr. John Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 5 Yard Lands, or-thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of One Half Yard Land, who declared himself neuter; and that the whole Property to be divided and inclosed, amounts to 49 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed-to be reported to the House; and he read the Re-: port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for ascertaining the Proportion of Chief Rents.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Volunteer Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps Bill, Corps, or Companies of Men, as shull voluntarily en- with Amend-roll themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, ments-or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Mr. Kemeys Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, on Behalf of himself, his Petition re-Mother, and his Two Sisters, which was presented to |®rred *° a the House upon the 3d Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the- same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, Mr. Salusbury,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, who Report from were appointed to revise the Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bills for making Canals, Aque- revise Stand-ducts, and improving the Navigation of Rivers, and ing Orders to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That relative to the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the 6 E House;

474 1 6° JprilisA. 1794.

House; and he reac( the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered It in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when any Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, or any Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, for the Purpose of supplying any City, Town, or Place, with Water, or for varying or altering any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, or for making or improving the Navigation of any River, or for altering any Act of Parliament, passed for any or either of those Purposes (in which Bill for altering any such Act it is intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of such Canal) Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in T London Gazette, viz. Once in die Month of July, Once in the Month of August, and Once in the Month of September, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such Notice shall also be. inserted in some One Newspaper of every County, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated (or, if there is not any Newspaper printed in or for such Counties, respectively, then in the Newspaper of some County near or adjoining the reto) Three Times at the least, Once in the Month of July, Once in the Month of August, and Once in the Month of September, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such-Notice shall also be given at the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be holden for every and each County, Riding, or Division, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, -is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, at the Michaelmas preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made, by affixing such Notice to the Door of the Session Houses, respectively, where such General Quarter Session shall be holden.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such several Notices shall contain the Names of the Parishes and Townships in, to, or through, which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, varied, or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Map or Plan of such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, and also of any intended Alteration in any Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, already made, shall be deposited, for Public Inspection, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, through which such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be carried, or such Alteration is intended to be made, on or before the 30th Day of September previous to the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; which Map or Plan shall describe the Line of such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, or of such intended Alteration, and the Lands through which the same is intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners,

5

or reputed Owners, and Occupiers, of strch Lands respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, before any Application is made to the House for any or either , of the Purposes aforesaid, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers, of the Lands through which any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be' carried, or any such Alteration is intended to be made; and that separate Lists shall be made of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them, upon such Application, have assented to, or dissented from, such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, or such Alteration, or are neuter in respect thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever any Petition is presented to the House for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, there shall be presented, with such Petition, the Lists mentioned in the last preceding Resolution, and also a Duplicate of the Map or Plan so to be deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever any Petition is presented to the House for making, varying, or altering, any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, as aforesaid, or making or improving the N avigation of a River, there be annexed to the said Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking (in Cases where Provision is intended to be made for raising Money to defray such Expence) such Estimate to be signed by the Person or Persons making the same; send, if such Money is proposed to be raised by Subscription, that there be also annexed to the said Petition, an Account of the Money subscribed for that Purpose, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the Sums by them subscribed respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever any Petition has been presented to the House for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of them, the Committee, to whom such Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the preceding Resolutions have been complied with, and do report the same, at the Time when they report the Matter of any such Petition, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Seven Days between the First and Second Reading of such Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers of the Land through which any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be carried, or any such Alteration is intended to be made, do Personally attend the Committee, to whom such Bill shall be committed; or if they do not Personally attend, do give their Certificate in Writing, signifying that they have seen a printed Copy of the said Bill, and do give their Consent, or Dissent thereto, or declare themselves neuter in respect thereof; and that the Hand Writing of such Owner or Occupier to such Certificate be proved by One or more Witnesses before the said Committee; and that the said Committee shall report to the House, together with the Report of the said Bill, a List of the Names of such Persons who shall appear to them to have given such Assent or Dissent, or to have been neuter, in respect to the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Seven Days between the Day on which such Bill is reported to the House, and the Day when the said Report shall be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after such Bill is reported to the House, and before the Report is taken into Consideration, the Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, at the

Expence

Lamport and Hanging Houghton Inclosure Bill committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Skelton Inclosure Bill.

Long Bennington and Foston Inclosure Bill.

Newcastle upon Tyne and Buckton Burn Road Bill.

Newbury and Bath Canal Bill.

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Bill.

34 Geo. III. 16° Apr. 475

Expence of the Parties applying for the same, and be delivered, at the Door, to the Members of the House, Three Days at least before such Report shall be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clerks of the Peace, or their respective Deputies, do make a Memorial, in Writing, upon the Plan and Book of Reference deposited with them in Manner aforesaid, denoting the Time at which the same was lodged in their respective Offices; and do, at all seasonable Hours of the Day, permit any Person to view and examine the same, and to make Copies or Extracts therefrom, such Person paying for the same the usual and accustomed Fees paid to such Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection and Copying of, or making Extracts from, Records in their respective Offices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Bills presented to the House for any or either of she Purposes aforesaid, Provision be made for compelling the Persons, who have subscribed towards carrying any such Work into execution, to make Payment of the Sums severally subscribed by them; and also to oblige the Commissioners or Trustees to take Security from their Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector, for the faithful execution of his Office.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be pfmted, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the several Manors of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

TTie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cow-Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the 'town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Bum, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kermet, at, or near, the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at, or near, the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Vo h.49.

Dumbarton, and Perth;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday, the 28th Day of this Instant April, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads in the County " of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour " within the same," and for repairing several other Roads in the said County; and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven, was read th£ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, " and for regulating the Statute Labour within the " same;" and for repairing several other Roads in the said County; and for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, near Finhaven.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation in die City of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-i tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage and Inclosure, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Forfar Roads Bill passed.

Aberdeen Paving, &c. Bill deferred.

Bill to amend the Oxford Canal Navigation Acts reported.

Fleet Inclosure, &c. Pt-tition reported.

476

16° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

Tibbington Church Bill Committed.

Thomas Foster being examined, said, That there is a certain Open Common, and certain Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish of Fleet; and it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the said Common, Droves, and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed. — Then,

An Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, " lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including " the Hamlets of Cowbit and, ) Weston, Moul-

" ton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Sutton Saint

" Mary, Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all " in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln," was read: And,

Mr. Taster'being again examined, said, That it will he necessary to alter and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln;and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln:And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tolpuddle Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure Bill the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Unin-reported. closed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Tolpuddle, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

' to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 17 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property to be divided and inclosed amounts to 655 Acres 1 Rood and 16 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for grant- Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee-

ing certain simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of Estates vest- the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the ed in His Descendants of such attainted Persons, was read a

S"»"d, TTV . „

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premisses situate in the Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premisses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Viscount Parker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for the " Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes' serving " therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating* to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called England," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called " Sunday," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Arnold's Estate BiR read.

Southnew-ington Ind#-sure Bill presented.

Bill to amend Act to pro* vide for the Families of Militia Mea reported.

Bill to amend Act for better Observation of the Lord's Day deferred.

Mariners Bill committed.

34 Geo. III.

16° Apr.

477-

Volunteer Corps Bill ordered.

Pr. 2.

'' )Af"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

ATolunt^J® Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Coq» Bill 1 An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such put off for Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll

j Months. themselves for the Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 26. After " Towns" insert " or shall " voluntarily assemble within " the same to repel such Invasion."

I After " aforesaid" insert " such . Court Martial to be assem-3'J " bled by Warrant under His Majesty's Sign Manual, or by " Warrant from some General " or other Officer duly authorized to hold Courts Martial."

Pr. 4. 1. 20. After " produce " insert " to the

" Deputy Lieutenants assembled at the Sub-division Meetings, holden in the several " Counties, for the Purpose of " hearing Appeals against the " Militia List returned from " each Parish, an Affidavit of his " having been enrolled as aforesaid, and."

1. 22. After " has" insert " for the " Space of Six Weeks, immediately preceding such Subdivision Meeting and in the same Line leave out " the " and insert " all such."

1: 23. Leave out " Time" and insert " Times;" and in the same Line leave out " Place " and insert " Places," and in the same Line leave out " which shall " and insert " as may."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Bill for preserving French Property deferred.

B31 for extending the Time for deliYtring in Navy and Victualling Bills ordered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging and disciplining such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving' the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this

Vol. 49.

Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills:

And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Consolidated Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Puni^'11 granting to His Majesty a certain Stun of Money out repo of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein-mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was committed, the Amendments' which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for grant-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ingto Foreign

?-anting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's ^ylpsth0efPn* rotection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under cer- pri^ships, tain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens &c. reported, in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said " Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built i " in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the BUI, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bjll, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Billtocon-Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, tinueand and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of "nen<1 Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a thesh^ping8 " limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Par- of Slaves " liament, for regulating the shipping and carrying presented.

" Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third slate. Stone, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His &c. Duties Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Bl11 Marble, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 F Mr.

Bill for ex-, tending the Time for delivering in Navy and Victdaliing Bills presented.

Bill to explain Act for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections ordered.

Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits in the County Palatine of Lancaster presented.

Bill to explain Act for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections presented*

Bill for preventing Delay in Elections reported, and recommitted.

Bill for saving the Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco import-into Scotland committed.

478

16° Aprilis-

A. 1794.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation " of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of the said Act, as relates to the Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Jenkinsott, do prepare, -and bring in, the same.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a BUI to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further " Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiU, upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Second Reading of the Bill for saving to His Majesty the Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiU, Tomorrow Morning

resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on N*11 to * upon the Bill to exempt Ships of War, and Private ships from Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment payment af of Duty, be now read. Duty.

And the said Order being read accordingly; *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Newspaper* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, »tamping Bill upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His <*eferred- Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to continue certain Laws respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders deferred.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to enable Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Subjects of to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in enUsta*1^ Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and dier* report-in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty ed. to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive- Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 4 1. 9. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 9. which was after " same," to insert " Provided always, that no Officer " or Soldier shall by such Articles of War be subject " to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, for " any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army " and their Quarters," nor for such Crimes as are " expressed to be so punishable in the said Act, m " any Manner, or under any Regulations, which shall " not accord with the Provisions of the said Act," being read a Second Time; an Amendment was pro-k posed,

Volunteer Corps Bill Presented, *nd committed.

34 Geo. III.

16° — 17a Aprilis.

479

posed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof these Words, " Provided also, that " every Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier " under the Authority of this. Act, shall be attested in such Manner aa His Majesty shall, direct by such " Articles of War, and nbt otherwise; and that such " Officers and Soldiers respectively, shall take such. " Oath for their fidelity, during their Continuance " in His Majesty's Service, as His Majesty shall,. in " like Manner, direct, and no other."

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, > " An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Desertion^ and for the better " Payment of the Army and their. Quarters," might he read. *

And the same befog.read accordingly.;

An Amendment was! proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words " His. Majesty shall, in like Manner, direct, and no V other," in order to insert the Words " shall be prescribed by Law," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " His Majesty shall, in like Manner, direct, and ho " other," stand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " Provided also, that every Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under die Authority of this Act, " shall be attested in such Manner as His Majesty " shall direct by such Articles of War, and not otherwise; and that such Officers and Soldiers respectively " shall take such Oath for their Fidelity, during " their Continuance in His Majesty's Service, as His Majesty shall, in like Manner, direct, and no other," be added at the End of the said Amendment, in Fo. 4. 1- g;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Amendment so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, which were to leave out " until," in Fo. 4. 1. 11. and to fill the Blank with the Words " from the End thereof, to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament," being read a Second Thne, it was proposed to disagree to the said Amendments, in order to make the Continuance of the Bill until the End of the next Session of Parliament

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the First of the said Amendments, which was to leave out the Word " until

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

j

Robert Smith:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 11. being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the BiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. ' -

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to < Order, a Bill for encouraging and disciplining such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence Vot. 49.

Tellers for the Yeas,

/Mr.

'[Mr.

118.

29.

of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War: Add the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.- ,:

The. arid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 17° d;

Anno 34* Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- Wellington proving, the Commons, Common Meadows, Inclosure Bill and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in committe<1-the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Comewall, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, ac- Faldingworth cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bill the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Pre8euted-Waste Lands, within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Volunteer upon the Bill for encouraging and disciplining such Corps Bill. Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties,

Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout; and then a Second- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

480

17* Aprilis. A. 1794.

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

List of Offices The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from

in the East the Directors of the East India Company, attended iented prC" 81 Door 5 he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

sented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A List of all the Offices, Places and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company in the East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Cawthorne be added to the ^ded10 Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring and Yaddk- *n> a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of thorpe inclo- Thomas Peacock, tfye Reverend George *ure Bill. Benjamin Burnett, ind others, Proprietors of Messuages or Tenements, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, in Bottesford and Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, and County of Lincoln.

Bottesford and Yaddle-thorpe Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Conothorne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Bottesford, and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Volunteer An ingrossed Bill for encouraging and disciplining Corps Bill such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily

passed. enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties,

Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps, or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Cawthorne be added to the Gen-

ld<AUh)bnrg tlemen w^o are appointed to prepare, and bring in, inclosur«Pe a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Henry BilL Dalton, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Mes-

suages or Tenements, Moors, Lands, and Grounds, in Althdtpe, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln.

Althorpe Mr. Cawthorne presented to the House, according Inclosure Bill to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open presen Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Elmore, Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Brockworth, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Biii present-6 Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common ed.

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth, and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common Field, called CalmsdenField, and other Commonable and Waste

Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cemey, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according Fleet Inclo-to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing sure»&c- Bill the Common Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish Presented-of Fleet, in the County of Lincolnand for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill)Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Hol-

beach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Compton whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the several Beauchamp Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, M

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cone Inclo-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester, and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements 'within the same Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and . Composition for Tythe, if any, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, accord- Clackmanw ing to Order, a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Claclemanan and Perth: And gill present-the same was received; and read the First Time. ed.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Forbes, of Callander, Esquire, Mr. Forbes's was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Petto°" of the Bill for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling; and Setting Bill, forth, That the Interest of the Petitioner will be materially affected and injured by several. Parts of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, it being thereby proposed to grant Powers to the Trustees of the Turnpike

Roads,

Newport Pagrnel Inclosure Bill presented.

» Swansea Canal Bill reported.

Kelshall Inclosure Bill presented.

Rufforth Inclosure Bill presented.

Tewkesbury Roads Bill reported.

34 Geo. III. 17° Aprilis.

Roads, their Officers, and Collectors, to take Gravel and Materials for the Roads, and to estimate Damages in an arbitrary Manner, the proper and reasonable Exemption of Tolls not being provided for, extraordinary Controul for the Suppression of Roads, and erecting of Toll Bars, and unusual, immoderate, and, in many Respects, oppressive, Power and Jurisdiction given to the Trustees, in their Character of Justices of the Peace; and the Bill is, in several other Points, injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying,

That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Marquis of Titchfield presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fojr dividing and inclosing the the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Wyndham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tlje Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Elijah Impey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Vol. 49.

Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from SimmoruTs Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near,

Beckford Inn, in the County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near, Inn,

in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Heathcote presented to the House, according to Bisbrooke Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Lidding. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- present monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor ed. of Bisbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing a certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining to the said Manor; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Volunteer for encouraging and disciplining such Corps, or Com- CorP8 Bill-panies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Poor Re-whom the Bill for preventing the Removal of Poor moval Bill Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement, until they reP°rted. are actually chargeable, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report

was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Fortnight, the 5th Day of May next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Broughton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure Bill mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, ^rwom* and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

6 G same

482.

17° Aprilis. A. 1794.

tame to be Due; and that the Parties concerted had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Ifae Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Home; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where toe Report was rend.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to toe said Bill;

Resolved, That toe said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom toe same was committed.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Act to pro- Reading of toe Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, Famffiesof Pa9se<^ *n the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Militia Men M An Act to provide for the Families of Persons passed. " chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to " explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,1' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That toe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve " in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the " Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England and also, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act for augmenting toe Militia."

Ordered, That Mr. Mine ft in do carry the Bill to toe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" Parliament, for regulating toe shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from toe Coast of Africa^' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on upon the Bill for saving to His Majesty the Duty of Datygof New New Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Subsidy on Great Britain called Scotland, be now read. Tobacco im-

And the said Order being read accordingly; P0^ *nt0

The House resolved itself into toe said Com- 0 811 ' mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House,* without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at toe Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of toe Day, for the Second Bill for ex-Reading of the Bill for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy and liveringin Victualling Bills, be now read. Navy and

And the said Order being read accordingly; Victualling

The said Bill was read a Second Time. mitted?m

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second vent the Re- Reading of the Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits moval of from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lan-County Pala- caster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said tine of Lan- County Palatine, be now' read, caster com- And the said Order beingread accordingly; mitted. The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That toe Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of toe whole House, upon the said Bill.

Shouldham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and indosing, the Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Mea-committed. ^ows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of ShotildhaM, and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Workhouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That toe Order of the Day, for the Second amend? Act Rbftding of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be for regulating limited, and to amend, an Act passed in the last the shipping Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue wm^tted. ft* a limited time, and to attend, several Acte of

An ingrossed BUI for repealing so much of an Act, Bill for more made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present effectual Pre* Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland tiU the Importation of Cam- &c. passed', bricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland until the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, for a limited Time; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do catty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the pjj s""pt Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill to from Payment

av/Wnnl Of Duty re-

WeClpt ported.

34 Geo. III. 17° Aprilis.

483

exempt Ships of War, and private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he mid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,* One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill to amend Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported Ob^rva^wT ^rom Committee of the whole House, to whom of ttw Lord" ^e Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Day reported. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called ,"

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the BUI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Kemeys Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Petition re- the Petition of John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, on Behalf ported. of himself, his Mother, and his Two Sisters, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Sturdy produced the Proceedings in a Suit in Chancery, wherein Robert Esquire, and the

Right honourable Richard Rigby, were Plaintiffs, and Mr. Gardner Kemeys, Jane Kemeys, his Wife, John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, and divers others, were Defendants.

He also produced the Marriage Settlement of the said John Gardner Kemeys, and Jane his Wife, proved in the said Cause, dated 14th April 1756, by which a Moiety of a Plantation in the Island of Jamaica, therein stated to be then, One Year with another, of the Yearly Value of 1,200 Sterling, and upwards, and also One Estate in the County of Monmouth, were (subject to prior Portions and Incumbrances amounting to £. 3,300) settled upon the said John Gardner Kemeys for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder for securing a Jointure to the said Jane Gardner Kemeys of £ 50O per Annum, and 4,000

Portions for tile Daughters of the Marriage, Remainder to the said John Gardner Kemeys in Tail, in strict Settlement.

And the Witness also produced an examined Copy of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled and unsettled Estates of John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in u Trustees, in Trust, by Sale or Mortgage to raise tf Money to pay off Portions and Debts, and re-Vo L.49.

" deem Annuities charged upon, and affecting the " same, and for resettling the Remainder thereof, and " Lands to be purchased as in the said Act is directed, " to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now " Stand settled and limited;" in which it was alledged, that the said John Gardner Kemeys was seised in Fee of an Estate in Monmouthshire, adjoining to, and intermixed with the settled Estate, then of the Yearly Value of £. 566, in which had been discovered some Ore that was likely to prove very beneficial: And further, That the said Gardner Kemeys, since the Execution of the said Settlement, was become seised of a convenient Tract of Land contiguous to the said Plantation, and that he had expended considerable Sums in lasting Improvements for the Use of, and in extending the Plantation, by cultivating a large Tract of Waste Lands, which was before of little or no Value, and in purchasing an additional Number of Negroes proper for the Improvement thereof, by Means whereof the Annual Income of the Plantation had been increased from £. 1,200 a Year, to the Sum of £. 2,500, and the Annual Income was likely, in a few Years, to be much further increased: And being further examined, he said, That the said John Gardner Kemeys had also expended very considerable Sums upon the Monmouth settled Estate, in repairing and enlarging the Mansion, in re-building and repairing Farm Houses, and by inclosing and cultivating great Part of the barren and unprofitable Lands, by planting a very considerable Quantity of Oak and other Trees, which were in a very thriving Condition, and in other lasting and permanent Improvements, by Means whereof the Annual Income of that Estata was increased in Value to £. 981 per Annum and upwards, and by the Annual Growth and Increase of the Trees so planted, the Inheritance of the said Premisses would in a few Years be considerably improved: And further, that there was then growing upon the settled Monmouth Estate, a considerable Quantity of Timber and other Trees in a very thriving Condition, which, upon a fair Valuation, were worth then to be sold £. 6,000 and upwards: And it was also further stated, that to enable the said John Gardner Kemeys to make the several Purchases mid Improvements aforesaid, and thereby to increase as well the Yearly Income, as the Value of the Inheritance of the settled Estates for the Benefit of the Issue Male, claiming under the Settlement to the Amount before-mentioned, and without which no such Advantage could accrue to them, the said John Gardner Kemeys had been necessarily obliged not only to contract Debts to the Amount of £. 31,976 or upwards, but to grant several Annuities out of the settled Estates during his Life, to the Yearly Amount of £. 1,300, which were redeemable, and which (with the Incumbrances on the settled Estates prior to the Settlement) made together £. 44,026, or thereabouts; and that the said John Gardner Kemeys having been threatened with Suits at Law and in Equity by his Creditors, he was advised, and apprehended it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of himself and Family, and all Persons claiming under the Limitations of the Settlement, and be a Means of preserving great Part of the settled and unsettled Estates, if he was enabled by Sale or Mortgage to raise Money sufficient to pay off the Portions, Debts, and Sums of Money so owing by him, and to redeem the Annuities so granted by nim, as he would thereby afterwards have a clear Estate of Inheritance left for the Benefit and Preservation of himself and Family, of the Yearly Value of £. 2,500 and upwards, exclusive of what might thereafter arise from Ore that had been discovered on his unsettled Estate, which he was desirous of preserving, as it might eventually prove very valuable and advantageous to himself and Family; and that in order to make Compensation to the Issue Male inheritable under the Limitations of the

484 17° Aprilis. 1794.

the Settlement, for the Prejudice, if any, that might accrue to him or them by such Sale or Mortgage to be made as aforesaid, the said Gardner Kemeys had proposed and consented that so much of the Plantation and other settled Estates as should not be sold, and the Equity of Redemption of so much as should be mortgaged, should be absolutely discharged from any further Debt he might contract, and that so much of the Plantation Lanas and Negroes as had been purchased by him since the Settlement, together with the Watercourse or Canal, Mills, Erections, Buildings, and Improvements, which, on a fair Calculation, according to the Annual Improvement of the said Estate, might be estimated at £. 18,000 at the least, together with the Estate in Monmouthshi, whereof he was seised in Fee, except the Mines and Minerals within the said Estate, and which was then of the Yearly Value of £.566, and in its then Situation was worth to be sold £. 15,000 at least, should, subject to the raising the £. 44,026 or thereabouts, be vested in Trustees, and settled to the same Uses as the Estates comprized in the Settlement did then stand limited and settled; and as a further Compensation as aforesaid, he was willing and desirous not only to relinquish, for the Benefit of his Issue Male, the Claim he had upon the setded Estates in , in respect of the great Sums expended by him in lasting Improvements, and which might be estimated at £. 8,000 at the least, and also to waive and divest himself of his Power of cutting down Timber and committing Waste on the said setded Estate, which was computed to amount to and be worth £. 5,000 at least, and also was willing that One Third Part of the clear Profits which might arise from the Mines and Minerals which then were, or might be discovered in the said unsetded Estates, should be vested in Trustees, as an accumulating and auxiliary Fund, towards paying off and discharging the Money then to be raised, so far as the same should extend; and after the above Statements, the Act proceeded to vest all the aforesaid setded and unsettled English and Jamaica Estates in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, such Sums as should be necessary for paying the Costs of the said Act, and the Trusts thereby created, and the Portions, Debts, Sums of Monty, and Incumbrances, and redeeming the Annuities specified in a Schedule, and all Interest of the said Debts and Incumbrances, and Arrears of the said Annuities which should be due at the Time of the Payment thereof, the Amount of all which Debts and Incumbrances, and Arrears of Interest, and of Annuities, and of the Monies required to redeem the said Annuities, are calculated in the said Schedule to amount to the said Sum of £. 44,026, for effectuating the other Purposes mentioned in the Recitals of the said Act — And the Witness also produced a Mortgage of all the.English and Jamaica. Estates, settled ana unsettled, dated 26 and 27 June 1772, and several Indorsements thereon, also proved in the before-mentioned Cause, and executed by the Trustees of the before-stated Act, to a Trustee for the Right honourable Richard Rigby, for securing £. 48,000, out of which he says the Trustees paid and satisfied the Debts and Incumbrances, and redeemed the Annuities provided for by the Act, and the Interest and Arrears thereof; but the Court of Chancery, in the aforesaid Cause instituted by the late Richard Rigby for Foreclosure of the said mortgaged Estates, decreed, that the Trustees were only authorized to raise £. 41,386. 13#. 6d. under the Powers given them by the said Act, and accordingly the Trustees, were ordered to pay the difference to Mr. Rigby, which they have done; that there now remains due, for the Principal and Interest, the Sum of £. 53,000 or thereabouts, and that the mortgaged Estates are greatly insufficient for the Payment thereof: — And being further examined, he said.

That all the said mortgaged Estates are in the Possession of Agents appointed by the Representatives of the said late Richard Rigby; and that it further appears, from the Accounts passed before Mr. Holford, one of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, and contained in his Report made in the before-mentioned Cause, dated the 23d December 1786, and also by the Account produced by the acting Executor of the said Richard Rigby, delivered upon Oath, that on an Average for Seven Years, namely from 1785 to 1792, the said Plantation and Estate in Jamaica have not produced more than £. 1,100 per Annum, and that the Estate and Premisses in the County of Monmouth, during the same Period, have not produced more than £. 550 per Annum, and that the Purchase of the unsettled Estate was made for a Sum of £. 3,543.

That the whole Value of the Timber on the Whole of the Monmouthshire Estates, in the Year 1781, both full grown and fit to be cut, and young Timber not fit to be cut, amounted together only to the Sum of £. 3,000.

William Kemeys, Esquire, being examined, said, That no Ore has ever yet been discovered in the said Estates of the Value of Five Shillings; and no Timber has been cut down, save for necessary Repairs, and Sea Stakes.

Joseph Hill, Esquire, being examined, said, That it appears by a Letter from Simon Taylor, Esquire, the late Receiver of the Jamaica Estate, that the said John Gardner Kemeys died in Jamaica in or about the Month of July last.

The said Mr. Robert Sturdy being again examined, said, That the late Richard Rigby, Esquire, on whose Behalf the said Mortgage was taken as aforesaid, died indebted to Government in the Sum of £. 140,000, and upwards; and that Daniel Mc Namara, Esquire, is his sole acting Executor.

James Clitherow, Esquire, being examined, said.

That Jane Gardner Kemeys, the Widow, has no Provision whatever, save what she took under the before-mentioned Settlement: That Jane Gardner Hansard, and Susannah Margaret Gardner Kemeys, the Two Daughters of the late John Gardner Kemeys, have little or no Property, save the Provision made for them under the said Settlement; and that John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys has no Provision or Fortune whatever, save some small Fortune he had with his present Wife:

And that the said John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys has Two Infant Children.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee Committee. on Report of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Mr. Kemeys

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.' °D‘

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to hiring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the said Mortgaged Premisses in 2 . order

34 Geo. III.

Bill ordered.

Committee o Land Revenue Bill.

Royal Assent to Bills.

1?° Aprilis. 485

order to recover the Balance due from the late Right honourable Richard Rigby to His Majesty.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John.

Kemys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the said Mortgaged Premisses in order to recover the Balance due from the late Right honourable Richard Rigby to His Majesty: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord. High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain:

An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland, and for appropriating the said , Duties:

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to stamp Bills of Exchange and Notes, in certain Cases:

Vql. 49-

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay gnd Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, Oiie thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four:

An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps; or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or1 Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom; during the present War:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or. Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing His, Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; and for making further Provisions relative thereto: .

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India Islands, who have permitted the Importation anti. Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke' % Hydrometer:

An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Ye^r of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge:

An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described:

An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town:

An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of and County of Salop:

An Act for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Carters Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon:

6 H An

486 IT Aprilis.A. 1794.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keep- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ing in Repair, the Hoad from Dunchurch to Southam, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within in the County of Warwick: the Township of Holland, in the Parish of Wath

An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dem, in the West Riding of the County of York: Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Stirling, Dumbarton., and Perth: Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Parish and Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Thirtieth Durham:

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and the North End of the Cow-Cawsey, near the Town of Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Benning-Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and ton and Foston, in the County of Lincoln: from thence to Buckton Bum, in the County of Nor- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

thumberland: Commons or Waste Lands, called or

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Claife , except a certain Plot of Land, called

Dean and Canons of Windsor, and Thomas Stoner, The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife,

Esquire: in the Parish of in the County Palatine of

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Lancaster:

Walsingham Western, Clerk, in the County of Sussex, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, greater Value in the County of Essex in Lieu thereof, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and and in Exchange for the same: Grounds, in the Parish of EastCamell, otherwise Queen

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Cornell, in the County of Somerset:

James Peachey, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for lay- Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and ing out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled in the County of Buckingham: to the Uses of the said Will: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee,

" An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, Manor, and Parish of Ripon, in the West Riding of the " called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northamp- County of York:

" ton, founded by Lady Katherine LevesonAn Act to enable ^>\r George Augustus William Shuck-No. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, burgh, Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Arms of Evelyn.

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Long-

borough, in the County of Gloucester: Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to ad-

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the joum till the Fields, Half Year Lanas, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, 28th Day of this Instant April. a8til nst‘

Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

Parish of Tuddenham, in the County of Suffolk: Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider on Land Re Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pas- for ther of the Bill for the better Management of the veaue tures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Emping- The House accordingly resolved itself into the said ham, in the County of Rutland: Committee.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Tract of Common, or Waste Land, Part of the Forest Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Com-

of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East mittee.

Harptry, in the County of Somerset: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury to report, when the House will please to receive the

de la Folly, in the County of Wilts: same.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April,

within the Manor and Parish of East Brent, in the County of Somerset: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to ex-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Reading of the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made plain Act Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Quarley, Reign, intituled, "An Act for the for ther Regulation controverted in the County of Southampton: " of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Elections,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the committed. Open and Common Arable Fields, and a Common Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Con-Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull, sideration, be now read, in the County of Somerset: And the said Order being read accordingly;

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

of Cravocrook, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Palatine of Durham: of the whole House.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, night, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself -within the Lordship or Liberty of Discworth,- in the into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said County of Leicester: Bill.

A Petition

ilorpeth

Debtors Petition.

Consolidated Tund Bill

National Debt Bill

' Bill for granting to Foreign Ships the Privileges of Prize Ships, &c. passed.

34. Geo. III. 1T° Aprilis487

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's "or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Gaol or Prison at Morpeth, in the County of Northum- " Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly berland, was presented to the House, and read; Com- " to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. " and navigated according to Lawand also, so much

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign

Table. of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act.

Ord, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the , An ingrossdd Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein men- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

tioned for the Service of the Yfear One thousand to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on News-

Seven hundred and Ninety-four, was read the Third upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Ma-Time. jesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for print-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying now read.

a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Notice was taken that there were not Forty Members Ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies present in the House; and the House being counted by granted in this Session of Parliament. Mr. Speaker, and more than Forty Members being

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the found to be present;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That

Commissioners for' the Reduction' of the National Debt, they had gone through the Bill, and made several was read the Third Time. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to report, when the House will please to receive the be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of same.

Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April. laud, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to enable Debt. , Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable Subjects

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on ^tasSol-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, diers pawed.

and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to An ingrossed Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Re-Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restric- strictions, be now read, tions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, sur- And the said Order being reacLaccordingly; rendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations The said Bill was read the Third Time, of Merchants or Factors; and for Repealing an . Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his be, An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Li- Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of " berty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His " Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colo- Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to " nies in America, from the said Colonies directly to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or " Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and fts Engineers, under certain Restrictions.

M navigated according to Lawand also, so much of Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Con- his late Majesty, os amends tire said Act, was read the currence.

Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed Mr. Burke reported from the Managers appointed to steport from so be made to the Bill; viz." make good the Articles of Impeachment against War- Committee

Pr. 3. 1. 22. To leave out " nor" and insert ren Hastings, Esquire, and who were, upon the 5th the*

" not" instead thereof. Day of March last, appointed a Committee to inspect Lords Jour-

Pr- 4. 1. 36. After " Condemnation" to insert the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedipgs nals in rela-

" or if put under His Majesty's on the Trial of the said Impeachment, and to report jj.on ^fr'

" Protection, when and where." what they find in the said Journals to the House; and Trial"6*

Pr. 8. 1. 4. After " British" to insert " built." who, upon the 17th Day of March last, were instructed

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question to report the several Matters which have occurred jseverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and since the Commencement of the said Prosecution, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. which have, in their Opinion, contributed to the Du-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the ration thereof to the present Time, with their Obser-Title be, An Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put vations thereupon; That the Committee had inspected under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of the Lords Journals accordingly, and had directed him Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Re- to make a Report of the several Matters aforesaid to strictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occu- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where pations of Merchants or Factors; and for repeal- the same was read.

ing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Table.

" a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, A Motion was made, and the Question being Vol. 4SJ. proposed,

Further Hearing of Counsel on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill deferred.

Committee , on Mariners Bill.

reported.

488 17° Aprilis. A. 1794.

proposed, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

N. B. The House, on the 29th Instant, wras informed that it would be proper to make some -Alterations in the said Report, and some Additions thereto, and therefore the Order for printing it was discharged, and the Report re- -committed.

The Order of the Day bein'* read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upoti the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant April.

The House, according to order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Jenkinson accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 26. After " Act" insert Clauses (A)

(B) and (C).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if " any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be " imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, contrary to the Provisions of this " Act, or any of them, all such " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be "so imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise,

" with all her Guns, Furniture,

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited; and " also, if any Ship or Vessel shall

" sail in Ballast, or shall sail , to " be employed in Fishing, not " being manned and navigated " according to the Provisions of " this Act, such Ship , or Vessel, " with all her Guns, Furniture, " Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize on Board the " same, shall be forfeited." Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That all " and every the Goods, Wares, " or Merchandize, and all Ships " or Vessels forfeited by this Act, " may and shall be seized by the " Commander or Commanders " of any of His Majesty's Ships " of Waifcjor any Commissioned, " Warrant, or Petty Officer, spedally appointed by him, or " them, or by any Officer or " Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and that every Forfeiture incurred by this Act may " and shall respectively be sued " for, prosecuted, and recovered, " in such Courts, and by such " and the like Ways, Means, and " Methods, and the Produce " thereof respectively disposed of " and applied in such and the like " Manner, and to such and the " like Uses and Purposes, as any . " Forfeiture incurred by any Law

" respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, " prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either " in this Kingdom, or in any of " His Majesty's Dominions in " North America or the West i' dies respectively, as the Case " may happen to be."

Clause (C). . " Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid. That, in case any " British Ship or Vessel shall be " found at Sea, having on Board " a greater Number of Foreign " Mariners than is allowed by " this Act, or any Law now in " Force, or hereafter to be made, " and the Master of such Ship or " Vessel shall produce a Certificate of the actual Necessity of " engaging «such Foreign Mariners in some Foreign Port, " by Occasion of the Sickness, " Death, or Desertion of the like " Number of British Mariners, " or. of the same having been " taken Prisoners during his " Voyage, and that British Mariners could not be engaged at " such Foreign Port to supply " their Room, and that, for the " safe Navigation of such Ship , " or Vessel, it became necessary " to engage and employ such " Foreign Mariners, under the " Hand of His Majesty's Consul at the Foreign Port where " the said Foreign Mariners were " so engaged, or if there is not "®ny such Consul there, under-

the

34 Geo. III. . 17° Aprilis.

489

" the Hands of Two known " British Merchants at such Foreign Port, it shall not be " lawful for any of the Persons " authorized by this Act to " make Seizures of Ships or " Vessels navigated contrary to " the Directions of this Act, to " stop or detain any such Ship " or Vessel so found at Sea, or " to hinder her from proceeding on her Voyage; but such " Persons shall ana are hereby " required to indorse the Certificate so produced, testifying " the Production thereof, ana " when and where met with at " Sea, and that the Number of

1 " Foreign Mariners correspond

" with the Certificate of such " British Consul, or such known " British Merchants, for the Consideration and Investigation of " the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and " Scotland respectively."

Pr. 7. 1. 40. After " with " insert Clauses (D) (E) and (F).

Clause (D). " And whereas, by an Act passed in '

" the Twenty-eighth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure die Performance of Quarantine, and " for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs," certain Provisions were,

" amongst other Things, made,

" to prevent the Masters of Ships " or Vessels from wilfully and " maliciously detaining and refusing to deliver up the Certificates of Ships Registry, to " the Prejudice of the Owners of " such Ships or Vessels: And " whereas the good Purposes intended by those Provisions " have not been effected, and it " is therefore expedient to make " further Provisions for preventing the Masters of Ships or " Vessels from withholding Certificates of Registry, to the Prejudice of the Owners of such " Ships or Vessels; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That in case the "Master of any Ship or Vessel,

" who shall have received the " Certificate of the Registry " thereof (whether such Master " shall be a Part Owner or not)

" shall wilfully or maliciously " detain and refuse to deliver up " the same to the proper Officers " empowered to make Registry "and grant a Certificate thereof,

" on the Owner or Owners, or " the major Part of the Owners " of such Ship or Vessel, if such " Master has not any Property " therein, or on the other Owner " or Owners, or the major Part " of the other Owners of such " Ship or Vessel, if such Master

Vol. 49.

" hath any Share or Property " therein, requiring him so to " do, it may and snail be lawful " to and for the Owner or " Owners, or the major Part of " the Owners of such Ship or " Vessel, the Registry of which " shall be detained and refused " to be delivered up as aforesaid, " to make Complaint on Oath, " against the Master of the Ship " or Vessel, who shall so detain " and refuse to deliver up the " same, of such Detainer and " Refusal, to any Justice of the " Peace residing near to the " Place where such Detainer and " Refusal shall be, either in " Great Britain, or in the Islands " of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man,

' " or in any Colony, Plantation,

" Island, or Territory, to His Majesty belonging in America, " and on such Complaint the " said Justice shall, and is " hereby required, by Warrant " under his Hand and Seal, to " cause such Master to be brought " before him to be examined " touching such Detainer and " Refusal, and if it shall appear to " the said Justice, on Examina-"tion of the Master, or otherwise, " that the said Certificate of Registry is not lost or mislaid, but " is wilfully and maliciously detained by the said Master, such " Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay " the Sum of One hundred " Pounds; and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol,

" there to remain, without Bail or " Mainprize, for such Time as the " said Justice shall, in his Discretion, deem proper, not being " less than Six Months, nor " more than Twelve Months." Clause (E). " And be it further Enacted, That

" it shall and may be lawful for " the said Justice, and he is " hereby required to issue a Warrant, under his Hand and Seal,

" to cause Search to be made for " such Certificate, and if the same " shall be found, the said Justice " shall cause the same to be delivered up to the Person or " Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry; and if the " same shall not be found, the " said Justice shall and is hereby " required to certify the afore-"said Detainer, Refusal, and " Conviction, to the Person or " Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry for such " Ship or Vessel, who shall, on " the Terms and Conditions of " Law being complied with,

" make Registry of such Ship or " Vessel, de novo, and grant a " Certificate thereof, conformably to Law, notifying, on the 61 " Back

49Q

IT — 28°

A. 1794.

" Back of such Certificate, the " Ground upon which the Ship " or Vessel was so registered de

" nov."

Clause (F). " And whereas by the said Act,

" passed in the Twenty-sixth " Year of His Majesty's Reign, " it is, amongst other Things, " Enacted, That when and so " often as the Property in any " Ship or Vessel belonging to " any of His Majesty's Subjects " shall be transferred to any other " or others of His Majesty's Subjects, in Whole or in Part, the " Certificate of the Registry of " such Ship or Vessel shall be " truly and accurately recited in " Words at Length in the Bill, " or other Instrument of Sale " thereof, and that otherwise " such Bill of Sale shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And " whereas Doubts have arisen, " whether by the said Provision " every Transfer of Property in " any Ship or Vessel is required " to be made by some Bill or " other Instrument in Writing, " and whether Contracts or " Agreements for the Transfer " of such Property may not be " made without any Instrument " in Writing: And whereas it " was the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, " that no Right or Title whatsoever should be created in any " Ship or Vessel, except by actual Transfer of the legal Property therein in the Manner " prescribed by the said recited " Act; Be it Enacted and Dedared, That it was the true " Intent and Meaning of the said " Act that no Transfer, Contract, " or Agreement for Transfer of " Property in any Ship or Vessel, " made, or intended to be made, " after the First Day of August " One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-six, should be valid " or effectual for any Purpose " whatsoever, either in Law or in " Equity, but should be and be " deemed, and the same are " hereby declared to be utterly . " null and void, to all Intents

" and Purposes, save only and " except such actual Transfers " of the legal Property in such " Ships or vessels, which shall " have been, or shall be, made " by Bill of Sale, or Instrument " in Writing, containing such " Recital as prescribed by the " said recited Act."

Ordered, That the said. Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 28th day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant April, Tea of the Clock in the Morning.

Litnce, 28° Aprilis;

Anno 340 Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

Bill to conti-tinue certain Laws respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders de* ferrecL

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Newport Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Com- Pagnel Inclo-mon Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport 8ure Bill Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham, was read a conumtte<i* Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Titchfield, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Broughton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common inclosure re-and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and committed Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the BiBrepo County of Huntingdon, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Elmore, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Brockworth, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Inclosure Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore conunrt" and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cemey, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gen- Member add-tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ed to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Upton Gray several Persons, whose Names are thereunto scribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested, in the Common Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton.

7 Mr.

CI,i. Inclosure SUD Bill.

34 Geo. III.

28° Apr

491

Upton Gray Mr. John Pitt presented to the Honse, according to Inclosure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Common Fields, in the Parish of Upton , in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Norwich A Petition of the Woolcombers of the City of

Woolcombers NorwicJi and County of Norfolk, was presented to the

Petition. House; and read; Setting forth, That, by the Invention of a Machine for combing of Wool, which diminishes Labour to an alarming Degree, the Petitioners entertain just Fears, that they and their Families will speedily become a heavy Burthen to the State, it appearing to the Petitioners that one Machine only, with the Assistance of One Man and Eleven Children, will perform as much Labour as Thirty Men in the customary Manual Manner: And hoping, That the House will apply such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords have agreed to

Bedford Poor Bill.

Old Malton

Inclosure Bill

Bill to amend the River Trent Navigation Act.

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill.

Lottery Bill.

East India Company's

Bill.

South Kelsey

Itclosure

BdL

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature, &q. Acts.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of Yorkwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the RiveT Trent, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Islandwithout any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheepwalks in and over the same; without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Iwo Acts, made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Vol. 49.

Customs, and the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Burford In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common closure Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Na- Cana?Navi-vigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the said gation Bill. Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof; and to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch therein described, from the intended new Line of the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intuled, An Act Stafford for building a new Shire-Hall for the County of Stafford; g^jre~" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Foundling for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, ving> &c> Squares, and other Public Passages and Places, which Bill.' tore and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marston for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from -Ash-

the Coventry Canal at or near Marston Bridge, in the 2oUch aand Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a Ticknall, &c. certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in Canal Bill, the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same Y11*1 from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Amen ment Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the will proceed Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Mom- ings'^Triah" ing, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of Petition for the City of London, attended at the Door; they additional were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fte BillTor0 House, regulating

A Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of Watermen, the City of London. &c. on the

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor; and Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, intituled, "An Act touching Watermen and Bargemen upon the River of Thames," a Penalty of Forty Shillings, and Six Months Imprisonment, are inflicted on Watermen who should take more than the legal- Fare, which Punishment hath, for many Years past, been considered much too severe for the Offence, and, there being no Powers for mitigating the same, the Offenders have generally escaped Punishment for their Extortion, and it is expedient that some other Provisions should be made for the Prevention of the above-mentioned Offence;

and

Thames.

492

280 Aprilis. 1794.

and that the Practice of letting out Boats for Hire, to be rowed and used without the Assistance of Watermen, has occasioned many fatal Accidents, endangers the Lives of Persons passingin Boats, and tends greatly to reduce the Business and Emoluments of Wherrymen and Watermen on the River Thames, and it is necessary, for the above several Reasons, that such Practice should be prevented: And therefore praying That Provision may be made for the said several Purposes in the said Bill, now depending in the House, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as^to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Pochin be addbd to the Gentlemen

added to bring who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill inclosure pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several

Bui. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being

Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby.

Ilkeston Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to

Inclosure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting! and inclosing, the presented. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ashton's A Petition of Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, in the Petition for County of York, Painter, was presented to the House, Provisiorrin read; Setting forth, That a Bill is ordered to be the BUlto brought into the House to repeal so much of an Act, repeal Act made in the Reign of King James the First, intituled, respecting the " An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, &c‘ " and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Lea-Skins'. 68 " ther," as relates to the Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins; and that the Petitioner, having invented a Mode of Tanning leather with other Materials than are allowed by so much of the said Act as is intended to be repealed by the said Bill, hath obtained His Majesty's Letters Patent for the sole Use of his said Invention, within the Limits and for the Term therein mentioned, but the Petitioner is advised that Doubts may arise whether he can enjoy the Use of his said Invention agreeable to the Terms of the said Letters Patent, notwithstanding the Repeal of so much of the said Act as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for obviating such Doubts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bath Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Right honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, commonly called Lord Viscount Bay-

ham, now Earl Camden, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King's Mes-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to with Prussia-the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the and Conven-Members of the House being uncovered) and is as tion with followeth; viz. Holland.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has ordered Copies of a Treaty, which has been signed at the Hague, by the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and the States General of The United Provinces on the One Part, and by the Plenipotentiary of the King of Prussia on the other Part; and likewise of a Convention agreed upon between the respective Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and The States General, to be laid before the House: And His Majesty, relying on the zealous and affectionate Support of His faithful Commons, in the vigorous Prosecution of the War in which He is engaged, recommends it to this House to consider of making Provision towards enabling His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into, as well as to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the present Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Wednesday" and inserting the Word " Monday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Wednesday" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration. '

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Treaty, &c. Majesty's Command, with Prussia;

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty, the King of w^en" Prussia, and the States General of The United Pro- Holland; vinces, signed at the Hague, the 19th of April 1794; presented, and Translation: And also,

Copy of a separate Article signed at the Hague the 19th of April 1794, by the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and the King of Prussia; and Translation:

And also,

Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the States General of The United Provinces, signed at the Hague the 19th of April 1794; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION

Article Third.

493

34 Geo. III.

28° Apritis.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Majesty, the King of Prussia, and the States General of The United Provinces, signed at the Hague, the 19th of April *794-

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain and of Prussia, and their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, being animated by the same Desire of putting a Stop to the Progress of the System of Anarchy and Crimes by which Civil So-'ciety has been menaced, and being desirous of concerting together to support in the most effectual Manner the Common Cause in which they are engaged, in consequence of the unjust and cruel War, which the Persons, who exercise the Powers of Government in France, have raised up against several of the Great Powers of Europe, have agreed, in Conformity to the Bonds of Friendship and Alliance which so happily unite them, to conclude the present Treaty; and for this Purpose, they have named their respective Plenipotentiaries; to wit, His Britannick Majesty, the Lord Baron of Malmesbury, a Peer of the Kingdom of Great Britain, Privy Councillor, Knight of the Order of the Bath; his Prussian Majesty, the Sieur Chretien Henry Ceerce, Comte de His Minis-

ter of State, of War, and of the Cabinet, Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle; and their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, the Sieurs Laurent Pierre van de Spiegel, Counsellor Pensionary of the Province of Holland and West Frieseland, Keeper of the Seals, and Deputy of the said Province at the Assembly of the States General, and Henry Fagel, Greffier of their High Mightinesses; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article First.

His Majesty the King of Prussia engages to furnish an Army which shall be composed of Sixty-two thousand Four hundred Men, conformably to the Establishment which he has caused to be delivered to the Ministers of the Maritime Powers, which Establishment shall be considered as making Part of the present Treaty. This Army shall remain united under a Prussian Commander, and shall act in the most effectual Manner against the Common Enemy, either separately, or jointly with a Body of Troops in the Pay of the Maritime Powers, or of One of them. The said Army shall be and shall remain as complete as possible, and shall be employed, according to a Concert on Military Points between His Britannick Majesty, his Prussian Majesty, and their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, wherever it shall be judged to be most suitable to the Interests of the Maritime Powers. This Army shall arrive at the Place of its Destination on the 24th of May in the Year 1794, or sooner if possible: It shall be provided with Field Pieces, with their Carriages, and also with the Tents, and all Military1 Equipments necessary for acting in the Field.

Article Second.

It is agreed by the High Contracting Parties, that the Troops which ms Prussian Majesty is bound to furnish to His Britannick Majesty, and to their High Mightinesses, by virtue of the respective Treaties of Alliance between his Prussian Majesty and the Maritime Powers, shall be comprized in this Army of Sixty-two thousand Four hundred Men, and that by employing the said Army in the Manner declared in this present Treaty, his Prussian Majesty shall be deemed to have furnished to his High Allies the Succours stipulated by the said Treaties.

Vo l. 49.

Iii order to facilitate to his Prussian Majesty the Treaty with Means of acting with Vigour, and conformably to the Pru8Uai Sentiments of Zeal and Concern for the Common Cause with which he is animated, His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesses agree to furnish to his Prussian Majesty a Subsidy of Fifty Thousand Pounds Sterling, per Month, until the End of the present Year, and to be reckoned from the Beginning of the Month in which the present Treaty is signed.

Article Fourth.

His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesses will pay to his Prussian Majesty immediately, the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to enable him to defray the Charge of completing the above-mentioned Army, and the first Expences necessary for putting it in a State of Action, and for carrying it to the Place where it is to act; and at the Period of the Return of the said Troops, His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesses will moreover pay to his Prussian Majesty the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Expences of the Return of the Army into the Territories of his Prussian Majesty. The said Payments for the Expences of completing and putting the Troops in Motion shall be made immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, as well as that of the first Subsidy, to be paid Monthly, of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling. The following Months shall be discharged in Advance at the Beginning of each Month. All these Payments shall be made at Berlin, by the Maritime Powers, agreeably to such Arrangement as they shall agree upon between themselves; and the Pound Sterling shall be reckoned at Six Crowns in Frederic's <TOr.

Article Fifth.

The above-mentioned Subsidy and Payments shall satisfy all Demands which his Prussian Majesty might be entitled to make upon the Maritime Powers for the Expences of the Army; all these Expences, of what Nature soever they may be, being to be defrayed by his Prussian Majesty, with the Exception only of the Expences of Bread and Forage, which shall be furnished by the Maritime Powers, as well for the Thirty two thousand Four hundred Men whom his Prussian Majesty engages to employ over and above the stipulated Succours, as for those Succours themselves, in a Manner conformable to the Terms of the Treaties of Alliance subsisting between the Maritime Powers and his said Majesty. But in order to avoid the Difficulties which might arise relative to the furnishing of these Articles in Kind, the High Contracting Parties agree that this Expence shall be satisfied in Money, reckoning at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings (Stg. Money of England) per Month, for each Man of the Sixty-two thousand Four hundred, to be furnished by his Prussian Majesty, according to the Establishment hereinbefore mentioned, and the Payment of this Sum shall be made iii Advance, at the Beginning of each Month, in the same Manner as that of the Subsidy, and shall begin the same Day: But, if it shall happen in future that any Variation shall be made, by Consent of the High Contracting Parties, in the respective Proportions of Infantiy, Cavalry, and Artillery, settled by the said Establishment, in such -Case a new Valuation of the aforesaid pecuniary Aid shall be made, according to the new Proportion of Rations and Portions which may result from the said Variation, so that the said valuation may not be beyond the actual Expences occasioned by the furnishing of the Articles in Question, according to the Proportion of Men and Horses which shall be employed.

6 K Article

494

Convention with Holland.

&8° Aprilis. A. IT94.

Article Sixth.

It 4s agreed that all Conquests made »by this Army -shall be made in die Names of die Two Maritime iPowers, and shall mmain At their Disposal during the Course of the vWar, and at the Peace to be made such ~Use of as they shall (than judge most proper.

Article Seventh.

The Two Maritime 'Powers shall name Two Persons, commissioned to reside in their Names at the Head Quarters of the Prussian Army, to keep up the necessary Communication and Correspondence between the jeqpeetwre Aqnies.

Article Eighth.

3Hbs Treaty shall continue in its full Force until tire End the present Year 1794.

Article Ninth.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by all Parties, and the Exchange of the Ratifications shall be made in the Space of One Month, or sooner if possible.

In Witness of which, we, the Plenipotentiaries of His Britannick Majesty, and of his Prussian Majesty, and of the Lords States General of The United Provinces, by Virtue of our respective Powers, have signed the present Treaty, and have hereunto affixed the Seal of our Arms.

Done at the Hague, the 19th of April in the Year of Grace 1794.

/L- S.) Malmesbury, (L. S.) Haugeviz.

(L. S.) L. P. van de Spiegel. (L. S.) H. Fagel

TRANSLATION of a separate Article, signed at the Hague, the 19th of April 1794, fey the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and the King of Prussia.

Separate Article.

The Plenipotentiaries of their High Mightinesses not having thought themselves empowered to contract, at the present Moment, any Engagements relative to the Payment of the Subsidies stipulated in the present Treaty, beyond the Term of the present Year, this Treaty has been concluded only for that Term; but their pritannick and Prussian Majesties, being desirous

of continuing the Effect of the aforesaid Engagements until the End of the War, will enter into further Concert, as well between themselves, as with their High Mightinesses, for the Renewal of the present Treaty for so long as the War shall last, on the same Conditions as are therein declared with respect to the Troops, to their Employment, and to the Payment of the aforesaid Subsidies, as well as to the furnishing Bread and Forage, conformably to the Fifth Article of the Treaty; without, however, adding any Thing for the Expeaces of completing the Troops, or for those of putting them in Motion,

Done at the Hague, the Nineteenth Day of April, in the Year of Grace One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four

TRANSLATION of a Convention between His Majesty, and the States General of The United Provi, signed at the Hague,

the 19th of April 1794.

His Britannick Majesty and the Lords the States General of The United Provinces, desiring to put his Prussian Majesty into a Situation to prosecute with

Vigour the War in which the greatest Part of the Powers of Europe (find themselves engaged, through the unjust Aggression of those who have exercised the Powers of Government in Prance, Negotiation has been opened for rids Purpose at Berlin, winch, having since been transferred to the Hague, has been there terminated by the Treaty of Subsidy concluded this Day, by which the Maritime Powers hove engaged -themselves to furnish ito his Prussian Majesty the Sums specified an (the above-mentioned Treaty, to the lEnds which Are also announced in it In consequence of -this Treaty, His Britannick Majesty, and their High

Mightinesses the Lords States General of United Provinces, desiring ito oome to a further Understanding between themselves upon the Re-partition of the said Sums to fee furnished to his Prussian Majesty, have resolved to conclude for that Purpose, between themselves, the present Convention, and have named in Consequence, that is to say: His Britannick Majesty, the Lord Baron Malmesbury, Peer of the Kingdom off Great Britain, a Privy Councillor, iand Knight of the Order of the Bath; and their High Mightinesses the States General, the Sieass Laurent Pierre van de Spiegel, Councillor Pensionary of the Province of andcC

West Friesland, Keeper of the Seals, and Deputy of the arid Province at the Assembly of the States General; and Henri Fagel, Greffier of their High Mightinesses.

Who, after having mutually communicated their respective full Powers, and having found them in good and due Form, have settled the following Articles:

Article I.

Their High Mightinesses The States General shall furnish for their Quote, Part of the entire Sum to be paid to his Prussian Majesty, in order to enable him to fulfil the Engagements which he has contracted by the Treaty of Subsidy concluded and signed this Day, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling after the same Valuation which is stipulated for in the above-mentioned Treaty; which Sum shall be divided in such a Manner, that One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling may be appropriated to answer a Part of the Expences expressed in the said Treaty under the Name of " Charges of completing, of putting " in Motion, and of Return," whilst ue remaining Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Nine equal Portions to answer, in Part, die Expences of Bread and Forage, according to the Valuation of the said Treaty, ana in Part of die Subsidy which Hu Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesses have engaged themselves, by the Third Article of the Treaty, to furnish to his Prussian Majesty.

Article II.

As the existing Circumstances do not permit their High Mightinesses to enter into Engagements of Subsidy for an indefinite Term, it is understood that the present Convention will not be extended beyond the Term of the Current Year; but, if unhappily the War should not then be finished, His Britannick Majesty and The Slates General would consult together, in order to take, from Time to Time, all the adequate Measures for renewing this Convention, and for supporting with Vigour the just Cause in which His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesses find themselves engaged.

Article III.

The present Convention shall he ratified on both Sides, and the Exchange of the Ratifications shall take Place in die Space of One Month, or sooner if it be possible.

In Faith of which, we, Plenipotentiaries of His Britannick Majesty, and of the Lords States General of The

United

Mariners Bill deferred.

Committee on re-committed Bill forprevendng Delay in Elections.

Committee on Bil for extending the Time far delivering ji JNavy aid Victualing Bills.

Bill to continue certain Laws respecting the Transportation, &c. of Offenders deferred.

34 Geo. III.

28° Apr

495

United 'Provinces, in virtue of our respective Powers, have signed the present Convention, and affixed to it tile Seal of our Arms.

Done at the Hague, the Nineteenth of April One ‘thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

(L. SO Malmesbury.(L. S.) van de Spiegel.

(L. S.) H. Fagel.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie tfpoti the Table, to "be perused by die Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Comtait-tee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further, Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Bur-poses therein mentioned, was Committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Said Report be taken into farther Consideration tipon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the tfoulfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the farther Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made irt the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, u An Act for tire better " Security of His Majesty's Royal Person tmti Goveth-' ment,* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Said Coin1 mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in thte said Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as requires the Declaration of Fidelity to be taken by Persons offering to vote at the Elections of Members to setvfe in Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill { Which they had directed him to report, When the House Will please to receive the Same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-thOrtOw Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time limited, by an Act Of this Session, for delivering in NkVy and Victualling Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the HID, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mofrott Morning.

Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to 'temporary Places -of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly '; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning hext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Land Reve-the Report from the Committee Of the Whole House, nue BiB to whom the Bill for the better Management of the deferred-Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill for pre-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, serving to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money Fr*®c|? Pro" or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Newspapers the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Bi

to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His de Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That tire said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered That the Order of the Day; for the House Bill for grant-to resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House; certain upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee edi^His*8* Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of Majesty by the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Attainders Descendants of such attainted Persons, be now deferred* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for saving to His Majesty the Bill for Duty of Subsidy oh Tobafcco imported into that *£* % . Part of Great Britain called Schtldtid, ttas read the Third TltOfe. j it Tobaccoim-

Resoktd, That the Bill dO paiSS: Ana that the Tide ported into be, An Act M stfridg to His Majesty die Dufy of ScotU?Ml New Subsidy on TObacco' imported into that Part 6i paMed' Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do cUrry the Bill to the Lbtds, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Ordet of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend Reading of the Bill (nb\V ingrossed) to explain and ot£forIJfter amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth" Year of the ^the Lon?* Reign Of King Charles the Second, intituled, " An D&yde Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, ferred.

commonly called Sunday," be now read.

And the Saicf Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bin be' read the Third timet Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House A Bill lor making and repairing certain Roads in Clacfanana* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Comities of and Perth, was read a

upon the Bill to continue so much Of several Laws, Second Time. Bill com-

respecting the Transportation and imprisonment Of Revolted, That the' Bill he1 committed to Sir Thomas mitted.

Van-. 49. Duhdas,

Oxford Debtors Petition.

Swansea Canal Bill passed.

Tewkesbury Roads Bill passed.

496

A. 1794.

Dundas, Mr. Sheridan, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition ‘of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of lais, in the County of Brecon, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing Waste of Water in making Collateral Cuts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 7. After " E" to insert " David " Evans, D. D."

After " H" to insert " Samuel " Hawkins."

After " M" to insert " Edward ."

To leave out " and

insert " Bennet " in-

stead thereof.

After " " to insert

" Alexander ."

To leave out " Thomas

1. 16. 1. 18. 1. 23.

1. 24. 1. 26.

son.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road

leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beckford Inn, in the County of Gloucester, and from Gothetington to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near,

Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament,

passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond's Ford. Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near,

Beckford Inn, in the County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near, Sireford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arnold's to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Lease-hold Messuages and Premisses situate in the Parish co of Saint Ann, Westminster, devised by the Will of Lum-ley Arnold, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are ' declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premisses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Houghton 10-Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and closure Bill other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, Passed-within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of ton, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and: allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for the 8th Day of this Instant April, " That Leave be Clothiers Bill " given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees of " the Two Cloth Halls in Leeds, in the West Riding BUI ordered. " of the County of York, to make Bye Laws and Regulations under certain Restrictions, the better to " prevent Cloth Merchants from becoming Cloth Manufacturers, and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees of the Two Cloth Halls in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, with the Approbation of Commissioners to be named therein, to make Bye Laws and Regulations for the Preservation of the ancient Mode of carrying on the Trade between the Cloth Merchants and Cloth Manufacturers, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. John Smyth, and Mr. # Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom Martin Inclo-the Bill for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, sure Bill re-and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, in P01^-the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

the

oome

497

34 Geo. III. 28° — 29° Aprilis.

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

South With- Mr. Fydell presented to the House, according to inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and J present" Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South in the County of Lin-

coin: And the same was received; a,nd read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

New Sleaford Mr. Fydell presented to the House, according to

tnd Quar- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ' Open twe^Hl* °" Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and presented. Waste Lands, in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham, within the said Parish, and in the Parish of ton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bottesford A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and too ^indo Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-sure Bill ° monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township committed, of Bottesford, and Hamlet oiYaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fydell, Sir John Call, &c.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Althorpe A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields committed*11 and Common, in the Township of Althoiye, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fydell, Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Proceedings The Order of the Day being read, for taking into on Aberdeen further Consideration the Report which was made from Paving, &c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the CI09L

V01.. 49.

Martis, 29° die Aprilis;

Anno 340 Georgii III" Regis, 1794.

RAVERS.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Aberdeen the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better pav- Paving, &c. ing, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Bill deferred* Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was committed, be taken into farther Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Further upon the 17th Day of this Instant April, for the Hearing of further Hearing of Counsel Tomorrow, upon the Bill Counsel on for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South ^King's Levels, Part of the Great Level-of the Fens called LynnDrain-Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near age Bill to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or deferred-near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bill to pro- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp vent lhe Re* House, upon the Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits j^the from die inferior Courts in the County Palatine of County Pala-Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said tine of Lan- . County Palatine. caster defer-

J red.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Common Reading of the Bill for altering Two several Acts, Camera Bill passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His defelTed-present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Tolls in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Woolcombere Reading of the Bill for the Purpose of protecting Bill deferred. Woolcombers from being injured in their Manufacture

6 L by

49S

29° Aprilis. A. 1794.

by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Bill to con- Ordered, That Mr. John do make the Report

cLosurcTof11" from ^ie Committee, to whom the Bill for confirm-SodburvCom- *ng ^d establishing the Division, Allotment, and In-mon Fields closure, of certain Open or Common Fields, and reported. Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old and

Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been Complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the blouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Order for The House was moved, That the Order, made printing Re- upon the 17th Day of this Instant April, for printing FWeeding& ^Port> which was made from the Managers ap-in relation to pointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment Mr. Has- against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and who were, upon diKhaived^ 5*h Hay of March last, appointed a Committee and Report to the Lords Journals, in relation, to their

recommitted. Proceedings on the Trial of the said Impeachment, and to report what they find in the said Journals to the House; and who, upon the 17th Day of March last, were instructed to report the several Matters which have occurred since the Commencement of the said Prosecution, and which have, in their Opinion, contributed to the Duration thereof to the present Time, with their Observations thereupon, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, by the Chairman of the said Committee, that it w'ould be proper to make some Alterations in the said Report, and some . Additions thereto;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Report be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas i^r‘ \ „

leiiers for the *eas,jMr ] 5

Tellers for the Noes,{J£ . } 20.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Land Reve- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving nue Bill de- the Report from the Committee of the whole House, ferred. to wjj0m the Bill for the better Management of the

Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill for pie-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, *?rvin8 to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, be- longing to, or disposable by, Persons resident in,

for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Walker: \

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

The Lords will proceed on Monday on*Mr. Hastings's TriaL

Motion lor calling over the House. *<'eg.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^^"Ew; ] '9-

Telle* for the Noes,{j£; } 9«-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Bill for ex-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tending the for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this verin Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills, Navj^&Vic-was committed. mailing Bill*

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

of the Lords Day passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Act for belt® an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign t)bservation of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. 1. 35-

Pr. 2. 1. 7. 1. 21.

To leave out from " County" to the End of 1. 34.

To leave out from "City" to the End of the Line, and insert " or " Place" instead thereof.

To leave out from "Justice" to " shall," in 1. 8.

To leave out " the" and insert " such" instead thereof; and to leave out from "Justice" to " to," in 1. 22.

1. 29.

Committee on Bounties to Masters and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

Bill to continue and amend Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves deferred.

Rufforth Inclosure Bill committed.

Lords

Amendment to Marston Bridge, Ashby de la 2ouch, and Ticknall, &c. Canal Bill agreed to.

34 GeO. III. 29° Aprilis.

499

1. 29. After " extend " to insert " to " prohibit the selling of Bread,

" or."

Pr. 3. 1. 10. To leave out " Mayor or Head

" Officer."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

Ordered, That Mr. Mccinwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for " regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforih, in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 47. 1. 7. After " notwithstanding " insert

Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, that

" it shall be lawful for Sir Henry " Harof in the " County of Derby, Baronet, his " Heirs and Assigns, at his or " their own Charge and Ex-

Vol. 49-

upence, to make a Railway, or " Stone or other Road, from the " Lordship of Caulk, to join or " communicate with the said " Canal, at some convenient " Place betwixt Number 383 " and 391, marked in the Map " or Plan herein after directed to " be certified by the Right honourable the Speaker of the " House of Commons, provided " that such Railway, Stone or " other Road, shall not pass over " any Lands in the Lordship of " Staunton Harold, nor be commenced or made until the said " Earl Ferrers, his Heirs or " Assigns, shall require the said " Cut or Branch to be made to " his Lime Works at Staunton " Harold, or until the said Earl " Ferrers, his Heirs or Assigns,

" shall make or cause to be made " any Railway, Stone Road, or " other such Road from the " said Lime Works at Staunton " Harold, for the Purpose of conveying Lime or Lime Stone " from the said Lime Works at " Staunton Harold, to and upon " the said Canal, or until the " said Earl Ferrers, or any Person or Persons who may hereafter be Owner or Owners of " the said Lime Works in the " said Lordship of Staunton Havoid, shall discontinue or shut " up from Sale, or cause to be " discontinued or shut up from " Sale, by his or their Consent " and Approbation, the said " Lime Works; any Thing in " this Act to the contrary thereof " notwithstanding." ,

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill to exresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, plain Act for upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the of cot* Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, trovertedC°n~ intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Elections de-Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Mem- fared, bers to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for pre-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the' further venting De-Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to UonlTdefw-serve in Parliament, was re-committed, be received red. Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

500

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Mercurii, 30° Aprilis;

Anno 34* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794. Praters.

Bridgewater A N ingrossed Bill for building a new Bridge over Bridge, &c. the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridge-

Bin pa»ed. water, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and maintaining the Quays in the Port of Bridge-water aforesaid, and for more effectually collecting and enforcing the Payment of the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the said Port, and for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 38. After the first " Week" to insert " and so in proportion for a " greater or less Quantity."

Pr. 29. 1. 35. To leave out " the Court " and insert " His Majesty's Justices " of Assize" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new, Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending, the Quays in the PoA of Bridgwater aforesaid, for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

Ordered, That Mr. Poulett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Day fot con-Committee, who were appointed to revise the Standing sidering Re-Orders of this House relative to Bills for making Canals, P®rt Aqueducts, and improving the Navigation of Rivers, and ordera'fela-to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be tive to Navi-taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Mom- gation Bill*, ing next.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol or Newcastle Prison called Newgate, in and for the Town and "ponTyne County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the Pe"

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Arnesby Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Inclosure Bill mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and P388^-Grounds in the Parish of Arnesby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Arnesby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

l^eds, Brad- Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Horton, &c. to w^om the Bill for altering and enlarging the Term Roads Bill and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Bill reported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and " enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament " therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the " repairing and amending of the Roads leading from " Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through " Bowling and IVibsey to Halifax, and also the Roads " called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of , " was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wolver- Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Re-hampton and port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, Ivetsey Bank widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Roa^!11 the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, repo to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said

County, was committed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Sutton Cfae-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, ney Indosurt and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, commit-or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do make the Report from Lamport and the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- Hanging closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the several ,^,^4 ' Manors of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Mr. Pochin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been compUed with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

34 Geo. III. 30 A prills. 501

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Webster's Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Estate Bill whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, reported, and An Act to enable Mary Webster, Widow, and others, passed. to gj.ant Building and Repairing Leases of the Estates devised to them by Edward Webster, Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Glasgow, Mr. William MeDowall reported from the Com-Renfrew, and mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Park-house Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year re^rted'and ^e ^'e'gn of His present Majesty, intituled, re-com- ' " An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts,

mitted. " made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh

" Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into " the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the

‘ Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, " to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the " Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells " to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of " Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Abergavenny Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to Paving, &c. whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, Bill reported, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth; and for providing a proper Market Place, and removing the present Market House, and for repairing and altering the Water Works belonging to the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Vol. 49-

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Mr. Kemeys Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of Billpresent-His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in foil Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kerneys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premisses in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and against others, Freeholders within the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, Bill, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Commons,

Common Meadows, and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that, if certain Clauses contained in the said Bill should pass into a Law as they now stand, their Interest in the said Parish will be greatly injured and affected: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may be prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said 'N Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and South-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- newington tures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Inclosure Bill Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Southnewing- committe^-

ton, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Parker, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Clothiers Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees of the Two Cloth Bill pre-Halls in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of 8ented-York, with the Approbation of Commissioners to be named therein, to make Bye Laws and Regulations for the Preservation of the ancient Mode of carrying on the Trade between the Cloth Merchants and Cloth Manufacturers; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Bromsgrove whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Sf‘d certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as

6 M relates

502

30° Aprilis. A. 1794

relates to the Road leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ch'dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tibbington Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do make the Re-Church Bill port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking reported. down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Upton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto, was committed.

Mr. Edward Foley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tolpuddle An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands add passed. Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 14. After "Persons" to insert "other

" than and except the said Vicar " and his Successors."

Pr. 19. 1. 35- After " required" to insert " in

" the First Place to nominate " and appoint a proper Person " to be Umpire, in case they " shall not agree in the Matters to them referred, and " then."

P. 23. 1. 30. To leave out from " that" to

the End of 1. 32. and insert " then the said Umpire so appointed as aforesaid " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the BUI was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Tolpuddle, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

King's Con- Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is senttoBelton concerned in the BUI for dividing, inclosing, and im- Bill°8Ure proving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,* 1 ' 1

Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton; in the County of Rutland; which Bill was, upon the 15th Day of this Instant April, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this 'Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made, that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board such Ships, have died, and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves, in each Hundred, have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, " several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa," is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

Report respecting Bounties to Masters and Surgeons of Slave Ships,

Re-committed Bill for preventing Delay in Elections reported, and again recommitted.

Committee on Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits in the County Pala^ tine of Lancaster.

34 Ge.o. III. 300 Aprilis.

503

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow

Morning.

Newspapers Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the stamping Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rep0 ‘ to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for grant- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing certain to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ed^Hia68*' upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Majesty by Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason Attainders of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to deferred. the Descendants of such attainted Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, explain Act Upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the the Tmb of8 Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, controverted intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Elections. " Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into tire said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sugar and Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar, Rum import- an(j Rum, imported into, and exported from, Great ed ordered*^ Britain, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 31st of December 1793, with the Amount of the Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Vpt. 49-

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were Report Ex-appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, , or near piringLaws. expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1732 for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Ninth and Sixteenth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750, and, by'an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 1st Day of September 1757, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and which, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1775, and from thence to the End of the then next* Session of Parliament, and by Four other Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 1st Day of June 1793, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, on King's to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message Message of Monday last, be now read. TreatywiUi

And the said Order being read accordingly; Prussia; and

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Convention Majesty, the King of Prussia, and the States General with Holland, of The United Provinces, signed at the Hague the 19th of April 1794; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the separate Article, signed at the Hague the 19th of April 1794, by the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and the King of Prussia; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the States General of The United Provinces, signed at the Hague the 19th of April 1794; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a- Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

504

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report on re-committed Report from Committee apf'Ointed to inspect the Lords Journals in relation to Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and who wrere, upon the 5th Day of March last, appointed a Committee to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings on die Trial of the said Impeachment, and to report what they find in the said Journals to the House; and who, upon the 17th Day of March last, were instructed to report the several Matters which have occurred since the Commencement of the said Prosecution, and which have, in their Opinion, contributed to the Duration thereof to the present Time, with their Observations thereupon; That the Committee had made some Alterations in the said Report, and some Additions thereto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee has received Two Powers from the House — The First on the 5th of March 1794, to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings on the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to report what they find therein to the House.

The Second is an Instruction given on the 17th Day of the same Month of March, to this Effect: That your Committee do report to this House the several Matters which have occurred since the Commencement of the said Prosecution, and which have, in their Opinion, contributed to the Duration thereof to the present Time, with their Observations thereupon.

Your Committee is sensible that the Duration of the said Trial, and the Causes of that Duration, as well as the Matters which have therein occurred, do well merit the attentive Consideration of this House; we have therefore endeavoured, with all Diligence, to employ the Powers that have been granted, and to execute the Orders that have been given to us, and to report thereon as speedily as possible, and as fully as the Time would admit.

Your Committee has considered, First, the mere Fact, of the Duration of the Trial, which they find to have commenced on the 13th Day of February 1788, and to have continued by various Adjournments to the said 17th of March.

During that Period the Sittings of the Court have occupied One hundred and Eighteen Days, or about One Third of a Year.

The Distribution of the Sitting Days in each Year i3 as follow's:

Days.

the Court sat - - - 35

.....17

.....H

In the Year 1788,

1789,....

179°>....

1791, -

1792»....

1793. ....

1794, to the 1st of March, inclusive

D

22

22

3

Total

- 118

Your Committee then proceeded to consider the Causes of this Duration with regard to Time, as measured by the Calendar, and also as measured by the Number of Days occupied in actual Sitting.

They find, on examining the Duration of the Trial, with Reference to the Number of Years which it has lasted, that it has been owing to several Prorogations, and to One Dissolution of Parliament; to Discussions which are supposed to have arisen in the House of Peers on the Legality of the Continuance of Impeachments from Parliament to Parliament; that it has been owing to the Number and Length of the Ad-

journments of the Court; particularly the Adjournments on Account of the Circuit, which Adjournments were interposed in the Middle of the Session, and the most proper Time for Business; that it has been owing to One Adjournment, made in consequence of a Complaint of the Prisoner against One of your Managers, which took up a Space of Ten Days; that Two Days Adjournment were made on Account of the Illness of certain of the Managers, and, as far as your Committee can judge, Two Sitting Days were prevented by the sudden and unexpected Dereliction of the Defence of the Prisoner at the Close of the last Session, your Managers not having been then ready to produce their Evidence in Reply, nor to make their Observations on the Evidence produced by the Prisoner's Counsel; as they expected the Whole to have gone through before they were called on for their Reply. — In this Session your Committee computes that the Trial was delayed about a Week or Ten Days. The Lords waited for the Recovery of the Marquis Cornwallis, the Prisoner w ishing to avail himself of the Testimony of that noble Person.

With regard to the One hundred and Eighteen Days employed in actual sitting, the Distribution of the Business was in the Manner following: — There were spent,

Days.

In reading the Articles of Impeachment, and the Defendant's Answer, and in Debate on the Mode of Proceeding 3

Opening Speeches and summing up by the Managers ----- - 19

Documentary and Or4l Evidence by the Managers .....51

Opening Speeches and summing up by the Defendant's Counsel, and Defendant's Addresses to the Court - - - - 22

Documentary and Oral Evidence on the Part of the Defendant - - - - 23

118

The other Head, namely, that the Trial has occupied 118 Days, or nearly One Third of a Year — This your Committee conceives to arise from the following immediate Causes:

First, The Nature and Extent of the Matter to be tried.

Secondly, The General Nature and Quality of the Evidence produced. It was principally documentary Evidence contained in Papers of great Length, the Whole of which was often required to be read, when brought to prove a single short Fact. Under the Head of Evidence, must be taken into Consideration the Number and Description of the Witnesses examined and cross-examined.

Thirdly, and principally, The Duration of the Trial is to be attributed to Objections taken by the Prisoner's Counsel to the Admissibility of several Documents and Persons, offered as Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution. These Objections amounted to Sixty-two: They gave rise to several Debates, and to Twelve References from the Court to the Judges.

On the Part of the Managers, the Number of Objections was small; the Debates upon them were short: There was not upon them any Reference to the Judges; and the Lords did not even retire upon any of them to the Chamber of Parliament.

This last Cause of the Number of Sitting Days, your Committee considers as far more important than all the rest. The Questions upon the Admissibility of Evidence; the Manner in which these Questions were stated and were decided; the Modes of Proceeding; the great Uncertainty of the Principle upon which Evidence in that Court is to be admitted or rejected: All these appear to your Committee materially to

affect

4 Inst p.

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprils SO5

affect the Constitution of the House of Peers, as a Court of Judicature, as well as its Powers, and the Purposes it was intended to answer in the State. The Peers have a valuable Interest in the Conservation of their own lawful Privileges: But this Interest is not confined to the Lords. The Commons ought to partake in the Advantage of the Judicial Rights and Privileges of that High Court. Courts are made for the Suitors, and not the Suitors for the Court The Conservation of all other Parts of the Law, the Whole indeed of the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, ultimately depends upon the Preservation of the Law of Parliament in its original Force and Authority.

Your Committee had Reason to entertain Apprehensions, that certain Proceedings in this Trial may possibly limit and weaken the Means of carrying on any future Impeachment of the Commons. As your Committee felt these Apprehensions strongly, they thought it their Duty to begin with humbly submitting Facts and Observations, on the Proceedings concerning Evidence, to the Consideration of this House, before they proceed to state the other Matters which come within the Scope of the Directions which they have received.

To enable your Committee the better to execute the Task imposed upon them in carrying on the Impeachment of this House, and to find some Principle on which they were to order and regulate their Conduct therein, they found it necessary to look attentively to the Jurisdiction of the Court in which they were to act for this House, and into its Laws and Rules of Proceeding, as well as into the Rights and Powers of the House of Commons in their Impeachments.

RELATION of THE JUDGES, fa. to THE COURT of PARLIAMENT.

Upon Examining into the Course of Proceeding in the House of Lords, and into the Relation which-exist between the Peers on the one Hand, and their Attendants and Assistants, the Judges of the Realm, Barons of the Exchequer of the Coif, the King's learned Counsel, and the Civilians Masters of the Chancery, on the other; it appears to your Committee, that these Judges, and other Persons learned in the Common and Civil Laws, are no integrant and necessary Part of that Court. Their Writs of Summons are essentially different; and it does not appear that they or any of them have, or of Right ought to have, a deliberative Voice, either actually or virtually, in the Judgments given in the High Court of Parliament. Their Attendance in that Court is solely Ministerial; and their Answers to Questions put to them, are not to be regarded as declaratory of the Law of Parliament, but are merely consultory Responses, in order to furnish such Matter (to be submitted to the Judgment of the Peers) as may be useful in reasoning by Analogy, so far as the Nature of the Rules, in the Respective Courts of the learned Persons consulted, shall appear to the House to be applicable to the Nature and Circumstances of the Case before them, and no otherwise.

JURISDICTION THE LORDS.

Your Committee finds, That in all Impeachments of the Commons of Great Britain for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, before the Peers in the High Court of Parliament, the Peers tire not Triers or Jurors only, but by the ancient Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, known by constant Usage, are Judges both of Law and Fact; and we conceive that the Lords are bound not to act in such a Manner as Vol. 49.

to give rise to ah Opinion that they have virtually Report on submitted to a Division of their legal Powers; or that, Lords Proputting themselves into the Situation of mere Triers ^dl^t°n or Jurors, they may suffer the Evidence in the Cause jD^g Trial, to be produced or not produced before them, according to the Discretion of the Judges of the inferior Courts.

LAW of PARLIAMENT.

Your Committee finds, That the Lords in Matter of Appeal or Impeachment in Parliament, are not of Right obliged to proceed according to the Course or Rules of the Roman Civil Law, or by those of the Law or Usage of any of the inferior Courts in Westminster Hall; but by the Law of Usage of Parliament. And your Committee finds, that this has been declared in the most clear and explicit Manner by the House of Lords, in the Year of our Lord 1387 and 1388, in the Eleventh Year of King Richard the Second.

Upon an Appeal in Parliament then depending against certain great Persons, Peers and Commons, the said Appeal was referred to the Justices and other learned Persons of the Law: " At which Time " (it Rolls Pari, is said in the Record) " that the Justices and Ser- Vo,‘i11jeants, and others the learned in the Law Civil, p'

" were charged, by Order of the King our Sovereign " aforesaid, to give their faithful Counsel to the " Lords of the Parliament, concerning the due Proceedings in the Cause of the Appeal aforesaid. The " which Justices, Serjeants, and the learned in the Law " of the Kingdom, and also the learned in the Law " Civil, have taken the same into Deliberation; and "have answered to the said Lords of Parliament,

" that they had seen and well considered the Tenour " of the said Appeal; and they say, that the same " Appeal was neither made nor pleaded according to " the Order which the one Law or the other requires.

" Upon which the said Lords of Parliament have " taken the same into Deliberation and Consultation,

" and by the Assent of our said Lord the King, and.

" of their common Agreement, it was declared, that " in so high a Crime as that which is charged in this " Appeal, which touches the Person of our Lord " the King, and the State of the whole Kingdom,

" perpetrated by Persons who are Peers of the Kingdom, along with others, the Cause shall not be " tried in any other Place but in Parliament, nor

" by any other Law than the Law and Course of Parliament; and that it belongeth to the Lords of " Parliament, and to their Franchise and Liberty by " the ancient Custom of the Parliament, to be Judges " in such Cases; and in these Cases to judge by the " Assent of the King; and thus it shall be done in " this Case by the Award of Parliament: Because the " Realm of England has not been heretofore, nor is " it the Intention of our said Lord the King and the " Lords of Parliament, that it ever should be go-

" vemed by the Law Civil: And also it is their Resolution, not to rule or govern so high a Cause as " this Appeal is, which cannot be tried any where " but in Parliament, as hath been said before, by the " Course, Process, and Order used in any Courts or " Place inferior, in the same Kingdom; which Courts " and Places are not more than die Executors of the " antient Laws and Customs of the Kingdom, and of " the Ordinances and Establishments of Parliament " — It was determined by the said Lords of Parliament, by the Assent of our said Lord the King, that " this Appeal was made and pleaded well and sufficiently, and that the Process upon it is good and " effectual, according to the Law and Course of Parliament, and for such they decree and adjudge

506 30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

And. your Committee finds, That toward the Close of the same Parliament, the same Right was again claimed and admitted as the special Privilege of the Peers, Hoi.Part. in the following Manner: — " In this Parliament, all Vd. 111. " the Lords then present, Spiritual as Well as Tem-

p- 244- 7* u p0rai) claimed as their Franchise that the weighty " Matters tnoved in this Parliament, and which shall be moved in other Parliaments in future Times,

11 touching the Peers of the Land, shall be managed, x‘adjudged and discussed by the Coilrsfe of Parliament,

" and in no Sort by the Law Civil, or by the Common u Law of the Land, used in the other lower Courts of the Kingdom, which Claim, Liberty, and Franchise,

" the King graciously allowed and granted to them in " full Parliament."

Your Committee finds, That the Commons, having at that Titae considered the Appeal above-mentioned, approved the Proceedings in it; and, as far as in them lay, added the Sanction of their Accusation against the Persons who were the Objects of the Appeal. They also, immediately afterwards, im peached all the Judges of the Common Pleas, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and other learned and eminent Persons, both Peers and Commoners; upon the Conclusion of which Impeachments it was that the Second Claim was entered. In all the Transactions aforesaid, the Commons were acting Parties; yet neither then, nor ever since, have they made any Objection or Protestation that the Rule laid down by the Lords, in the Beginning of the Session of 11388, ought not to be applied to the Impeachments of Commoners as well as Peers. In many Cases they have claimed the Benefit of this Rule; and in all Cases they have acted and the Peers have determined upon the same general Principles. The Peers have always supported the same Franchises; nor are there any Precedents upon the Records of Parliament subverting either the general Rule or the Particular Privilege, so far as the same relates either to the Course of Proceeding or to the Rule of Lawr, by which the Lords are to judge.

Your Committee observes also, that in the Commissions to the several Lords High Stewards who have been appointed on the Trials of Peers impeached by the Commons, the Proceedings are directed to be had according to the Law and Custom of the Kingdom, and the Custom of Parliament; which W ords are not to be found in the Commissions for trying upon Indictments.

4 Inst. p. 15. " As every Court of Justice" (says Lord Coke)

" hath Laws and Customs for its Direction, some by " the Common Law, some by the Civil and Canon " Law, some by peculiar Laws and CustoTns, &c. So " the High Court of Parliament, propriis " <§ consuetudinibus subIt is by the Lex 8$ Consuetudo Parliamenti that all weighty Matters in any

" Parliament moved, concerning the Peers of the " Realm, or Commons in Parliament assembled,

" ought to be determined, adjudged, and discussed " by the Course of the Parliament, and not by the " Civil Law, nor yet by the Common Laws of this " Realm used in more inferior Courts." — And after founding himself on this very Precedent of the 11 th of Richard II. he adds, " This is the Reason that " Judges ought not to give any Opinion of a Matter of " Parliament, because it is not to be decided by the Common Laws, but secundum legem Parliamenti: And so the Judges in divers Parliaments " have confessed."

RULE PLEADING.

Your Committee do not find, that any Rules of Pleading, as observed in the inferior Courts, have ever obtained in the Proceedings of the High Court of Parliament, in a Cause or Matter in which the whole Procedure has been within their original Jurisdiction. Nor does your Committee find, that any Demurrer or Exception, as of false or erroneous Pleading, hath been ever admitted to any Impeachment in Parliament, as not coming within the Form of the Pleading; and although a Reservation or Protest is made by the Defendant (Matter of Form, as we conceive) ‘ to the Generality, Uncertainty,- and In- sufficiency of the Articles of Impeachment;' yet no Objections have, in Fact, been ever made in any Part of the Record; and when verbally they have been made (until this Trial) they have constantly been overruled.

The Trial of Lord Strafforde is one of the most important iEras in the History of Parliamentary Ju- i6Ch.L dicature. In that Trial, and in the Dispositions made 1640. preparatory to it, the Process on Impeachments was, on great Consideration, Research, and Selection of Precedents, brought very nearly to the Form which it retains at this Day; and great and important Parts of Parliamentary Law were then laid down. The Commons at that Time made new Charges, or amended the old, as they saw Occasion. Upon an Appli-i cation from the Commons to the Lords, that the Examinations taken by their Lordships, at their Request, might be delivered to them, for the Purpose of a more exact Specification of the Charge they had made, on delivering the Message of the Commons, Mr. Pim, amongst other Things, said, as it is entered in the Lords Journals, " According to the Clause of Reservation Lords Joarin the Conclusion of their Charge, they (the Com- nals, Vol.lV. mons) " will add to the Charges, not to the Matter P*1^3*

" in respect of Comprehension, Extent, or Kind, but " only to reduce them to more Particularities, that " the Earl of Strafforde might answer with the mor$

" Clearness and Expedition — not that they are bound " by this Way of SPECIAL Chargeand therefore " they have taken Care in their House, upon Protestation,

" that this shall be no Prejudice to bind them from pro~

" ceeding in GENERAL in other Cases, and that they " are not to be ruled by Proceedings in other Courts,

" which Protestation they have made for the Preservation of the Power of Parliament; and they desire that " the like Care may be had in your Lordships House."

This Protestation is entered on the Lords Journal?.

Thus careful were the Commons that no Exactness used by them for a temporary Accommodation, should become an Example derogatory to the larger Rights of Parliamentary Process.

At length the Question of their being obliged to conform to any of the Rules below came to a formal Judgment. In the Trial of Dr. Sacheverell, March 1 oth 1709, the Lord Nottingham " desired their Lord- Lords Mrships Opinion, whether he might propose a Question nals, Vol.

" to the Judges here [in Westminster ] Thereupon XIX> P*98'

" the Lords being moved to adjourn, adjourned to the " House of Lords, and on Debate [as appears by a Note] it was agreed, that the Question " should be proposed in Westminster Hall." Accordingly, when the Lords returned the same Day into the Hall, the Question was put by Lord Nottingham, and stated to the Judges by the Lord Chancellor.

" Whether by the Law of England, and constant " Practice in all Prosecutions by Indictment and Informotion, for Crimes and Misdemeanors, by writing or " speaking, the particular Words supposed to be written " or spoken must not be expressly specified in the Indictment or Information."

On this Question, the Judges, seriatim, and in open Court, delivered their Opinion: The Substance of which was, " That by the Laws of England, and the " constant Practice in Westminster Hall, the Words " ought to be expressly specified in the Indictment or.

" Information."

Then the Lords adjourned, and did not come into

the

p. 116.

p. 121.

Lords Journals, Vol. XIX. p. 106,

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

507

the Hall until the 20th. In the intermediate Time they came to Resolutions on the Matter of the- Question' put to the Judges. Dr. being found

fiilty, moved in Arrest of Judgment upon Two oints: — The First, which he grounded on the Opinion of the Judges, and which your Committee thinks most to the present Purpose was, " That no intire " Clause, or Sentence, or Expression, in either of his " Sermons or Dedications, is particularly set forth " in his Impeachment, which he has already heard " the Judges declare to be necessary in all Cases of " Indictments or Informations.

On this Head of Objection, the Lord Chancellor, on the 23d of March, agreeably to the Resolutions of the Lords of the 14th and 16th of March, acquainted Dr. Sacheverell:

" That on Occasion of the Question before put to " the Judges in Westminster Hall, and their Answer " thereto, their Lordships had fully debated and considered of that Matter, and had come to the following Resolution:

" That this House will proceed to the Determination of the Impeachment of Dr. Henry Sacheverell, " according to the Law of tilt Land, and the Law and " Usage of Parliament.

" And afterwards to this Resolution:

" That by the Law and Usage of Parliament in Prosecutions for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, by " writing or speaking, the particular. Words, supposed to be criminal, are not necessary to be expressly " specified in such Impeachment.

" So that, in their Lordships Opinion, the Law and " Usage of the High Court of Parliament, being a Part " of the Law of the Land, and that Usage not requiring that Words should be exactly specified in Impeachments, the Answer of the Judges, which related only to the Course of Indictments and Informations, does not in the least affect your Case."

On this solemn Judgment concerning the Law and Usage of Parliament, it is to be remarked; First, that the Impeachment itself is not to be presumed in-artificially drawn. It appears to have been the Work of some of the greatest Lawyers of the Time, who were perfectly versed, in the Manner of Pleading in the Courts below; and would naturally have imitated their Course, if they had not been justly fearful of setting an Example, which might hereafter subject the Plainness end Simplicity of a Parliamentary Proceeding to the technical Subtilties of the inferior Courts: Secondly, That the Question put to the Judges, and their Answer, were strictly confined to the Law and Practice below; and that nothing in either had a Tendency to their delivering an Opinion concerning Parliament, its Laws, its Usages, its Course of Proceedings, or its Powers: Thirdly, that the Motion in Arrest of Judgment, grounded on the Opinion of the Judges, was made only by Dr. Sacheverell himself, and not by his Counsel, Men of great Skill and Learning, who, jf they thought the Objections had any Weight, would undoubtedly have made and argued them.

Here, as in the Case of the 11th King Richard the Second, the Judges declared unanimously, That such an Objection would be fatal to such a Pleading in any Indictment or Information: But the Lords, as on the former Occasion, over-ruled this Objection, and held the Article to be. good and valid, notwithstanding the Report of the Judges concerning the Mode of Proceeding in the Courts below.

Your Committee finds, that a Protest, with Reasons at large, was entered by several Lords against this Determination of their Court. It is always an Advantage to those who protest, that their Reasons appear upon Record; whilst the Reasons of the Majority who determine the Question do not appear. This would be a Disadvantage of such Importance, Vol. 49.

as greatly to impair, if hot totally destroy, the Effect Report oh of Precedent as Authority, if the Reasons which pre- Lo"fsl>ro-vailed were not justly presumed to be more valid than 5^ those which have been obliged to give Way; the for- ings'aTrial, mer having governed the final and conclusive Decision of a competent Court But your Committee, combining the Fact of this Decision with the early Decision just quoted, and with the total Absence of any Precedent of an Objection, before that Time or since, allowed to Pleading, or what has any Relation to the Rules and Principles of Pleading as used in Westminster Hall, has no Doubt that the House of Lords was governed in the 9th of Anne by the very same Principles which it had solemnly declared, in the 1 ith of Richard the Second.

But besides the Presumption in Favour of the Reasons which must be supposed to have produced this solemn Judgment of the Peers, contrary to the Prac* tice of the Courts below, as declared by all the Judges — it is probable, that the Lords were unwilling to take a Step, which might admit that any Thing in that Practice should be received as their Rule.

It must be observed, however, that the Reasons against the Article, alledged in the Protest, were by no Means solely bottomed in the Practice of the Courts below, as if the main Reliance of the Protesters was upon that Usage. The protesting Minority maintained, that it was not agreeable to several Precedents in Parliament; of which they cited many in Favour of their Opinion. — It appears by the Journals, that the Clerks were ordered, to search for Precedents, and a Committee of Peers was appointed to inspect the said Precedents, and to report upon them, — and that they did inspect and report accordingly. But the Report is not entered on the Journals. It is, however, to be presumed, that the greater Number and the better Precedents supported the Judgment.

Allowing, however, their utmost Force to the Precedents there cited, they could serve only to prove, that in the Case of Words (to which alone, and not the Case of a written Libel, the Precedents extended) such a special Averment, according to the Tenor* of the Words, had been used; but not that it was necessary, or that ever any Plea had been rejected upon such an , Objection.

As to the Course of Parliament, resorted to for Authority in this Part of the Protest, the Argument seems rather to affirm than to deny the general Proposition, that its owm Course, and not that of the inferior Courts had been the Rule and Law of Parliament.

As to the Objection taken in the Protest, drawn state Trial*, from natural Right, the Lords knew, and it appears Vol. V. in the Course of the Proceeding, that the Whole of the Libel had been read at Length, as appears from P. 655 to P. 666. So that Dr. Sacheverell had substantially the same Benefit of any Thing which could be alledged in the Extenuation or Exculpation, as if his libellous Sermons had been entered verbatim upon the recorded Impeachment It was adjudged sufficient to state the Crime generally in the Impeachment.

The Libels were given in Evidence-, and it was not then thought of, that nothing should be given in Evidence which was not specially charged in the Impeachment.

But whatever their Reasons were (great and grave they were, no Doubt) such, as your Committee has stated it, is the Judgment of the Peers on the Law of Parliament, as a Part of the Law of the Land. It is the more forcible, as concurring with the Judgment in the 11th of Richard the Second, and with the total Silence of the Rolls and Journals concerning any Objection to Pleading ever being suffered to vitiate an Impeachment, or to prevent Evidence being given upon it on Account of its Generality, or any other Failure.

Your

Statutes it large, from is Ed. I. to 16 and 17 Ch. II.

7 W. III.

Ch. 3-Sect. 12.

State Trials, Vol. VI. f. 17.

508 30° Aprilis. A. 1794,

Your Committee do not think it probable that, even before this Adjudication, the Rules of Pleading below could ever have been adopted in a Parliamentary Proceeding, when it is considered that the several Statutes of Jeofails, not less than Twelve in Number, have been made for the Correction of an Over-strictness in Pleading, to the Prejudice of substantial Justice: Yet. in no one of these is to be discovered the least Mention of any Proceeding in Parliament There is no Doubt, that the Legislature would have applied its Remedy to that Grievance in Parliamentary Proceedings, if it had found those Proceedings embarrassed with what Lord Mansfield, from the Bench, and speaking of the Matter of these Statutes, very justly calls " disgraceful " Subtilties."

What is still more strong to the Point, your Committee finds, that, in the 7th of William the Third, an Act was made for the regulating of Trials for Treason and Misprision of Treason, containing several Regulations for Reformation of Proceedings at Law, both as to Matters of Form and Substance, as well as relative to Evidence. It is an Act thought most essential to the Liberty of the Subject; yet in this high and critical Matter, so deeply affecting the Lives, Properties, Honours, and even the inheritable Blood of the Subject, the Legislature was so tender of the High Powers of this High Court, deemed so necessary for the Attainment of the great Objects of its Justice, so fearful of enervating any of its Means, or circumscribing any of its Capacities, even by Rules and Restraints the most necessary for the inferior Courts, that they guarded against it by an express Proviso, " That neither this Act, nor any Thing therein contained, shall any Ways extend to any Impeachment " or other Proceedings in Parliament in any Kind " whatsoever"

CONDUCT of THE COMMONS in PLEADING.

This Point being thus solemnly adjudged in the Case of Dr Sackeverell, and the Principles of the Judg-

ment being in Agreement with the whole Course of Parliamentary Proceedings, the Managers for this House have ever since considered it as an indispensable Duty, to assert the same Principle in all its La* titude upon all Occasions on which it could come in Question — and to assert it with an Energy, Zeal, and Earnestness, proportioned to the Magnitude and Importance of the Interest of the Commons of Great Britain in the Religious Observation of the Rule, that the Law of Parliament, and the Law of Parliament only, should prevail tnthe Trial of their Impeachments.

In the Year 1715 (1 Geo. I.) the Commons thought proper to impeach of High Treason the Lords, who had entered into the Rebellion of that Period. This was about Six Years after the Decision in the Case of Sackeverell. On the Trial of One of these Lords (the Lord Wintoun) after Verdict, the Prisoner moved in Arrest of Judgment, and excepted against the Impeachment for Error, on Account of the Treason therein laid " not being described with sufficient Certainty — u the Day on which the Treason was committed not " having been alledged." His Counsel was heard to this Point They contended, that the Forfeitures ‘ in Cases of Treason are very great; and therefore

they humbly conceived, that the Accusation ought

to contain all the Certainty it is capable of; that the ‘ Prisoner may not by general Allegations be rendered incapable to defend himself in a Case, which may prove fatal to him. That they would not trou-‘ ble their Lordships with citing Authorities; for ‘ they believed there is not One Gentleman of the

Long Robe but will agree that an Indictment for ‘ any Capital Offence to be erroneous, if the Offence

be not alledged to be committed on a certain Day.'

" — That this Impeachment set forth only that in of " about the Months of September, October, or November 1715" — the Offence charged in the Impeach-‘ ment had been committed. The Counsel argued ‘ that a Proceeding by Impeachment is a Proceeding

at the Common Law, for Lex Parliamentaria is a ‘ Part of Common Law, and they submitted whether

there is not the same Certainty required in One ‘ Method of proceeding at Common Law as in

another.'

The Matter was argued elaborately and learnedly, not only on the general Principles of the Proceedings below, but on the Inconvenience and possible Hardships attending this Uncertainty. They quoted Sacheverell's, Case, in whose Impeachment " the precise " Days were laid when the Doctor preached each of " these Two Sermons: And that by a like Reason a " certain Day ought to be laid in the Impeachment " when this Treason was committed; and that the " Authority of Dr. Sackeverell's Case seemed so much " stronger than the Case in Question, as the Crime " of Treason is higher than that of a Misdemeanor."

Here the Managers fdT the Commons brought the Point a Second Time to an Issue, and that on the highest of Capital Cases; an Issue, the Event of which was to determine for ever, whether their Impeachments were to be regulated by the Law, as understood and observed in the inferior Courts. — Upon the Usage below there was no Doubt; the Indictment would unquestionably have been quashed; — but the Managers for the Commons stood forth upon this Occasion with a determined Resolution, and no less than Four of them seriatim rejected the Doctrine contended for by Lord Wintoutis Counsel. They were all eminent Members of Parliament, and Three of them great and eminent Lawyers, namely, the theh Attorney General, Sir William Thompson, and Mr. Cowper.

Mr. Walpole said " Those learned Gentlemen (Lord Wintoun s, Counsel) seem to forget in what Court they are. They have taken up so much of your Lordships " Time in quoting of Authorities, and using Arguments to shew your Lordships what would quash " an Indictment in the Courts below, that they seemed " to forget they are now in a Court of Parliament, and " on an Impeachment of the Commons of Great Britain. " For, should the Commons admit all that they have " offered, it will not follow that the Impeachment of " the Commons is insufficient; and I must observe " to your Lordships, that neither of the learned Gentlemen have offered to produce One Instance relative to an Impeachment; I mean to shew that the " Sufficiency of an Impeachment was never called in " Question for the Generality of the Charge, or that " any Instance of that Nature was offered at before. " The Commons don't conceive, that, if this Exception would quash an Indictment, it would therefore make the Impeachment insufficient. I hope it " never will be allowed here as a Reason, that what " quashes an Indictment in the Courts below, will " make insufficient an Impeachment brought by the Commons of Great Britain."

The Attorney General supported Mr. Walpole in Affirmance of this Principle. He said: " I would " follow the Steps of the learned Gentleman who " spoke before me, and I think he has given a good " Answer to these Objections. I would take Notice " that we are upon an Impeachment, not upon an Indictment. The Courts below have set Forms to " themselves, which have prevailed for a long Course " of Time, and thereby are become the Forms by " which those Courts are to govern themselves; but " it never was thought that the Forms of those Courts " had any Influence on the Proceedings of Parliament. In Richard the Second's Time, it is said in the Records of Parliament, that Proceedings in Parliament

34 Geo. III.

30° Apfilis.

509

" Parliament are not to be governed by the Forms " of Westminster Hall. We are in the Case of an Impeachment, and in the Court of Parliament Your " Lordships have already given Judgment against Six " upon this Impeachment, and it is warranted by the " Precedents in Parliament; therefore we insist that the " Articles are good in Substance."

Mr. Cowper — " They (the Counsel) cannot but know " that the Usages of Parliaments are Part of the Laws " of the Land, although they differ in many Instances " from the Common Law, as practised in the inferior " Courts, in Point of Form.

" My Lords, if the Commons, in preparing a Articles of Impeachment, should govern themselves " by Precedents of Indictments, in my humble " Opinion they would depart from the ancient, nay,

" the constant Usage and Practice of Parliament. It " is well known that the Form of an Impeachment' " has very litde Resemblance to that of an Indictment: And I believe the Commons will endeavour " to preserve the Difference, by adhering to their own " Precedents."

Sir William Thompson — " We must refer to the " Forms and Proceedings in the Court of Parliament, and which must, be owned to be Part of the " Law of the Land. It has been mentioned already " to your Lordships, that the Precedents in Impeachments are not so nice and precise in Form as in the " 'inferior Courts; and we presume your Lordships " will be governed by the Forms of your own Court " (especially Forms mat are not essential to Justice) <c as the Courts below are by theirs; which Courts " differ One from the Other in many Respects as to " their Forms of Proceedings, and the Practice of " each Court is esteemed as the Law of that " Court."

The Attorney General, in Reply, maintained his first Doctrine — " There is no Uncertainty in it that can be " to the Prejudice of the Prisonerwe insist it is according to the Forms of Parliament — he has pleaded " to it, and your Lordships have found him guilty."

The Opinions of the Judges were taken in the House of Lords on the 19th of March 1715, upon Two Questions which had been argued in Arrest of Judgment, grounded chiefly on the Practice of the Courts below.

To the first the Judges answered: " It is necessary " that there be a certain Day laid in such Indictments " on which the Fact is alledged to be committed; and that alledging in such Indictments that the Fact was committed at or about a certain Day, would not be sufficient."

To the Second they answered:

" That although a Day certain, when the Fact is " supposed to be done, be alledged in such Indictments, yet it is not necessary upon the Trial to prove " the Fact to be committed upon that Day; but it A " sufficient if proved to be done on any other Day before " the Indictment found."

Then it was " agreed by the House, and ordered, " that the Lord High Steward be directed to acquaint " the Prisoner at the Bar in Westminster Hall,

" That the Lords have considered of the Matters " moved in arrest of Judgment, and are of Opinion, " that they are not sufficient to arrest the same, but Lords Jour- " that the Impeachment is sufficiently certain in Point' uals, vol.xx. of Time according to the Form of Impeachments in P- 3x6, „ Parliament."

On this final Adjudication (given after solemn Argument, and after taking the Opinion of the Judges) in Affirmance of the Law of Parliament against the undisputed Usage of the Courts below, your Committee has to remark, 1st. The Preference of the Custom of Parliament to the Usage below. By the very Latitude of the Charge, the Parliamentary Accusation gives the Prisoner fair Notice to prepare himself upon Vot. 49.

all Points; whereas there seemS something ensnaring Report on in the Proceedings upon Indictment, which fixing the k*j!s Specification of a Day certain for the Treason or ^jr Hast- Felony as absolutely necessary in the Charge, gives fogs'. Trial. Notice for Preparation only on t whilst the Prosecutor has the whole Range of Time antecedent to the Indictment to alledge, and give Evidehcd of Facts against the Prisoner. It has been usual, particularly in later Indictments, to add, " at several other " Times;" But the Strictness of naming one Day is still necessary, and the Want of the larger Words would not quash the Indictment. 2dly. A Comparison of the extreme Rigour and Exactness required in the more formal Part of the Proceeding (the Indictment) with the extreme Laxity used in the substantial Part (that is to say, the Evidence received to provd the Fact) fully demonstrates that the Partizans of those Forms would put Shackles on the High Court of Parliament with which they are not willing, or find it wholly impracticable, to bind themselves. 3dly.

That the Latitude of Departure from the Letter of the Indictment (which holds in other Matters besides this) is in Appearance much more contrary to natural Justice than any Thing which has been objected against the Evidence offered by your Managers, under a Pretence that it exceeded the Limits of Pleading. For in the Case of Indictments below, it must be admitted that the Prisoner may be unprovided with Proof of ari Alibi, and other material Means of Defence, or may find some Matters unlooked-for produced against him, by Witnesses utterly unknown to him: Whereas hothing was offered to be given in Evidence under any of the Articles of this Impeachment, except such as the PriJ soner must have had perfect Knowledge of, the Whole consisting of Matters sent over by himself to the Court of Directors, and authenticated under his own Hand.

No substantial Injustice or Hardship of any Kind could arise from our Evidence under our Pleading — whereas in theirs, very great and serious Inconveniencies might well happen.

Your Committee has further to observe, that in the Case of Lord Wintoun, as in the Case of Dr the Commons had in theft Managers Persons abundantly practised in the Law as used in the inferior Jurisdictions, who could easily have followed the Precedents of Indictments — if they had not pufposely, and for the best Reasons, avoided such Precedents.

A great Writer on the Criminal Law, Justice ,- Discourse in One of his Discourses, fully recognizes those Prin- IV. p. 389. ciples for which your Managers have contended, and which have to this Time been uniformly observed in Parliament. In a very elaborate Reasoning oh the Case of a Trial in Parliament, (the Trial of those who had murdered Edward the Second) he observes thus; " It is well biown that in Parliamentary Proceedings of this Kind it is, and ever was, sufficient " that Matters appear with proper Light and Certainty to a common Understanding, without that " minute Exactness which is required in Criminal " Proceedings in Westminster Hall. In these Cases the " Rule has always b^en loquendum at vulgusf And in a Note he says, " In the Proceeding against Mortimer in this Parliament, so little Regard was had to " the Forms used in legal Proceedings, that he who had " been frequently summoned to Parliament'as a Baron,

" and had lately been created Earl of March, is stiled " through the whole Record, merely Roger de Mortimer."

The Departure from the common Forms in the Pari. Rolls, First Case alluded to by Foster, viz. the Trial of Vol.H. p.57. Berkley, Mautravers, &c. for Treason, in the Murder 4 Ed-IU-of Edward the Second, might be more plausibly at- A D‘ 133°‘ tacked, because they were tried, though in Parliament, by a Jury of Freeholders; which Circumstance might have given Occasion to justify a nearer Approach to the Forms of Indictments below — But no such Forms

6 O

were

*4

516

30° Aprilis,

A; 1794:

Report on M'ere observed, nor in die Opinion of this able Judge

ceedin^on ought they to have been observed.

Mr. Ratings'* Trial.

PUBLICITY iff the JUDGES OPINIONS.

It appears tbyour Committee, That from the 30th Year of King Charles the Second, until the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in all Trials in Parliament, as well upon Impeachments of the Commons as on Indictments brought up by Certiorari, when any Matter of Law hath been agitated at the Bar, or in the Course of Trial hath been stated by any Lord in the Court, it hath been the prevalent Custom to state the same in open Court. Your Committee has been able to find, since that Period, no more than One Precedent (and that a Precedent rather in Form than in Substance) of the Opinions of the Judges being taken privately, except when the Case on both Sides has been closed, and the Lords have retired to consider of their Verdict, or of their Judgment thereon. Upon the soundest and best Precedents, the Lords have improved on the Principles of Publicity and Equality, and have called upon the Parties severally to argue the Matter of Law, previously to a Reference to the Judges; who, on their Parts, have afterwards, in open Court, delivered their Opinions, often by the Mouth of One of the Judges, speaking for himself and the rest, and in their Presence: And sometimes all the Judges have delivered their Opinion seriatim (even when they have been unanimous in it) together with their Reasons upon which their Opinion had been founded. This, from the most early Times, has been the Course in all Judgments in the House of Peers. Formerly even the Record contained the Reasons of the Coke, Inst. 4. Decision. " The Reason wherefore (said Lord Coke) p. 3. ‘ the Records of Parliaments have been so highly ex-

" tolled is, that therein is set down, in Cases of Difficulty, not only the Judgment and Resolution, " but the Reasons and Causes of the same by so great Advice."

state Trial*, 30th of Charles the Second, during the Trial

Vol. II- of Lord Cornwallis on the Suggestion of a Question p. 725- in Law to the Judges, Lord demanded of the

A.D. 1678. Lord High Steward, the Earl of Nottingham, " Whether it would be proper here (in open Court) to ask " the Question of your Grace, or to propose it to the 0 Judges?"

The Lord High Steward answered, " If your Lordships doubt of any Thing whereon a Question in " Law ariseth, the latter Opinion, and the better for " the Prisoner is — that it must be stated in the Presence "of the Prisoner, that he may know whether the " lion be truly put." — It hath sometimes been practised " otherwise; and the Peers have sent for the Judges, " and have asked their Opinion in private, and have " come back and have given their Verdict according " to that Opinion, and there is scarcely a Precedent of " its being otherwise done. There is a later Authority "in Print that doth settle the Point so as I tell you — " and I do conceive ought to be followed', and it " being safer for the Prisoner, my humble Opinion " to your Lordship is — that he ought to be present " at the stating of the Question. Caff the —

The Prisoner, who had withdrawn, again appearing, he said, .

" My Lord Cornwallis, and my Lords the Peers, " since they have withdrawn, have conceived a Doubt " in some Matter of Fact in your Case; and they have " that tender Regard of a Prisoner at the Bar, that they " will not suffer a Case to be put up in his Absence, lest " it should chance to prejudice him by being wrong " stated." Accordingly the Question was both put, and the Judges Answer given publicly and in his Presence.

Very soon altef the Trial df Lord Cornwallis, the Impeachment against Lord Stafford was brought to a Hearing, that is, in the 32d of Charles the Second.

In that Case the Lord at the Bar having stated a Point of Law, " touching the Necessity of Two Witnesses to " ah overt Act in case of Treason;" the Lord High Steward told Lord Stafford, that " all the Judges that " assist them, and are here in your Lordship's Presence " and Hearing, should deliver their Opinions, whether " it be doubtful and disputable, or not." — Accordingly the Judges delivered their Opinion, and each argued it (though they were all agreed) seriatim and in open Court.

Another abstract Point of Law was also proposed from the Bar on the same Trial, concerning the legal Sentence in High Treason; and m the same Manner the State Trials, Judges on Reference delivered their Opinion in open Vol. III. Court; and no Objection was taken to it, as any Thing p- 212‘ new or irregular.

In the 1st of James the Second, came on a remarkable Trial of a Peer; the Trial of Lord Delamere. On that Occasion a Question of Law was stated. There also, in Conformity to the Precedents and Principles given on the Trial of Lord Cornwallis, and the Precedent in the Impeachment of Lord Stafford, the then Lord High Steward took Care that the Opinion of the Judges should be given in open Court.

Precedents grounded on Principles so favourable to the Fairness and Equity of Judicial Proceedings, given in the Reigns of Charles the Second and James the Second, were not likely to be abandoned after the Resolution. The first Trial of a Peer, which we find after the Resolution, was that of the Earl of Warwick.

In the Case of the Earl of Warwick, 11 Will. III. a State Trials, Question in Law upon Evidence was put to thq Vol. V« Judges; the Statement of the Question was made.in P,l69* open Court by the Lord High Steward, Lord Somers:

If there be Six in Company, and One of them is " killed, the other Five are afterwards indicted, and,

" Three are tried and found guilty of Manslaughter*

" and upon their Prayers have their Clergy allowed,

" and the burning in the Hand is respited, but not " pardoned, whether any of the Three can be a Witness on the Trial of the other Two." Lord Halifax — " I suppose your - Lordship will have the Opinion of the Judges upon this Point.; and that must " be in the Presence of the Prisoner." Lord High Steward (Lord Somers) " It must certainly be in the

Presence of the Prisoner, if you ask the Judges Opi-M nions."

In the same Year, Lord Mohun was brought to Trial upon an Indictment for Murder. In this single Trial a greater Number of Questions was put to the Judges in Matter of Law, than probably was ever referred to, the Judges in all the collective Body of Trials, before^ or since that Period. That Trial, therefore, furnishes, the largest Body of authentic Precedents in this Point* to be found in the* Records of Parliament. The Num- State Tria] ber of Questions put to the Judges in this Trial was Vol.lV.from Twenty-three. They all originated from the Peers, p. 538 to.551. themselves; yet the Court called upon the Party's,

Counsel, as often as Questions were proposed to be referred to the Judges, as wdl as on the Counsel for the Crown, to argue every One of them before they went to those learned Persons. Many of the Questions accordingly were argued at the Bar at great Length. The Opinions were given and argued in open Court. Peers frequently insisted that the Judges should give their Opinions seriatim, which they did always publicly in the Court, with great Gravity and Dignity, and greatly to the Illustration of the Law, as they held and acted upon it in their own Courts.

In Sacheverell's Case (just cited for another Purpose) the Earl of Nottingham demanded whether he might not propose a Question of Law to the Judges -

§4 Geo. III. 30° Ap £l l

in open Court. It was agreed to; and the Judges gave their Answer in open Cthough this was after Verdict given: Ana in Consequence of the Advantage afforded to the Prisoner in hearing Me Opinion of the ' Judges he was thereupon enabled to move in Arrest of

Judgment

The next Precedent which your Committee finds of a Question put by the Lords, sitting as a Court of Judicature, to the Judges pending the Trial, was in Lords Jour- the 20th of George the Second; when Lord Balmerino, nah^Vol.lX. ,wjj0 was tried on an Indictment for High Treason, Lunse 28 July having raised a Doubt, whether the Evidence proved 1746. him to be at the Place assigned for the overt Act of Treason on the Day laid in the Indictment. The Point was argued at the Bar by the Counsel for the Crown in the Prisoner's Presence, and for his Satisfaction. The Prisoner, on hearing the Argument, Waived his Objection, but the then Lord President tnoving their Lordships to adjourn to the Chamber of Parliament, the Lords adjourned accordingly; and after some Time, returning into Westminster Hall — the Lord High Steward (Lord Hardwicke) said, " Your *( Lordships were pleased, in the Chamber of Parliament, to come to a Resolution, that the Opinion of " the learned and reverend Judges should be taken on the following Question, namely, Whether it is necessary, that an overt Act of High Treason should " be proved to have been committed on the particular " Day laid in the Indictment? Is it your Lordships " Pleasure, that the Judges do now give their Opinion ♦* on that Question ?

" Lords. — Aye, aye.

uLord High Steward — My Lord Chief Justice!

Lord Chief Lord Chief Justice,

Justice Lee. > The Question proposed by your Lordships is,

H Whether it be necessary that an overt Act of High Treason should be proved to be committed on the

particular Day laid in the Indictment ?

" We are all of Opinion, that it is not necessary to prove the overt Act to be committed on the particular " Day laid in the Indictment — but as Evidence may be " given of an overt Act before the Day, so it may be " after the Day specified in the Indictment — for the

Day laid is Circumstance and Form only, and not material in Point of Proof, this is the known constant " Course of Proceeding in Trials."

Here the Case was made for the Judges, for the Satisfaction of One of the Peers, after the Prisoner had waived his Objection. Yet it was thought proper, as a Matter of Course and of Right, that the Judges should state the Question put to them in the open Court, and in Presence of the Prisoner — and that in the same open Manner, and in the same Presence, their Answer should be delivered.

Your Committee concludes their Precedents begun under Lord Nottingham and ended under Lord Hardwicke. They are of Opinion, that a Body of Precedents so uniform, so accordant with Principle, made in such Times, and under the Authority of a Succession of such great Men, ought not to have been St. Trials departed from. The single Precedent to the contrary, Vol. II. ' to which your Committee has alluded above, was on p. 262. the Trial of the Dutchess of , in the Reign of

His present Majesty. But in that Instance, the Reasons of the Judges were, by Order of the House, delivered in Writing, and entered at Length on the Journals; so that the legal Principle of the Decision is equally to be found, which is not the Case in any One Instance of the present Impeachment.

The Earl of Nottingham, in Lord s

Case, conceived, though it was proper and agreeable to Justice, that this Mode of putting Questions to the Judges, and receiving their Answer in public, was not supported by former Precedents: But, he thought, a Book of Authority had declared in Favour of this Course.

Voi» 49.

Your Committee is very sensible, that antecedent Report on to the great Period to which they refer, there are In- Lords Pro-stances of Questions having been put to the Judges ^edujgson privately. But we find the Principle of Publicity in^>sT,^ai. (whatever Variations from it there might be in Practice) to have been so clearly established at a more early Period, that all the Judges of England resolved, in Lord Morley's Trial, in the Year 1666 (about Twelve Years before the Observation of Lord Nottingham,) ori a Supposition, that the Trial should be actually concluded, and the Lords retired to the Chamber of Parliament to consult on their Verdict, that even in that Case (much stronger than the Observation of your Committee requires for its Support) if their Opinions should then be demanded by the Peers, for the Information of then1 private Conscience, yet they determined that they should be given in public. This Resolution is in itself so solemn, and is so bottomed on Constitutional Principle, and legal Policy, that your Committee have thought fit to insert it verbatim, in their Report, as they relied upon it at the Bar of the Court, when they contended for the same Publicity.

" It was resolved, That in case the Peers who are " Triers after the Evidence given, and the Prisoner " withdrawn, and they gone to consult of the Verdict,

" should desire to speak with any of the Judges, to " have their Opinion upon any Point of Law, that " if the Lord Steward spoke to us to go, we should " go to them. But when the Lords asked us any " Question, we should not deliver any private Opi-

x‘ nion; but let them know, we were not to deliver

"any private Opinion without Conference with the rest Kelyngei " of the Judges, and that to be done openly in Court; Report,

" and this (notwithstanding the Precedent the Case of P- 54'

" the Earl of Castlehaven) was'thoug in re-

" gard of ourselves, as well as for the avoiding Suspicion " which might grow by private Opinions — ALL Resolutions of Judges being ALWAYS done in public."

The Judges in this Resolution over-ruled The Authority of the Precedent, which militated against the whole Spirit of their Place and Profession. Their Declaration was without Reserve or Exception, that " all Resolutions of the Judges are always done in " public." — These Judges (as should be remembered to their lasting Honour) did not think it derogatory from their Dignity, nor from their Duty to the House of Lords, to take such Measures concerning the Pub1 licity of their Resolutions, as should secure them from Suspicion. They knew that the mere Circumstance o'f Privacy in a Judicature, where any Publicity i5 in Use, tends to beget Suspicion and Jealousy. — Ytfur Committee is of Opinion, that the Honourable' Policy of avoiding Suspicion, by avoiding Privacy, is not lessened by any Thing which exists in the present Time, and in the present Trial.

Your Committee has h£r$'lo remark, that this learned Judge seemed to think the Case of Lord Audley [ Castlehaven] to be more against him, than its

Truth it was. The Precedents were as follow: The Rosbworth, Opinions of the Judges were taken Three Times. The Vol. II. p.93. First Time by the Attorney General at Serjeant's Inn, 94,95, ioo-antecedent to the Trial — The last Time, after the Peers had retired to Consult on their Verdict — The middle Time, was during the Trial itself; and here the Opinion was taken in open Court, agreeably to what your Committee contends to have been the Usage ever since this Resolution of the Judges. What was done before seemed to have passed sub silentio, and possibly through mere Inadvertence.

Your Committee observes, That the Precedents by them relied on, were furnished from Times in which the Judicial Proceedings in Parliament, and in all our Courts, had obtained a very regular Form. They were furnished at & Period in which, Justice

remarks, that more Laws were passed, of Importance to rite Rights and Liberties of the Subject, than in £ any

512

30° Ap.

A. 1794.

Report on any other. These Precedents lean all oue Way, and Pro* cany no Marks of Accommodation to the variable Mr. HMt-° Spirit of the Times, and of political Occasions. They inge'e Tried, ate the same before and after the Resolution. They are the same through Five Reigns. The great Men 'who presided in the Tribunals which furnished these Examples were in opposite political Interests, but all distinguished for their Ability, Integrity, and Learning.

The Earl of Nottingham, who was the First on the Bench to promulgate this Publicity as a Rule, has not left us to seek the Principle in the Case: That vety learned Man considers the Publicity of the Questions and Answers as a Matter of Justice, and of Justice favourable to the Prisoner. In the Case of Mr. Hastings the Prisoner's Counsel did not join your Committee in their Endeavours to obtain the Publicity we demanded. Their Reasons we can only conjecture. But your Managers, acting for this House, were not the less bound, to see mat the due Parliamentary Course should be pursued, even when it is most favourable to those whom they impeach. If it should answer the Purposes of One Prisoner, to waive the Rights which belong to all Prisoners, it was the Duty of your Managers to protect those general Rights against that particular Prisoner. It was still more their Duty to endeavour, that their own Questions should not be erroneously stated, or Cases put which varied from those which they afgued, or Opinions oven in a Manner not supported by the Spirit of our Laws and Institutions, or by Analogy with the Practice of all our Courts.

Your Committee, much in the Dark about a Matter, in which it was so necessary that they should receive every Light, have heard, that in debating this Matter abroad, it has been objected, that many of the Precedents on which we most relied were furnished in the Courts of the Lord High Steward, and not in Trials where the Peers were Judges; and that the Lord High Steward not having it in his Power to retire with the Juror Peers, the Judges Opinions, from Necessity, not from Equity to the Parties, were given before that Magistrate.

Your Committee thinks it scarcely possible, that the Lords could be influenced by such a feeble Argument. For, admitting the Fact to have been as supposed, there is no Sort of Reason why so uniform a Course of Precedents, in a legal Court, composed of a Peer for Judge, and Peers for Triers — a Course so favourable to all Parties and to equal Justice — a Course in Concurrence with the Procedure of all our other Courts, should not have the greatest Authority over their Practice in every Trial before the whole Body of the Peerage.

The Earl of Nottingha, who acted as High Steward in One of these Commissions, certainly knew what he was saying. He gave no such Reason. His Argument for the Publicity of the Judges Opinions, did not turn at all on the Nature of his Court, or of his Office in that Court. It rested on the Equity of the Principle, and on the fair Dealing due to the Prisoner.

Lord Somers was in no such Court; yet his Declaration is full as strong. He does not indeed argue the Point, as the Earl of Nottingham did when he considered it-as a new Case. Lord Somers considers it as a Point quite settled — and no longer standing in Need of being supported by Reason or Precedent

But it is a Mistake that the Precedents stated in this Report are wholly drawn from Proceedings in that Kind of Court Only Two are cited, which are fur-

nished from a Court constituted in the manner supposed. The rest were in Trials by all the Peers, and not by a Jury of Peers with an High Steward.

After long Discussions with the Peers on this Sub- Foster's ject, " The Lords Committees in a Conference told Crown them [the Committee of this House appointed to p' a Conference on the Matter] that the High Steward " is but Speaker pro tempore, and giveth his Vote " as well as the other Lords: This changeth not the " Nature" of the Court. And the Lords declared,

" that they have Power enough to proceed to Trial,

" though the King should not name an High " Steward." On the same Day, " It is declared and " ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in " Parliament assembled, that the Office of High " Steward on Trials of Peers upon Impeachments " is not necessary to the House of Peers — but that " the Lords may proceed in such Trials, if an High " Steward is not appointed, according to their humble " Desire."

To put the Matter out of all Doubt, and to remove all Jealousy on the Part of the Commons, the Commission of the Lord High Steward was then altered.

These Rights, contended for by the Commons in their Impeachments, and admitted by the Peers, were asserted in the Proceedings preparatory to the Trial of Lord Stafford, in which that long Chain of uniform Precedents, with regard to the Publicity of the Judges Opinions in Trials, begins.

For these last Citations, and some of the Remarks, your Committee are indebted to the learned and upright Justice Foster. They have compared them with the Journals, and find them correct. The same excellent Author proceeds to demonstrate that whatever he says of Trials by Impeachment is equally applicable to Trials before the High Steward on Indictment-; and consequently that there is no Ground for a Distinction, with regard to the public Declaration of the Judges Opinions, founded on the Inapplicability of either of these Cases to the other. The Argument on this whole Matter is so satisfactory, that your Committee has annexed it at large to their Report *. As there is no difference, in Fact, between these Trials (especially since the Act which provides that all the Peers shall be summoned to the Trial of a Peer) so there is no Difference in the Reason and Principle of the Publicity, let the Matter of the Steward's Jurisdiction be as it may.

PUBLICITY GENERAL.

Your Committee do not find any positive Law which binds the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall publicly to give a reasoned Opinion from the Bench, in Support of their Judgment upon Matters that are stated before them. But the Course hath prevailed from the oldest Times. It hath been so general and so uniform, that it must be considered as the Law of the Land. It has prevailed, so far as we can discover, not only in all the Courts which now exist, whether of Law or Equity, but in those which have been suppressed or disused, such as the Court of Wards and the Star Chamber. An Author quoted by Rushworth, speaking of the Constitution of that Chamber, " And so it was resolved, by the Judges, on " Reference made to them; and their Opinion, after de~.

" liberate Hearing, and View of former Precedents, was " published ih open Court j\" It appears elsewhere in y^UjS^worth' the same Compiler, that all their Proceedings were &0na«.;£475"

public

See the Appendix, N* 1.

34 Geo. III.

30° Aprilis.

513

public, even in deliberating, previous to Judgment.

The Judges in their Reasonings have always been used to observe on the Arguments employed by the Counsel on either Side; and on the Authorities cited by them, assigning the Grounds for rejecting the Authorities which they reject, or for adopting those to which they adhere, or for a different Construction of Law, according, to the Occasion. This Publicity, not only of Decision but of Deliberation, is not confined to their several Courts, whether of Law or Equity, whether above, or at Prius, - but it prevails where they are assembled in the Exchequer Chamber, or at Serjeant's , or wherever Matters come before the Judges collectively for Consultation and Revision. — It seems to your Committee to be moulded in the essential Frame and Constitution of British Judicature.

Your Committee conceives, that the English Jurisprudence has not any other sure Foundation, nor consequently the Lives and Properties of the Subject any sure Hold, but in the Maxims, Rules, and Principles, and juridical traditionary Line of Decisions contained in the Notes taken, and from Time to Time published (mostly under the Sanction of the Judges) called Reports.

In the early Periods of the Law it appears to your Committee, that a Course still better had been pursued, but grounded on the same Principles; and that no other Cause than the Multiplicity of Business prevented its Continuance. " Of ancient Time (says Lord Coke) in Cases of Difficulties, either Criminal or " Civil, the Reasons and Causes of the Judgment were " set down upon the Record, and so continued in the " Reigns of Ed. I. and Ed. II. and then there was no " need of Reports; but in the Reign of Ed. III.

" (when the Law was in its Height) the Causes and " Reasons of Judgments, in respect of the Multitude " of them, are not set down in the Record, but then " the great Casuists and Reporters of Cases, (certain " wave and sad Men) published the Cases, and the " Reasons and Causes of the Judgments or Resolutions,

" which, from the Beginning of the Reign of Ed. III.

" and since, we have in Print. But these also, though " of great Credit and excellent Use in their Kind, ok«, 4 Inst " yet far un^ernecdfl the Authority of the Parliament . 5. " Rolls, reporting the Acts, Judgments, and Resolutions

" of that highest Court."

Reports, though of a Kind less authentic than the Year Books to which Coke alludes, have continued without Interruption to the Time in which we live.

It is well known, that the elementary Treatises of Law, and the dogmatical Treatises of English Jurisprudence, whether they appear under the Names of Institutes, Digests, or Commentaries, do not rest on the Authority of the supreme Power, like the Books called the Institute, Digest, Code, and authentic Collations in the Roman Law. With us, Doctrinal Books of that Description have little or no Authority, other than as they are supported by the adjudged Cases and Reasons given at One Time or other from the Bench; and to these they constantly refer. This appears in Coke's Institutes, in Com Digest, and in all Books of that Nature. To give Judgment privately is to put an End to Reports; and to put an End to Reports, is to put an End to the Law of England. It was fortunate for the Constitution of this Kingdom, that in the Judicial Proceedings in the Case of Ship Money, the Judges did not then venture to depart from the ancient Course. They wive and they argued their Judgment in open Court *. Their Reasons were publicly given; and the Reasons assigned for their Judgment took away all its Authority.

The great Historian Lord Clarendon, at that Period Report on a young Lawyer, has told us, that the Judges gave as Loi.<1.s Pro*

j o j ' o o ceedings ou

Law from the Bench what every Man in the Hall knew Mr. Hast-not to be Law. ings's Trial.

This Publicity, and this Mode of attending the Decision with its Grounds, is not observed only in the Tribunals where the Judges preside in a Judicial Capacity individually or collectively, but where they are consulted by the Peers, on the Law in all of

Error brought from below. In the Opinion they give of the Matter assigned as Error, One at least of the Judges argues the Questions at large. He argues them publicly, though in the Chamber of Parliament; and in such a Manner that every Professor, Practitioner, or Student of the Law, as well as the Parties to the Suit, may learn the Opinions of all the Judges of all the Courts upon those Points, in which the Judges in One Court might be mistaken.

' Your Committee is of Opinion that nothing better could be devised by Human Wisdom than argued Judgments publicly delivered for preserving unbroken the great traditionary Body of the Law, and for marking, whilst that great Body remained unaltered, every Variation in the Application and the Construction of particular Parts; for pointing out the Ground of each Variation; and for enabling the Learned of the Bar and all intelligent Laymen to distinguish those Changes made for the Advancement of a more solid, equitable, and substantial Justice, according to the variable Nature of Human Affairs, a progressive Experience, and the Improvement of Moral Philosophy, from those hazardous Changes in any of the ancient Opinions and Decisions, which may arise from Ignorance, from Levity, from false Refinement, from a Spirit of Innovation, or from other Motives, of a Nature not more justifiable.

Your Committee, finding this Course of Proceeding to be concordant with the Character and Spirit of our Judicial Proceeding, continued from Time immemorial, supported by Arguments of sound Theory, and confirmed by Effects highly beneficial, could not see without Uneasiness, in this great Trial for Indian Offences, a marked Innovation. Against their reiterated Requests, Remonstrances, and Protestations, the Opinions of the Judges were always taken secretly.

Not only the Constitutional Publicity for which we contend was refused to the Request and Entreaty of your Committee; but when a noble Peer, on the 24th Day of June 1789, did in open Court declare, that he would then propose some Questions to the Judges in that Place, and hoped to receive their Answer openly, according to the approved good Customs of that and of other Courts — the Lords instantly put a Stop to the further Proceeding by an immediate Adjournment to the Chamber of Parliament.

Upon this Adjournment we find by the Lords Journals, that the House on being resumed, ordered, that " it should resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " House on Monday next, to take into Consideration " what is the proper Manner of putting Questions by " the Lords to the Judges, and of their answering the " same in Judicial Proceedings."

The House did thereon resolve itself into a Committee, from which the Earl of Galloway, on the 29th of the same Month, reported as follows: " That the " House has, in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, proceeded in a regular Course in the Manner of propounding their Questions to the Judges in the Chamber of Parliament, and in receiving their Answers to them in the same Place."

The Resolution was agreed to by the Lords; but

the

(C

VOL. 49.

This is confined to the judicial Opinions in Hotnbden's Case. It does not take in all the extra-judicial Opinions.

6P

9'

514

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

the Protest (as below)* -was entered thereupon, and supported by strong Arguments.

Your Committee remark, that this Resolution states only, that the House had proceeded in this secret Manner of propounding Questions to the Judges, and of receiving their Answers during the Trial, and on Matters of Debate between the Parties, " in a regular " Course." It does not assert that another Course would not have been as regular. It does not state either Judicial Convenience, Principle, or Body of Precedents for that regular Course. No such Body of Precedents appear on the Journal that we could discover. Seven-and-Twenty at least, in a regular Series, are directly contrary to this regular Course. Since the iEra of the 29th of June 1789, no One Question has been admitted to go publicly to the Judges.

This determined and systematic Privacy was the more alarming to your Committee, because the Questions did not (except in that Case) originate from the Lords for the Direction of their own Conscience. These Questions, in some material Instances, were not made or allowed by the Parties at the 'Bar, nor settled in open Court, but differed materially from what your Managers contended was the true State of the Question, as put and argued by them. They were such as the Lords thought proper to state for them. Strong Remonstrances produced some Alteration in this Particular; but even after these Remonstrances, several Questions were made, on Statements which the Managers never made nor admitted.

Your Committee' does not know of any Precedent before this, in which the Peers, on a Proposal of the Commons, or of a less weighty Person before their Court, to have the Cases publicly referred to the Judges, and their Arguments and Resolutions delivered in their Presence, absolutely refused. The very few Precedents of such private Reference on Trials, have been made, as we have observed already, sub silentio, and without any Observation from the Parties.

In the Precedents we produce, the Determination is accompanied with its Reasons, and the Publicity is considered as the clear undoubted Right of the Parties.

Your Committee, using their best Diligence, have never been able to form a clear Opinion upon the Ground and Principle of these Decisions. The mere Result upon each Case decided by the Lords furnished them with no Light from any Principle, Precedent, or foregone Authority of Law or Reason, to ide them with regard :to the next Matter of Evince which they had to offer, or to discriminate what Matter ought to be urged, or to be set aside; your Committee not being able to divine, whether the particular Evidence, which, upon a conjectural Principal, they might choose to abandon, would not appear to this House, and to the judging World at large, to be admissible, and possibly decisive Proof.

In these Straights they had and have no Choice, but either wholly to abandon the Prosecution, and of consequence to betray the Trust reposed in them by this House, or to bring forward such Matter of Evidence as they are furnished with from sure. Sources of Authenticity, and which in their Judgment, aided by the' best Advice they could obtain, is possessed of a moral Aptitude juridically to prove or to illustrate the Case which the House had given them in Charge.

MODE of PUTTING the QUESTIONS.

When your Committee came to examine into those private Opinions of the Judges, they found, to their no small Concern, that the Mode both of putting the Questions to the Judges, and their Answers, was still more unusual and unprecedented than the Privacy with which those Questions were given and Tesohred.

This Mode strikes, as we apprehend, at the vital Privileges of the House. For, with the single Exception of the First Question put to the Judges in 1788, the Case being stated, the Questions are raised directly, specifically, and by Name, on those Privileges; that is, what Evidence it is competent for the Managers - the House of Commons to produce ?

We conceive, that it was not proper, nor justified by a single Precedent,' to refer to the Judges of the inferior

Courts any Question, and still less for them to decide in their Answer, of what is or is not competent for the House of Commons, or for any Committee acting under their Authority, to do, or not to do, in any Instance or Respect whatsoever. This new and unheard of Course can have no other Effect than to subject to the Discretion of the Judges the Law of Parliament and the Privileges of the House of Commons, and in a great Measure the Judicial Privileges of the Peers themselves; any Intermeddling in which on their Part, we conceive to be a dangerous and unwarrantable Assumption of Power. It is contrary to what has been declared by Lord Coke himself, in a Passage before quoted, to be the Duty of the Judges; and to what the Judges of former Times have confessed to be their Duty; on Occasions to which he refers, in the Time of Henry the Sixth. And we are of Opinion, that the Conduct of those Sages of the Law, and others their Successors, who have been thus diffident and cautious in giving their Opinions upon Matters concerning Parliament, and particularly on the Privileges of the House of Commons, was laudable in the Example, and ought to be followed; particularly the Principles upon which the Judges declined to give their Opinions in the Year 1614. It appears by the Journals of the Lords, that a Question concerning the Law relative to Impositions having been put to the Judges, the Proceeding was as follows:

" Whether the Lords, the Judges, shall be heard " deliver their Opinion touching the Point of Im-

" positions

# Dissentient.

1st. Because, by consulting the Judges out of Court in the Absence of the Parties, and with shut Doors, we have deviated from the most approved, and almost uninterrupted, Practice of above a Century and a Half, and established a Precedent not only destructive of the Justice due to the Parties at our Bar, but materially injurioi* to the Rights of the Community at large, who in Cases of Impeachments are more peculiarly interested that all Proceedings of this High Court of Parliament should be open and exposed, like all other Courts of Jus^qe, to public Observation and Comment, in order that no covert and private Practices should defeat the great Ends of Public Justice.

2dly. Because, from private Opinions of the Judges, upon private Statements, which the Parties have neither heard nor seen, Grounds of a Decision will be obtained, which must inevitably affect the Cause at Issue at our Bar; this Mode of Proceeding seems to be a Violation of the First Princifde of Justice, inasmuch as we thereby force and confine the Opinions of the Judges to our private Statement; and through the Medium of our subsequent Decision >we transfer the Effect of those Opinions to the Parties, who have been deprived of the Right and Advantage of being heard by such private, though unintended, Transmutation of the Point at Issue.

3dly. Because the Prisoners who may hereafter have the Misfortune to stand at our Bar will be deprived of that Consolation which the Lord High Steward Nottingham conveyed to the Prisoner, Lord Cornwallis, viz, " That the Lords have that tender Regard, of a Prisoner " at*the Bar, that they will not suffer a Case to beiput in his Absence, lest it should prejudice him by being wrong stated/'

4thly. Because unusual Mystery and Secrecy in our Judicial Proceedings must tend either to discredit the Acquittal of the Prisoner, or render the Justice of his Condemnation doubtful.

Porchester.

Suffolk and Berkshire.

Loughborough,

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

515

" positions before further Consideration be had of " Answer to be returned to the Lower House, " concerning the Message from them lately received."

" Whereupon the Number of the Lords, requiring " to hear the Judges Opinions by saying " ,"

" exceeding the others which said " Non " the Lords, the Judges, so desiring wrere permitted " to withdraw themselves into the Lord Chancellor's " private Rooms; where having remained awhile, " and advised together, they returned into the House, " and having taken their Places, and standing discovered, did by the Mouth of the Lord Chief Justice " of the King's Bench, humbly desire to be forborne " at this Time, in this Place, to deliver any Opinion " in this Case, for many weighty and important Reasons, which his Lordship delivered with great Gravity and Eloquence; concluding, that himself and " his Brethren are upon Particulars in Judicial " Course to speak and judge between the King's Majesty and his People, and likewise between his " Highness's Subjects, and in no Case to be Disputants on any Side,"

Your Committee do not find any Thing which, through Inadvertence or Design, had a Tendency to subject the Law and Course of Parliament to the Opinions of the Judges of the inferior Courts, from that Period until the jst of James the Second. The Trial of Lord Delamere for High Treason was had by Special Commission before the Lord High Steward: It was before the Act which directs that all Peers should be summoned to such Trials. This was not a Trial in full Parliament, in which Case it was then contended for, that the Lord High Steward was the Judge of the Law, presiding in the Court, but had no Vote in the Verdict; and that the Lords were Triers only, and had no Vote in the Judgment of Law. This was looked on as the Course, where the Trial was not in full Parliament, in which latter Case, there was no Doubt but that the Lord High Steward made a Part of the Body of the Triers, and that the whole House was the Judge*.

In this Cause, after the Evidence for the Crown had been closed, the Prisoner prayed the Court to adjourn. The Lord High Steward doubted his Power to take that Step in that Stage of the Trial; and the Question was " Whether, the Trial not " being in lull Parliament, when the Prisoner is upon " his Trial, and Evidence for the King is given, the " Lords being (as it may be termed) charged with " the Prisoner, the Peers may separate for a Time, " which is the Consequence of an Adjournment."

The Lord High Steward doubted of his Power to adjourn the Court. The Case was evidently new, and his Grace proposed to have the Opinion of the Judges upon it. The Judges, in Consequence, offering to withdraw into the Exchequer Chamber, Lord Falconberg " insisted that the Question concerned the " Privilege of the Peerage only, and conceived that " the Judges are not concerned to make any " tion in that Matter; and being such a

" vilege, certainly the inferior Courts have no Right to " determine it" It was insisted, therefore, that the Lords Trims should retire with the Judges. The Lord High Steward, thought differently, and opposed 'this Motion.; but, finding the other Opinion generally prevalent, he gave Way, and the Lords Triers retired, -taking the Judges to their Consult.

When the Judges returned, they delivered their Opinion in open Court.

Lord Chief Justice Herbert spoke for himself and the rest of the Judges. After observing on the

Novelty of the Case, with a temperate and becoming Report on Reserve with Regard to the Rights of Parliaments, he Lords Pro-marked out the Limits of the Office of the inferior 0,1

Judges on such Occasions, and declared, " All that j^'.xriid. " we, the Judges, can do, is to acquaint your Grace and " the noble Lords, what the Lava is in the inferior " Courts in Cases of the like Nature, and the Reason of " the Law in those Points, and then leave the " diction of the Court to its proper Judgment" The Chief Justice concluded his Statement of the Usage below, and his Observations on the Difference of the Cases of a Peer tried in full Parliament, and by a special Commission, in this Manner:

" Upon the whole Matter, my Lords, whether the " Peers, being Judges in the One and not in the " other Instance, alters the Case, or whether the Reason of the Law in inferior Courts, why the Jury " are not permitted to separate until they have discharged themselves of their Verdict, may have any " Influence on this Case, where that Reason seems to " fail, the Prisoner being to be tried by Men of un-

" questionable Honour, we cannot presume so far as to " make any Determination, in a Case which is both new " to us, and of great Consequence in itself; but think it " the proper Way for us, having laid Matters as we " conceive them before your Grace and my Lords,

" to subnut the Jurisdiction of your own Court to your " own Determination" 1

It appears to your Committee, that the Lords, who stood against submitting the Course of their High Court to the inferior Judges, and that the Judges, who, with a legal and constitutional Discretion, declined giving any Opinion in this Matter, acted as became them; and your Committee sees no Reason why the Peers, at this Day, should be less attentive to the Rights of their Court, with Regard to an exclusive Judgment on their own Proceedings, or to the Rights of the Commons acting as Accusers for the whole Commons of Great Britain in that Court, or why the Judges should be less reserved in deciding upon any of these Points of high Parliamentary Privilege, than the Judges of that and the preceding Periods. This present Case is a Proceeding in full Parliament, and not like the Case under the Commission in the Time of James the Second, and still more evidently out of the Province of Judges in the inferior Courts.

All the Precedents previous to the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, seem to your Committee to be uniform. The Judges had constantly refused to give an Opinion on any of the Powers, Privileges, or Competencies of either House. But in the present Instance your Committee has found, with great Concern, a further Matter of Innovation.

Hitherto the constant Practice has been to put Questions to the Judges but in the Three following Ways; as,

ist, A Question of pure abstract Law, without Reference to any Case, or merely upon an A. B. Case stated to them.

2dly, To the legal Construction of some Act of Parliament.

3dly, To report the Course of Proceeding in the Courts below, upon an abstract Case.

Besides these Three, your Committee knows not of a single Example of any Sort, during the Course of any Judicial Proceeding at the Bar of the House of Lords, whether the Prosecution has been by Indictment, by Information from the Attorney General, or by Impeachment of the House of Commons.

In the present Trial the Judges appear to your Committee not to have given their Judgment on

Points

Vol. 49.

See the Lord High Steward's Speech on that Head, 1st. Jo. II.

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings'* Trial.

516 30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Points of Law, stated as such, but to have in Effect tried the Cause, in the whole Course of it, with One Instance to the contrary.

The Lords nave stated no Question of General Law; no Question on the Construction of an Act of Parliament; no Question concerning the Practice of the Courts below. They put the whole gross Case, and Matter in Question, with all its Circumstances, to the Judges. They have, for the First Time, demanded of them what particular Person, Paper, or Document ought, or ought not, to be produced before them by the Managers for the Commons of Great . — For

Instance, whether, under such an Article, the Bengal Consultations of such a Day, the Examination of Rajah Nundcomar, and the like.

The Operation of this Method is in Substance, not only to make the Judges Masters of the whole Process and Conduct of the Trial, but through that Medium to transfer to them the ultimate Judgment on the Cause itself, and its Merits.

The Judges attendant on the Court of Peers, hitherto have not been supposed to know the Particulars and minute Circumstances of the Cause, and must therefore be incompetent to determine upon those Circumstances. The Evidence taken is not, of course, that we can find, delivered to them — nor do we find, that in Fact any Order has been made for that Purpose, even supposing that the Evidence could at all regularly be put before them. They are present in Court, not to hear the Trial but solely to -advise in Matter of Law — they cannot take upon themselves to say any Thing about the Bengal Consultations, or to know any Thing of Rajah Nundcomar, of Kelleram, or of Mr. Francis, or Sir John Clavering,

That the House may be the more fully enabled to judge of the Nature and Tendency of thus putting the Question specifically, and on the gross Case, your Committee thinks fit here to insert One of those Questions, reserving a Discussion of its particular Merits to another Place. It was stated on the 22d of April 1790, " On " that Day the Managers proposed to shew that Kelleram fell into great Balances with the East India " Company, in Consequence of his Appointment." — It is so stated in the printed Minutes (p. 1206.) But the real Tendency and Gist of the Proposition is not shewn. — However the Question was put, " whether it " be or be not competent to the Managers for the Commans to give Evidence upon the Charge in the 6th " Article to prove that the Rent which the Defendant " Warren Hastings, Esquire, let the Lands mentioned " in the said 6th Article of Charge to Kelleram, fell into " Arrear and was deficient; and whether, if Proof were " offered that the Rent fell into Arrear immediately " after the letting, the Evidence in that Case wrould be " competent ? >

" The Judges answered on the 27th of the said " Month, as follows: It is not competent for the Ma-

" nagers for the House of Commons to give Evidence 4* upon the Charge in the 6th Article, to prove that the M Rent at which the Defendant, Warren Hastings, let " the Lands in the said 6th Article of Charge to Kelleram, fell into Arrear and was deficient."

The House will observe, that on the- Question Two Cases of Competence were put — The First on the Competence of Managers for the House of Commons to give the Evidence supposed to be offered by them, but which we deny to have been offered in the Manner and for the Purpose assumed in this Question: The Second is in a shape apparently more abstracted, and more nearly approaching to Parliamentary Regularity-on the Competence of the Evidence itself, in

the Case of a supposed Circumstance being superadded. The Judges answered only the First, denying flatly the Competence of the Managers. As to the Second, the Competence of the supposed Evidence, they are profoundly silent. Having given this Blow to our Competence, about the other Question (which, was more within their Province) namely, the Competence of Evidence on a Case hypothetically stated, they give themselves no Trouble. The Lords on that Occasion rejected the whole Evidence. On the Face of the Judges Opinion, it is a Determination on a Case, the Trial of which was not with them, but it contains no Rule or Principle of Law, to which alone it was their Duty to speak*.

These essential Innovations tend, as your Committee conceives, to make an entire Alteration in the Constitution, and in the Purposes of the High Court of Parliament, and even to reverse the ancient Relations between the Lords and the Judges.

It tends wholly to take away from the Commons the Benefit of making good their Case bejpre the proper Judges, and submits this high Inquest to the inferior Courts.

Your Committee sees no Reason why, on the same Principles and Precedents, the Lords may not terminate their Proceedings in this, and in all future Trials, by sending the whole Body of Evidence taken before them in the Shape of a Special Verdict, to the Judges, and may not demand of them, whether they ought, on the whole Matter, to acquit or condemn the Prisoner; nor can we discover any Cause that should hinder them from deciding on the accumulative Body of the Evidence, as hitherto they have done in its Parts, and from dictating the Existence or Non-existence of a Misdemeanor or other Crime in the Prisoner, as they think fitwithout any more Reference to Principle, or Precedent of Law, than hitherto they have thought proper to apply in determining on the several Parcels of this Cause.

Your Committee apprehends, that very serious Inconveniencies and Mischiefs may hereafter arise from a Practice in the House of Lords, of considering itself as unable to act without the Judges of the inferior Courts, of implicitly following their Dictates, of adhering with a literal Precision to the very Words of their Responses, and putting them to decide on the Competence of the Managers for the Commons, — the Competence of the Evidence to be produced, — who are to be permitted to appear, — what Questions are to be asked of Witnesses, — and indeed, Parcel by Parcel, on the Whole of the gross Case before them; as well as to determine upon the Order, Method, and Process of every Part of their Proceedings. The Judges of the inferior Courts are by Law rendered independent of the Crown. But this, instead of a Benefit to the Subject, would be a Grievance, if no Way was left of producing a Responsibility. If the Lords cannot or will not act without the Judges, and if (which God forbid!) the Commons should find it at any Time hereafter necessary to impeach them before the Lords; this House would find the Lords disabled in their Functions, fearful of giving any Judgment on Matter of Law, or admitting any Proof of Fact without them; and having Once assumed the Rule of Proceeding and Practice below as their Rule, they must at every Instant resort, for their Means of judging, to the Authority of those whom they are appointed to judge.

Your Committee must always act with Regard to Men as they are. There are no Privileges or Exemptions from the Infirmities of our common Nature. We are sensible, that all Men, and without any evil Intentions, will naturally. wish to extend their own

Jurisdiction,

All the Resolutions of the Judges, to the Time of the Reference to the Committee, are in the Appendix, N* 3.

34 Geo. III. 30° A517

Jurisdiction, and to weaken all the Power by which they may be limited and controlled. It is the Business of the House of Commons to counteract this Tendency. This House had given to its Managers no Power to abandon its Privileges, and the Rights of its Constituents. They were themselves as little disposed, as authorized, to make this Surrender. They are Members of this House, not only charged with the Management of this Impeachment, but partaking of a general Trust, inseparable from the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, One of whose principal Functions and Duties it is, to be observant of the Courts of Justice, and to take due Care that none of them, from the lowest to the highest, shall pursue new Courses unknown to the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, or to Equity, sound legal Policy, or substantial Justice.

Your Committee were not sent into Westminster Hall for the Purpose of contributing in their Persons, and under the Authority of the House, to change the Course or Law of Parliament, which had continued unquestioned for at least Four hundred Years. Neither was it any Part of their Mission to suffer Pre-. cedents to be established, with relation to the Law and Rule of Evidence, which tended in their Opinion to shut up for ever all the Avenues to Justice. They were not to consider a Rule of Evidence as a Means of Concealment. They were not, without a Struggle, to suffer any Subtleties to prevail, which would render a Process in Parliament, not the Terror, but the Protection of all the Fraud and Violence arising from the Abuse of British Power in the East. Accordingly, your Managers contended with all their Might, as their Predecessors in the same Place had contended with more Ability and Learning, but not with more Zeal and more Firmness, against those dangerous Innovations as they were successively introduced: They held themselves bound constantly to protest, and in One or Two Instances they did protest, in Discourses of considerable Length, against those private, and for what they could find, unargued Judicial Opinions, which must, as they fear, introduce by Degrees the miserable Servitude which exists where the Law is uncertain or unknown.

DEBATES on EVIDENCE.

The Chief Debates at the Bar, and the Decisions of the Judges (which we find in all Cases implicidy adopted, in all their Extent, and without Qualification, by die Lords) turned upon Evidence. Your Committee, before the Trial began, were apprized, by Discourses which Prudence did not permit them to neglect, that Endeavours would be' used to embarrass them in their Proceedings by Exceptions against Evidence; that the Judgments and Opinions of the Courts below would be resorted to on this Subject; that there the Rules of Evidence were precise, rigorous, and inflexible; and that the Counsel for the Criminal would endeavour to introduce the same Rules, with the same Severity and Exactness, into this Trial.

Your Committee were fully assured, and were resolved strenuously to contend, that no Doctrine or Rule of Law, much less the Practice of any Court, ought to have Weight or Authority in Parliament, further than as such Doctrine, Rule, or Practice, is agreeable to the Proceedings in Parliament, or hath received the Sanction of approved Precedent there; or is founded on the immutable Principles of substantial Justice, without which, your Committee readily agrees, no Practice in any Court, high or low, is proper or fit to be maintained.

In this Preference of the Rules observed in the High Court of Parliament, pre-eminently superior to all the rest, there is no Claim made, which the in-Vo i.4>9.

ferior Courts do not make, each with regard to itself. It is well known, that the Rules of Proceedings in these Courts vary, and some of them very essentially; yet the Usage of each Court is the Law of the Court, and it would be vain to object to any Rule in any Court, that it is not the Rule of another Court. For instance, as a general Rule, the Court of King's Bench, on Trials by Jury, cannot, receive Depositions, but must judge by Testimony vivd voce. The Rule of the Court of Chancery is not only not the same, but it is the Reverse, and Lord Hardwicke ruled accordingly: " The constant and established Proceedings of this " Court," said this great Magistrate, " are on written " Evidence, like the Proceedings on the Civil and " Canon Law. This is the Course of the Court, and " the Course of the Court is the Law of the Court." — Atkyns, Vol. I. p. 446.

Your Managers were, convinced that One of the principal Reasons for which this Cause was brought into Parliament, was the Danger that in inferior Courts their Rule would be formed naturally upon their ordinary Experience, and the Exigencies of the Cases which in ordinary Course came before them. This Experience, and the Exigencies of these Cases, extend little further than the Concerns of a People comparatively in a narrow Vicinage — a People of the same or nearly the same Language, Religion, Manners, Laws, and Habits — With them an Intercourse of every Kind was easy.

These Rules of Law in most Cases, and the Practice of the Courts in all, could not be easily applicable to a People separated from Great Britain by a very great Part of the Globe; separated by Manners, by Principles of Religion, and of inveterate Habits as strong as Nature itself, still more than by the Circumstance of local Distance. Such confined and inapplicable Rules would be convenient indeed to Oppression, to Extortion, Bribery, and Corruption, but ruinous to the People whose Protection is the true Object of all tribunals, and of all their Rules. Even English Judges in India, who have been sufficiently tenacious of what they considered as the Rules of English Courts, were obliged, in many Points, and particularly with regard to Evidence, to relax very considerably, as the Civil and Politic Government has been obliged to do in several other Cases, on Account of insuperable Difficulties arising from a great Diversity of Manners, and from what may be considered as a Diversity even in the very Constitution of their Minds: Instances of which your Committee will subjoin in a future Appendix.

Another great Cause, why your Committee conceived this House had chosen to proceed, in the High Court of Parliament, was because the inferior Courts were habituated, with very few Exceptions, to try Men for the Abuse only of their individual and natural Powers, which can extend but a little Way. Before them, Offences, whether of Fraud or Violence, or both, are, for much the greater Part, charged upon Persons of mean and obscure Condition. Those unr happy Persons are so far from being supported by Men of Rank and Influence, that the whole Weight and Force of the Community is directed against them. In this Case, they are, in general, Objects of Protection as well as of Punishment; and the Course perhaps ought, as it is commonly said to be, not to suffer any Thing to be applied to their Conviction beyond what the strictest Rules will permit. But in the Cause which your Managers have in Charge, the Circumstances are the very Reverse to what happens in the Cases of mere personal Delinquency, which come before the Courts. These Courts have not before them Persons who act, and who justify their Acts, by the Nature of a despotical and arbitrary Power. The Abuses, stated in our Impeachment, are not those of mere individual, natural Faculties, but the A buses of

6 Q Civil

Report on Lords Pro- ceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Blackstone's Commentaries, Book IV, p. 258.

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

518

30" Aprilis.

A. 1794.

Civil and Political Authority. The Offence is that of One, who has carried with him in the Perpetration ' of his Crimes, whether of Violence or of Fraud, the whole Force of the State; — who, in the Perpetration and Concealment of Offences, has had the Advantage of all the Means and Powers given to Government for the Detection and Punishment of Guilt, and for the Protection of the People. The People themselves, on whose Behalf the Commons of Great Britain take up this remedial and protecting Prosecution, are naturally timid. Their Spirits are broken by the arbitrary Power usurped over them, and claimed by the Delinquent as his Law. They are ready to flatter the Power, which they dread. They are apt to look for Favour by covering those Vices in the Predecessor, which they fear the Successor may be disposed to imitate. They have Reason to consider Complaints as Means not of Redress, but of Aggravation to their Sufferings; and when they shall ultimately hear that the Nature of the British Lawrs, and the Rules of its Tribunals, are such as by no Care or Study either they, or even the Commons of Great , who

take up their Cause, can comprehend, but which in Effect and Operation leave them unprotected, and render those who oppress them secure in their Spoils, they must think still worse of British Justice than of the arbitrary Power of the Company's Servants, which hath been exercised to their Destruction. They will be for. ever, what, for the greater Part, they have hitherto been, inclined to compromise with the Corruption of the Magistrates, as a Screen against that Violence, from which the Laws afford them no Redress.

For these Reasons, your Committee did, and do, strongly contend, that the Court of Parliament ought to be open with great Facility to the Production of all Evidence, except that, which the Precedents of Parliament teach them authoritatively to reject, or which hath no Sort of natural Aptitude directly or circumstantially to prove the Case. They have been and are invariably of Opinion, That the Lords ought to enlarge, and not to contract, the Rules of Evidence, according to the Nature and Difficulties of the Case, for Redress to the Injured, for the Punishment of Oppression, for the Detection of Fraud, and, above all, to prevent what is the greatest Dishonour to all Laws, and to all Tribunals — the Failure of Justice. To prevent the last of these Evils all Courts in this and all Countries have constantly made all their Maxims and Principles concerning Testimony to conform; although such Courts have been bound undoubtedly by stricter Rules, both of Form and of prescript Cases, than the sovereign Jurisdiction exercised by the Lords on the Impeachment of the Commons ever has been, or ever ought to be. Therefore your Committee doth totally reject any Rules, by which the Practice of any inferior Court is affirmed as a directory Guide to an higher, especially where the Forms and the Powers of the Judicature are different, and the Objects of Judicial Enquiry are not the same.

Your Committee conceives that the Trial of a Cause is not in the Arguments or Disputations of the Prosecutors and the Counsel, but in the Evidence; and that to refuse Evidence is to refuse to hear the Cause: Nothing, therefore, but the most clear and weighty Reasons, ought to preclude its Production. Your Committee conceives that, when Evidence, on the Face of it relevant, that is connected with the Party and the Charge, was denied to be competent, the Burthen lay upon those who opposed it, to set forth the Authorities, whether of positive Statute, known recognized Maxims and Principles of Law, Passages in an accredited Institute, Code, Digest, or systematick Treatise of Laws, or some adjudged Cases, wherein the Courts have rejected Evidence of that Nature. No such Thing ever (except iu One Instance, to which

we shall hereafter speak) was produced at the Bar, nor (that we know of) produced by the Lords in their Debates, or by the Judges in the Opinions by them delivered. Therefore, for any Thing which as yet appears to your Committee to the contrary, these Responses and Decisions were, in many of the Points, not the Determinations of any Law whatsoever, but mere arbitrary Decrees, to which we could not without solemn Protestation submit.

Your Committee, at an early Period, and frequently since the Commencement of this Trial, have neglected no Means of Research, which might afford them Information concerning these supposed strict and inflexible Rules of Proceeding, and of Evidence, which appeared to them destructive of all the Means and Ends of Justice.

And, First, they examined carefully the Rolls and Journals of the House of Lords, as also the printed Trials of Cases before that Court.

Your Committee finds but One Instance, in the whole Course of Parliamentary Impeachments, in which Evidence offered by the Commons has been rejected on the Plea of Inadmissibility or Incompetence. This was in the Case of Lord Lords Joor-

Trial; when the Copy of a Warrant (the same not nals, VoLlV. having any Attestation to authenticate it as a true P*a0^ Copy) was, on Deliberation, not admitted; and your An'1 41' Committee thinks, as the Case stood, with Reason. —

But even in this One Instance, the Lords seemed to shew a marked Anxiety not to narrow too much the Admissibility of Evidence, for they confined their Determination " to this individual Case," as the Lord Rush. Trial Steward reported their Resolution; and, he adds, of LwdSuafthey conceive this could be no Impediment or Fai- or e'p" 43°‘ " lure in the Proceeding, because the Truth and Verity " of it would depend on the First general Power " riven to execute it, which they who manage the " Evidence for the Commons say they could prove."

— Neither have Objections to Evidence offered by the Prisoner been very frequently made, nor often allowed when made.- — In the same Case of Lord Straf- Lord* Jour-forde. Two Books produced by his Lordship, without nals- Vo1- IV. Proof by whom they were written, were rejected (and p‘ 10‘ on a clear Principle) " as being private Books, and " no Records." On both these Occasions, the Questions were determined by the Lords alone, without any Resort to the Opinions of the Judges. In the Impeachments of Lord Stafford, Dr. Sacheverell, and Lord Win-toun, no Objection to Evidence appears in the Lords Journals to have been pressed, and not above One taken, which was on the Part of the Managers.

Several Objections were indeed taken to Evidence Lords in Lord Macclesfield*s Trial. They were made on the Journals,

Part of the Managers, except in Two Instances, where Vol. XXII. the Objections were made by the Witnesses them- An.317*5!* selves. They were all determined (those started by the Managers in their Favour) by the Lords' themselves, without any Reference to the Judges. In the Discussion of One of them, a Question was stated for p,. p. 541. the Judges concerning the Law in a similar Case upon an Information in the Court below; but it was set aside by the previous Question.

On the Impeachment of Lord Lovat, no more than Lords One Objection to Evidence was taken by the Ma- Journals, nagers, against which Lord Lovat's Counsel wrere not Vo!- II-permitted to argue. Three Objections on the Part of the Prisoner were made to the Evidence offered by the Managers, but all without Success. The Instances of similar Objections in Parliamentary Trials of Peers on Indictments, are too few and too unimportant to require being particularized; — One, that in the Case of Lord

Warwick, has been already stated.

The Principles of these Precedents do not in the least affect any Case of Evidence which your Managers had to support. The Paucity and Inapplicability of Instances of this Kind, convince your Committee that

the

34 Geo. Ill*

30° Aprilis.

519

nesses to a few Heads.- - " For if," said 1Lords Pro-in a Passage preserved to us in the Digest, " the Reding*0,1 " Testimony is free from Suspicion, either on Ac- tiiw, TriaL " count of the Quality of the Per, namely, that he is in a reputable Situation; or for Cause," that is

the Lords have ever used some Latitude and Liberality ever seem to have reduced the Admissibility of Wit- Report oa

in all the Means of bringing Information before them — ----- --- T -

nor is it easy to conceive, that, as the Lords are, and of Right ought to be, Judges of Law and Fact, many Cases should occur (except those where a Personal viva, voce Witness is denied to be competent) in which a

Judge, possessing an entire Judicial Capacity, can deter- to say, that the Testimony given is not for Reward, mine by Anticipation what is good Evidence, and what nor Favour, nor for Enmity, such a Witness is ad not, before he has heard it. When he has heard it, of missible. This first Description goes to Competence course he will judge what Weight it is to have upon between which and Credit, Lord Hardwicke justly his Mind, or whether it ought not entirely to be struck says the Discrimination is very nice: The other Part out of the Proceedings. of the Text shews their Anxiety to reduce Credibility

Your Committee, always protesting, as before, itself to a fixed Rule. It proceeds therefore, " His against the Admission of any Law, foreign or do- " sacred Majesty, Hadrian, issued a Rescript to

mestic, as of Authority in Parliament, further than as written Reason, and the Opinion of wise and informed Men, has examined into the Writers on the Civil Law, ancient and more recent, in order to discover what those Rules of Evidence, in any Sort applicable to Criminal Cases, were, which were supposed to stand in the Way of the Trial of Offences committed in India.

They find, that the Term Evidence, Evidentia, from

whence our's is taken, has a Sense different in the Roman Law, from what it is understood to bear in the English Jurisprudence. The Term most nearly answering to it in the Roman, being Probatio, Proof; which, Rescript of the same Prince to Valerius Varus on the like the Term Evidence, is a generick Term, including bringing out the Credit of Witnesses. This appears every Thing by which a doubtful Matter may be ren- to go more to the general Principles of Evidence. It

Varus, Lieutenant of Cilicia, to this Effect, That " he who sitS in Judgment is the most capable of determining what Credit is to be given to Witnesses." The Words of the Letter of Rescript are as follow: " You ought best to know what Credit is to be given " to Witnesses, — who, and of what Dignity, and of " what Estimation they are, whether they seem to " deliver their Evidence with Simplicity and Candour " — whether they seem to bring a formed and premeditated Discourse — or whether on the Spot they " give probable Matter in Answer to the Questions " that are put to them." And there remains a

dered more certain to the Judge; or, as Gilbert ex Gilbert'j«Law presses it, every Matter is Evidence which amounts to of Evidence, the Proof of the Point in Question.

M3- On the general Head of Evidence or Proof, your Committee finds, that much has been written by Persons learned in the Roman Law, particularly in modern Times; and that many Attempts have been made to reduce to Rules the Principles of Evidence or Proof, a Matter which by its very Nature seems incapable of that Simplicity, Precision, and Generality, which are necessary to supply the Matter, or to give the Form to a Rule of Law. Much Learning has been employed on the Doctrine of Indications and Presumptions, in their Books; far more than is to be Gravina, found in our Law. — Very subtle Disquisitions were

84,85. made, on all Matters of Jurisprudence in the Times

of the classical Civil Law, by the Followers of the Stoick School. In the modem School of the same Law, the same Course was taken by Bartolus, Baldus, and the Civilians who followed them, before the com-Id. 90. usque plete Revival of Literature. All the Discussions to ad 100. be found in those voluminous Writings, furnish un

in these Words: " What Evidence, and in what " Measure or Degree, shall amount to Proof in each " Case, can be defined in no Manner whatsoever that " is sufficiently certain. For though not always, yet " frequently, the Truth of the Affair may appear " without any Matter of Public Record. — In some " Cases, the Number of the Witnesses, in others their " Dignity and Authority, is to be weighed; in others " concurring Public Fame tends to confirm the " Credit of the Evidence in Question. This alone I " am able, and in a few Words, to give you as my " Determination, that you ought not too readily to " bind yourself to try the Cause upon any One Descrip- Digest L.

" tion of Evidence; but you are to estimate by your XXII T,t-5own Discretion what you ought to credit, or what " appears to you not to be established by Proof sufficient."

The modem Writers on the Civil Law have likewise much Matter on this Subject, and have introduced a Strictness, with regard to Personal Testimony which our particular Jurisprudence has not thought it at all proper to adopt In others we havet

doubtedly an useful Exercise to the Mind, by me- copied them more closely. They divide Evidence into

thodizing the various Forms, in which One Set of Facts, or Collection of Facts, or the Qualities or Demeanour of*Persons, reciprocally influence each other; and, by this Course of juridical Discipline, they add to die Readiness and Sagacity of those who are called, to plead or to judge. But as Human Affairs and Human Actions are not of a metaphysical Nature, but

Atkyns Rep. Omichund versus Barker, Vol. I. P- 37-

Two Parts, in which they do not differ from the Ancients. 1st. What is Evidence, or Proof by 2dly. What is Presumption, " which is a probable " Conjecture from a Reference, to something which,

" coming from Marks and Tokens ascertained, shall " be taken for Truth, until some other shall be adduced ?" Again, they have laboured particularly the Subject is concrete, complex, and moral, they can- to fix Rules for Presumptions, which they divide into, not be subjected (without Exceptions which reduce it 1. Violent and necessary. — 2. Probable. — 3, and almost to nothing) to any certain Rule. Their lasdy, Slight and rash. But, finding, that this Head Rules with regard to Competence were many and of presumptive Evidence (which makes so large a strict, and our Lawyers have mentioned it to their Part with them and with us in the Trial of all Causes, Reproach. " The Civilians (it has been observed) and particularly Criminal Causes) extremely difficult " differ in nothing more than admitting Evidence', to ascertain, either with regard to what shall be confor they reject Histriones, &c. and whole Tribes of sidered as exclusively creating any of these Three " People." But this extreme Rigour as to Compe- Degrees of Presumption, or what Facts, and how Calvinu* tency, rejected by our Law, is not found to extend to proved, — and what Marks and Tokens may serve to Voce prsB* the Genus of Evidence, but only to a particular establish them, — even those Civilians, whose Cha- 8UtnEUo' Species--- Personal Witnesses. Indeed, after all their racter it is to be subtle to a Fault, have been obliged Efforts to fix these Things by positive and inflexible to abandon the Task — -and have fairly confessed, that Maxims, the best Roman Lawyers in their best Ages the Labours of Writers to fix Rules for these Mat-were obliged to confess, that every Case of Evidence ters have been vain and fruitless. One of the most Bartolua, rather formed its own Rule, than that any Rule could able of them has said, " That the Doctors of the Law be adapted to every Case: The best Opinions how- " have written nothing of value concerning Presump-Vol. 49. " tions, —

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Lib. II. Obs. 149. 9.

520 30° ApA. 1794.

" tions, — nor Is the Subject Matter such as to be reduced within the prescribed Limit of any certain " Rules. In truth, it is from the actual existing Case,

" and from the Circumstances of the Persons, and of " the Business, that we ought (under the Guidance of " an incorrupt Judgment of the Mind, which is called " an equitable Discretion) to determine what Presumptions or Conjectural Proofs are to be admitted as rational, or rejected as false, or on which the Understanding can pronounce nothing either the one Way " or the other."

It is certain, ' that whatever Over-strictness is to be found in the older Writers on this Law, with regard to Evidence, it chiefly related to the mere Competency of Witnesses; yet even here the Rigour of the Roman Lawyers relaxed on the Necessity of the Case. Persons who kept Houses of ill Fame were with them incompetent Witnesses; yet among the Maxims of that Law, the Rule is well known of " Testes Lupanares " in re Lupanari."

In ordinary Cases, they require Two Witnesses to prove a Fact; and therefore they held, " that if there " be but One Witness, and no probable Grounds of " Presumption of some Kind (nulla Argumenta) " that One Witness is by no Means to be heard and it is not inelegantly said in that Case, the Failure " is not in the Law but in the Proof." Non jus deficit sed Probatio. But if other Grounds of Presumption appear, One Witness is to be heard; " for it is " not necessary that One Crime should be established " by One Sort of Proof only, as by Witnesses, or by " Documents, or by Presumptions; all the Modes of " Evidence may be so conjoined, that were none of " them alone would affect the Prisoner, all the various " concurrent Proofs should overpower him, like a " Storm of Hail."

This is held particularly true, in Cases where Crimes are secret, and Detection difficult.

The Necessity of detecting and punishing such Crimes superseded, in the soundest Authors, this theo-retick Aim at Perfection, and obliged technical Science to submit to practical Experience. In re Criminali, said the Rigourists, Probationes debent esse evidentes et Luce meridiand clariores; and so undoubtedly it is in Offences which admit such Proof. But Reflection taught them, that even their favourite Rules of Incompetence must give Way to the Exigencies of distributive Justice. One of the best modern Writers on the Imperial Criminal Law, particularly as practised in Saxony (Carpzovius) says, " This alone I " think it proper to remark, that even incompetent " Witnesses are sometimes admitted, if otherwise the " Truth cannot be got at; and this particularly in " Facts and Crimes which are of difficult Proof-" — and for this Doctrine, he cites F Mascardus, and other eminent Civilians who had written on Evidence. — He proceeds afterwards, " however, this is to be " taken with a Caution, that the Impossibility of " otherwise discovering the Truth, is not construed " from hence, that other Witnesses were not actually " concerned, but that from the Nature of the Crime, " or from Regard had to the Place and Time, other " Witnesses could not be present."

Many other Passages from the same Authority, and from others to a similar Effect, might be added: We shall only remark shortly that Gaill, a Writer on the Practice of that Law the most frequently cited in our own Courts, gives the Rule more in the Form of a Maxim; " That the Law is contented with such Proof " as can be made, if the Subject in its Nature is difficult of Proof." And the same Writer, in another Passage, refers to another still more general Maxim'

(and a sound Maxim it is) that the Power and Means of Proof ought not to be narrowed but enlarged, that the Truth may not be concealed: — Probationum cultas non angustari, sed ampliari debeat, ne veritas

occultetur.

On the Whole, your Committee can find nothing in the Writings of the Learned in this Law, any more than they could discover any ‘Thing in the Law of Parliament, to support any One of the Determinations given by the Judges, and adopted by the Lords, against the Evidence which your Committee offered, whether direct and positive, or merely (as for the greater Part it was) circumstantial, and produced as a Ground to form legitimate Presumption against the Defendant: Nor, if they were to admit (which they do not) this Civil Law to be of Authority in furnishing any Rule in an Impeachment of the Commons, more than as it may occasionally furnish a Principle of Reason on a new or undetermined Point, do they find any Rule or any Principle, derived from that Law, w'hich could or ought to have made us keep back the Evidence which we offered. On the contrary, we rather think those Rules and Principles to be in Agreement with our Conduct.

As to the Canon Law, your Committee, finding it to have adopted the Civil Law with no very essential Variation, does not feel it necessary to make any particular Statement on that Subject.

Your Committee then came to examine into the Authorities in the English Law, both as it has prevailed for many Years back, and as it has been recently received in our Courts below. They found on the Whole the Rules rather less strict, more liberal, and less loaded with positive Limitations, than in the Roman Law. The Origin of this Latitude may perhaps be sought in this Circumstance, which we know to have relaxed the Rigour of the Roman Law — Courts in England do not judge upon Evidence, secundum allegata et probata, as in other Countries, and under other Laws they do, but upon Verdict. By a Fiction of Law, they consider the Jury as supplying in some Sense the Place of Testimony. One Witness, (and for that Reason) is allowed sufficient to convict, in Cases of Felony, which in other Laws is not permitted.

In ancient Times it has happened, to the Law of England (as in pleading, so in Matter of Evidence) that a rigid Strictness in the Application of technical Rules, has been more observed than at present it is. In the more early Ages, as the Minds of the Judges were in general less conversant in the Affairs of the World, as the Sphere of their Jurisdiction was less extensive, and as the Matters which came before them were of less Variety and Complexity, the Rule being in general right, not so much Inconvenience on the Whole was found from a literal Adherence to it, than from an Endeavour towards a liberal and equitable Departure, for which further Experience, and a more continued Cultivation of Equity as a Science, had not then so fully prepared them. — In those Times, that Judicial Policy was not to be condemned. We find too that, probably from the same Cause, most of their Doctrine leaned towards the Restriction; and the old Lawyers being bred, according to the then Philosophy of the Schools, in Habits of great Subtlety and Refinement of Distinction, and having once taken that Bent, very great Acuteness of Mind w as displayed in maintaining every Rule, every Maxim, every Presumption of Law Creation, and every Fiction of Law, with a punctilious Exactness; and this seems to have been the Course which Laws have taken in every Nation #.

It was probably from this Rigour, and from a Sense

of

Antique jurisprudentia aapera quidem ilia, tenebricosa, et tristis, non tam in sequitate, quam in verborum superstitione fundata eaqwe Ciceronis aetatem fere attigit, mansitque anno* circiter 350. Quae hanc excepit, viguitque annos fere 79, superiori longe humunior; quippe quae magi* uttlitate comijnuni, quam potestate verborum, negotia moderaretur. Gravina, p. 86.

Lib. I. 01*. 9»- $7-

0 mictittnd V, Barker,

Atk. I.

34 Geo. III.

30° Aprilis.

521

of its Pressure, that, at an early Period of our Law, far more Causes of Criminal Jurisdiction were carried into the House of Lords, and the Council Board, where Laymen were Judges, than can or ought to be at present.

As the Business of Courts of Equity became more enlarged, and more methodical; as Magistrates, for a long Series of Years, presided in the Court of Chancery, who were not bred to the Common Law;

This learned Judge (commenting upon Lord Cokes Report on Doctrine, and Serjeant Hawkins's after him, that the I^sPro' Oaths of Jews and Pagans were not to be taken) says, 'mtJmi- " That this Notion, though advanced by so great a ings's Trial. " Man, is contrary to Religion, Common Sense, and " Common Humanity; and I think the Devils, to " whom he has delivered them, could not have suggested " any Thing worse."

Chief Justice Willes, admitting Lord Coke to be a

as Commerce, with its Advantages and its Necessities, great Lawyer, then proceeds in very strong Terms, and

opened a Communication more largely with other Countries; as the Law of Nature and Nations (always a Part of the Law of England) came to be cultivated; as an increasing Empire; as new Views and new Combinations of Things were opened, this an

with Marks of Contempt, to condemn " his narrow " Notions]and he treats with as litde Respect or De-

corum the ancient Authorities referred to in Defence of such Notions.

The Principle of the Departure from those Rules

tique Rigour and over-done Severity gave Way to the is clearly fixed by Lord Hardwicke; he lays it down Accommodation of Human Concerns, for which Rules as follows: " The first Ground Judges have gone were made, and not Human Concerns to bend to " upon in departing from strict Rules, is absolute them. " strict Necessity. 2dly, A presumed Necessity Of

At length, Lord Hardwicke, in One of the Cases the First he gives these Instances; " in the Case of the most solemnly argued that has been in Man's Me- " Writings subscribed by Witnesses, if all are dead.

mory, with the Aid of the greatest Learning at the Bar, and with the Aid of -all the Learning on the Bench, both Bench and Bar being then supplied with Men of the First Form, declared from the Bench, and in Concurrence with the rest of the Judges, and with the most Learned of the Long Robe, the able Council on the Side of the old restrictive Principles making no Reclamation — -

the Proof of One of their Hands is sufficient to " establish the Deed. Where an Original is lost, a " Copy may be admitted; if no Copy, then a Proof by " Witnesses who have heard the Deed; and yet it is a " Thing the Law abhors, to admit the Memory of Man " for Evidence."

This Enlargement through Two Stages of Proof, both of them contrary to the Rule of Law, and both

" That the Judges and Sages of the Law have laid abhorrent from its Principles, are by this great Judge " it down, that there is but ONE general Rule of accumulated upon one another, and are admitted, " Evidence — the best that the Nature of the Case will from Necessity, to accommodate Human Affairs, and to " admit." prevent that, which Courts are by every possible

This, then, the Master Rule, that governs all the Means instituted to prevent — A FAILURE OF subordinate Rules, does in Reality subject itself and its JUSTICE.

own Virtue and Authority to the Nature of the Case; And this Necessity is not confined within the strict and leaves no Rule at all of an independent, abstract, Limits of Physical Causes, but is more lax, and takes and substantive Quality. in moral, and even presumed and argumentative Ncces-

Sir Dudley Ryder (then Attorney-General, after- sity, a Necessity which is, in Fact, nothing more than wards Chief Justice) in his learned Argument, observed a great Degree of Expediency. The Law creates a that — fictitious Necessity against the Rules of Evidence in

" It is extremely proper, that there should be some favour of the Convenience of Trade: An Exception, " General Rules in Relation to Evidence; but, if Ex- which on a similar Principle had before been admitted in ceptions were not allowed to them, it would be better to the Civil Law, as to Mercantile Causes, in which the

" demolish all the General Rules.

" There is no general Rule without Exception " that we know of, but this, that the best Evidence " shall be admitted, which the Nature of the Case will " afford.

" I will shew, that Rules, as general as this, " are broke in upon, for the Sake of allowing Evidence.

" There is no Rule that seems more binding, than " that a Man shall not be admitted an Evidence his " own Case, and yet the Statute of Hue and Cry is an " Exception.

" A Man's Books are allowed to be Evidence, or, " which is in Substance the same, his Servant's Books, " because the Nature of the Case requires it; as in the " Case of a Brewer's Servants.

" Another general Rule, that a Wife cannot be " Witness against her Husband, has been broke in " upon in Cases of Treason.

" Another Exception to the General Rule, that a " Man may not be examined without Oath: The last " Words of a dying Man are given in Evidence, in the " Case of Murder." — Such are the Doctrines of this great Lawyer.

Chief Justice Willes concurs with Lord Hardwicke as to dispensing with strict Rules of Evidence. — Such Evidence is to be admitted as the Necessity of

Books of the Party were received to give full Effect to Gaill. I.ib.H. an insufficient Degree of Proof, called in the Nicety of ol>8-20- $5* their Distinctions a Semiplena Proba

But to proceed with Lord Hardwicke; — he observes, that " a Tradesman's Books (that is the Acts of the " Party interested himself) are admitted as Evidence,

" though no absolute Necessity, but by Reason of a " Presumption of Necessity only inferred from the Nature of Commerce.

" No Rule," continued Lord Hardwicke, " can be " more settled, than that Testimony is not to be received but upon Oath;" but he lays it down, that an Oath itself may be dispensed with. " There is another Instance," says he, " w here the lawful Oath may " be dispensed with, where our Courts admit Evidence " for the Crown without Oath."

In the same Discussion the Chief Baron (Parker) cited Cases, in which all the Rules of Evidence had given way. " There is not a more general Rule," says he, " than that Hearsay cannot be admitted, nor " Husband and Wife as Witnesses against each other;

" and yet it is notorious that from Necessity they have " been allowed, not an absolute Necessity, but a moral " one."

It is further remarkable, in this judicial Argument that Exceptions are allowed not only to Rules of Evidence, but that the Rules of Evidence themselves are

" the Case will allow of; as, for Instance, a Marriage not altogether the same, where the Subject Matter " at Utretcht, certified under the Seal of the Minister varies. The Judges have, to facilitate Justice, and " there, and of the said Town, and that they cohabited to favour Commerce, even adopted the Rules of " together as Man and Wife, was held to be sufficient Foreign Laws. — They have taken for granted, and " Proof that they were married." would not suffer to be questioned, the Regularity and

Vol. 49.- 6 R Justice

steport on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's TriaL

522

Justice of the Proceedings of Foreign Courts, and they have admitted them as Evidence, not only of the Fact of the Decision, but of the Right as to its Legality — where there are Foreign Parties and in

" Commercial Matters, the Rules of Evidence are not " quite the same as in other Instances in Courts of Justice. The Case of Hue and Cry, 47, a

" Feme Covert is not a. lawful Witness against her v‘ Husband, except in Cases of Treason, but has been " admitted in Civil Cases *. The Testimony of a Public " Notary is Evidence by the Law of; Contracts are made before a Public Notary, and no other " Witness necessary. I should think it would be no u Doubt at all, if it came in Question here, whether " this would be a valid Contract; but a Testimony " from Persons of that Credit and Reputation would be received as a very good Proof in Foreign Transactions, and would authenticate the Contract." — Cro. Chari. 365.

These Cases shew, that Courts always govern themselves by these Rules in Cases of Foreign Transactions. To this Principle Lord Hardwicke accords; and enlarging the Rule of Evidence by the Nature of the Subject, and the Exigencies of the Case, he lays it down — " that it is a common and natural Presumption, that Persons of the Gentoo Religion should " be principally apprized of Facts and Transactions in " their own Country. — As the English have only a * Factory in this Country, for it is in the Empire of " the Great Mogul, if we should admit this Evidence " [ Gentoo Evidence on a Gentoo Oath] it would be " agreeable to the Genius of the Law of ."

For this he cites the Proceedings of our Court of Admiralty — and adopts the Author who states the Precedent " That this Court will give Credit to the Sentence of the Court of Admiralty in France, and lake " it to be according to Right, and will not examine

" their Proceedings; for it would be found very inconvenient if one Kingdom should, by peculiar Laws,

" correct the Judgments and Proceedings of another " Kingdom."

Such is the Genius of the Law of England, that these Two Principles of the general moral Necessities of Things, and the Nature of the Case, over-rule every other Principle, even those Rules which seem the very strongest.

Chief Baron Parker, in Answer to an Objection made against the Infidel Deponent, " That the Plaintiff " ought to have shewn that he could not have the " Evidence of Christians." " I answer" (said the " Chief Baron) " that, repugnant to natural Justice, " in the Statue of Hue and Cry, the Robbed is admitted " to be Witness of the Robbery, as a moral or presumed " Necessity is sufficient."

The same learned Magistrate, pursuing his Argument in Favour of Liberality in opening and enlarging the Avenues to Justice, does not admit " that the Authority of One or Two Cases" is valid against Reason, Equity, and Convenience, the vital Principles of the Law. He cites Wells versus Williams, 1. Raymond 282, to shew that the Necessity of Trade has mollified the too rigorous Rules of the old Law, in their Restraint and Discouragement of Aliens. " A Jew may sue at " this Day, but heretofore he could not, for then they " were looked upon as Enemies, but now Commerce has " taught the World more Humanity; and therefore held " that an Alien Enemy, commorant here by the Licence " of the King, and under his Protection, may maintain " a Debt upon a Bond, though he did not come with n safe Conduct."

So far Parker, concurring with Raymond. — He proceeds, " It was objected by the Defendant's Counsel

A. 1794.

" that this is a. Novelty, and that what never has been " done ought not to be done." The Answer is, The " Law of England is not coffined to particular Cases;

" but is much more governed by Reason than by any " One Case whatever. The true Rule is laid down " by Lord Vaughan, fol. 37, 38, where the Law,

" saith he, is known and clear, the Judges must determine as the Law is, without Regard to the Inequitableness or Inconveniency. These Defects, if " they happen in the Law, can only be remedied by " Parliament — but where the Law is doubtful and not " clear, the Judges ought to interpret the Law to be " as is most consonant to Equity, and what is least " inconvenient."

These Principles of Equity, Convenience, and natural Reason, Lord Chief Justice Lee considered in the same ruling Light, not only as Guides in Matter of Interpretation concerning Law in general, but, in particular, as Controllers of the whole Law of Evidence, which being artificial, and made for Convenience, is to be governed by that Convenience for which it is made, and is to be wholly subservient to the stable Principles of substantial Justice. " I do apprehend," said that Chief Justice, " that the Rules of Evidence are to be " considered as artificial Rules, framed by Men for " Convenience in Courts of Justice. This is a Case " that ought to be looked upon in that Light; and I " take it, that considering Evidence in this Way [viz. according to natural Justice] is agreeable to the Genius " of the Law of England."

The Sentiments of Murray, then Solicitor General, afterwards Lord Mansfield, are of no small Weight in themselves, and they are Authority by being judicially adopted. His Ideas go to the growing Melioration of the Law, by making its Liberality keep Pace with the Demands of Justice, and the actual Concerns of the World; not restricting the infinitely diversified Occasions of Men, and the Rules of natural Justice within artificial Circumscriptions, but conforming our Jurisprudence to the Growth of our Commerce and of our Empire. This Enlargement of our Concerns, in the Year 1744 he appears almost to have foreseen, and he lived to behold it. " The Arguments on the other " Side," said that great Light of the Law (that is. Arguments against admitting the Testimony in Question from the Novelty of the Case) " prove nothing.

" Does it follow from thence, that no Witnesses "can be examined in a Case that never specifically " existed before ? or that an Action cannot be brought " in a Case that never happened before ? Reason " (being stated to be the first Ground of all Laws,

" by the Author of the Book called Doctor and Student) must determine the Case, Therefore the " only Question is, whether upon Principles of "son. Justice, and Convenience, this Witness be admissible ?

"Cases in Law depend upon the Occasions which Omichund " gave Rise to them. All Occasions do not arise at versus Baronce: Now a particular Species of Indians appears; l*1

" hereafter another Species of Indians may arise. A p^8'u su " Statute can seldom take in all Cases. — Therefore " the Common Law, that works itself pure by Rules " drawnfrom the Fountain of Justice, is for this Reason " superior to an Act of Parliament."

From the Period of this great Judgment to the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, the Law has gone on continually working itself pure (to use Lord Mansfield's Expressions) by Rules drawn from the Fountain of Justice. " General Rules," said the same Person Burrow, when he sat upon the Bench, "are wisely established Vol.Lp.301for attaining Justice with Ease, Certainty, and Dis- ?exv'J^1' " patch. But the great End of them being to do 3.04/306"

" Justice,

30° Ap.

N. B. In some Criminal Cases also, though not of Treason, Husband is admitted to prove an Assault upon his Wife, for the King, ruled by Raymond, Chief Justice, Trin. 1 ith Geo. King versus Azire. And for various other Exceptions, see Duller s Nisi Prius, 28G, 287.

Wyndham v. Chetwynd,

1st Burrow, 414.

Cowpers Reports, 109. Mayor of Hull versus Horner.

Abrahams v. Bunn,p.2254 The whole Case well worth reading.

Kingv. Bray

Wyndham

Chetwynd.

34 Geo. III.

30° Aprilis.

m

" Justice, the Court will see that it be really obtabled. The Courts have been more liberal of late " Years in their Determinations, and have more endeavoured to attend to the real Justice of the Case " than formerly."

On another Occasion, of a Proposition for setting aside a Verdict, he said, " This seems to be the true " Way to come at Justice, and what we therefore ought " to do; for the true Text is Boni judicis est ampliari " Justitiam (not Jurisdictionem, as has been often " cited.)" In Conformity to this Principle, the supposed Rules of Evidence have, in late Times and Judgments, instead of being drawn to a greater Degree of Strictness, been greatly relaxed.

" All Evidence is according to the Subject Matter " which it is applied. There is a great deal of Difference between Length of Time that operates as " a Bar to a Claim, and drat which is used only by " Way of Evidence. — Length of Time, used merely " by Way of Evidence, may be left to the Consideration of the Jury, to be credited or not, or to draw " their Inferences one Way or the other, according to " Circumstances. — I do not know an Instance which " Proof may not be supplied."

In all Cases of Evidence Lord Mansfield' % Maxim wras to lean to Admissibility, leaving the Objections, which were made to Competency, to go to Credit, and to be weighed in the Minds of the Jury, after they had heard it. — In Objections to Wills, 'and to the Testimony of Witnesses to them, he thought " it " clear that the Judges ought to lean against Objections " to the Formality."

Lord Hardwicke had before declared, with great Truth, " That the Boundaries of what goes to the " Credit, and what to the Competency, are very nice,

" and the latter carried too f;" and in the same Case he said, " that unless the Objection appeared to him

to carry a strong Danger of Perjury, and some apparent Advantage might accrue to the Witness, he " was always inclined to let it go to his Credit, only " in order to let in a proper Light to the Case, which . " would otherwise be shut out; and in a doubtful Case,

" he said, it was generally his Custom to admit the " Evidence, and give such Directions to the Jury as the " Nature of the Case might require."

It is a known Rule of Evidence, that an Interest in the Matter to be supported by Testimony, disqualifies a Witness; yet Lord Mansfield held, " That " nice Objections to a remote Interest, which could " not be paid or released (though they held in other " Cases) were not allowed to disqualify a Witness to " a Will, as Parishioners might have a Devise to the " Use of the Poor of the Parish for ever." He went still nearer, and his Doctrine tends so fully to settle the Principles of Departure from, or Adherence to, Rules of Evidence, that your Committee inserts Part of the Argument at large.

' " The Disability of a Witness from Interest is very

" different from a positive Incapacity. If a Deed " must be acknowledged before a Judge or Notary " Public, every other Person is under a positive Incapacity to authenticate it; but Objections of Interest " are Deductions from natural Reason, and proceed " upon a Presumption of too great a Bias in the Mind " of the Witness, and the Public Utility of rejecting " partial Testimony.

" Presumptions stand no longer than till the contrary " is proved.

" The Presumption of Bias may be taken off by " shewing the Witness has a great or a greater " Interest the other Way, or that he has given it " up.

" The Presumption of Public Utility may be answered, by shewing that it would be very inconvenient,

" under the particular Circumstances, not to receive such " Testimony.

Vo u 4f).

" Therefore, from the Course of Business, Necessity,

" and other Reasons of Expedience, numberle. s Exceptions are allowed to the general Rule."

These being the Principles of the latter Jurispru Lowev. Jo-dence, the Judges have suffered no positive Rule of lisse. Evidence to counteract those Principles. They have * ®!*ck-even suffered subscribing Witnesses to a Will, which p' recites the Soundness of Mind in the Testator, to be examined to prove his Insanity, and then the Court received Evidence to overturn that Testimony, and to destroy the Credit of those Witnesses. They were Five in Number, who attested to a Will and Codicil.

They were admitted to annul the Will they had themselves attested. Objections were taken to the Competency of One of the Witnesses in Support of the Will against its subscribing Witnesses. 1st, That the Witness was an Executor in Trust, and so liable to Actions. adly, As having acted under the Trust; whereby, if the Will were set aside, he would be liable to answer for Damages incurred by the Sale of the Deceased's Chambers to a Mr. Frederick. Mr. Frederick offered to submit to a Rule to release for the Sake of Public Justice. Those who maintained the Objection cited Siderfin, a Reporter of much Authority,

51. 115. and 1st Keble 134. Lord Mansfield, Chief Justice, did not controvert those Authorities; but in the Course of obtaining substantial Justice, he treated both of them with equal Contempt, though determined by Judges of high Reputation. His Words-are remarkable: " We do not now sit here to take our " Rules of Evidence from Siderfin and Keble" He over-ruled the Objection upon more recent Authorities, which, though notin similar Circumstances, he considered as within the Reason. The Court did not think it necessary that the Witness should release, as he had offered to do.

"It appeared on this Trial (says Justice Blackstone)

" that a black Conspiracy was formed to set aside " the Gentleman's Will, without any Foundation " whatever." A Prosecution against Three of the testamentary Witnesses was recommended, who were afterwards convicted of Perjury. Had strict Formalities, with regard to Evidence, been adhered to in any Part of this Proceeding, that very black Conspiracy would have succeeded, and those black Conspirators, instead of receiving the Punishment of their Crimes, would have enjoyed the Reward of their Per-

jury-

Lord Man field, it seems, had been misled in a cer- Hnrrow.1147. tain Case with regard to Precedents. His Opinion Zouchex was against the Reason and Equity of the supposed Practice, but he supposed himself not at Liberty to Woolston. " give Way to his own Wishes and Opinions. On discovering his Error he considered himself as freed from an intolerable Burthen, and hastened to undo his former Determination. " There are no Precedents," said he with some Exultation, " which " stand in the Way of our determining liberally,

" equitably, and according to the true Intention of the " Parties." In the same Case, his learned Assessor,

Justice Wilmot, felt the same Sentiments. His Expressions are remarkable: " Courts of Law ought to " concur with Courts of Equity in the execution of " those Powers which are very convenient to be inserted in Settlements; and they ought not to listen " to nice Distinctions that savour of the Schools, but to " be guided by true good Sense and manly Reason.

" After the Statute of Uses it is much to be lamented,

" that the Courts of Common Law had not adopted " all the Rules and Maxims of Courts of Equity.

" This would have prevented the Absurdity of receiving Costs in One Court, and paying them in " another." — Your Committee does 'not produce the Doctrine of this particular Case as directly applicable to their Charge, no more than several of the others here cited. We do not know on what Precedents

524

SOb Aprilis.

A. 1794*

ItepfVt on Lords Procaines on

«ng8» Trial.

1st Siderfin, p. 431-

love's Trial, State Trials, Vol. IL p. 144» 171 to 173, and 177; and Foster's Crown Law, P-235-

cedents or Principles the Evidence proposed by us has been deemed inadmissible by the Judges; therefore against the Grounds of this Rejection we find it difficult directly to oppose any Thing. These Precedents, and these Doctrines, are brought' to shew the general Temper of the Courts, their growing Liberality, and the general Tendency of all their Reasonings and all their Determinations to set aside all such technical Subtleties, or formal Rules, which might stand in the Way of the Discovery of Truth, and the Attainment of Justice. — The Cases are adduced for the Principles they contain.

The Period of the Gases and Arguments we have cited was that in which large and liberal Principles of Evidence were more., declared, and more regularly brought into System. But they had been gradually improving; and there are. few Principles of the later Decisions which are not to be found in Determinations on Cases prior to the Time we refer to Not ta overdo this Matter, and yet to bring it with some Degree of Clearness before the House, your Committee will refer , but to a few Authorities, and those which seem most immediately to relate to the Nature of the Cause entrusted to them. In Michaelmas, 11 W. III. The King v. The Warden of the Fleet — A Witness, wha had really been a. Prisoner and voluntarily suffered to escape, was produced to prove the Escape. To the Witness it was objected, that he had given a Bond to be a true prisoner, which he had forfeited by escaping: Besides, he had been re-taken. His Testimony was allowed; and by the Court, among other Things, it was said, In secret Transactions, if any of the Parties concerned are not to be, for the Necessity of the Third, admitted as Evidence, it will be impossible to detect the Practice; as in Cases' of the Statute of Hue and Cry the Party robbed shall be a Witness to charge the Hundred; and in the Case of Cooke v. Watts in the Exchequer, where one who had been prejudiced by the Will was admitted an Evidence to prove it forged *. So in the Case of King v. Harris, where a Feme Covert was admitted as a Witness for lently drawing her in, when sole, to give a Warrant of Attorney for confessing a Judgment on an unlawful Consideration, whereby Execution was sued out against her Husband; and Holt, Chief Justice, held, that a Feme Covert could not, by Law, be a Witness to convict one on an Information; yet, in Lord s

Case, it being a Rape on her Person, she was received to give Evidence against him, and the Court concurred with him, because it was the best Evidence the Nature of the Thing would allow.

This Decision of Holt refers to others more early, and all on the same Principle; and it is not of this Day that this One great Principle of eminent public Expedience, this moral Necessity f, " that Crimes " should not escape with Impunity," has in all Cases overborne. all the common Juridical Rules of Evidence — It has even prevailed over the first and most natural Construction of Acts of Parliament, and that in Matters of so penal a Nature as High Treason. It is known that Statutes made, not to open and enlarge, but on fair Grounds to straiten Proofs, require Two Witnesses in Cases of High Treason. So it was understood without Dispute, and without Distinction, until the Argument of a Case in the High Court of Justice, during the Usurpation: It was the Case of the Presbyterian Minister, Love, tried for High Treason, against the Commonwealth, in an Attempt to restore the King. In this Trial it was contended for and admitted, that One Witness to One overt Act, and One to another overt Act of the same Treason, ought to be deemed sifficiec-t.;

That Precedent, though furnished in Times from which Precedents were cautiously drawn, was received as Authority throughout the whole Reign of Charles the Second. It was equally followed after the Resolution; and at this Day it is undoubted Law. It is not so from the natural or technical Rules of Construction of the Act of Parliament, but from the Principles of Juridical Policy. All the Judges who have rilled it, all the Writers of Credit who have written upon it, assign this Reason, and this only — That Treasons being plotted in Secrecy, could in few Cases be otherwise to Punishment.

The same Principle of Policy has dictated a Principle of Relaxation, with regard to severe Rules of Evidence, in all Cases similar, though of a lower Order in the Scale of Criminality. It is against fundamental Maxims that an Accomplice should be admitted as a Witness — But Accomplices are admitted from the Policy of Justice, otherwise Confederacies of Crime could not be dissolved.

There is no Rule more solid than that a Man shall not entitle himself to profit by his own Testimony. But an Informer, in Case of Highway Robbery, may obtain Forty Pounds to his own Profit by his own Evidence: This is not in Consequence of positive Provision in the Act of Parliament — It is a Provision of Policy, lest the Purpose of the Act should be defeated.

Now,' if Policy has dictated this very large Construction of an Act of Parliament, concerning High. Treason; if the same Policy has dictated Exceptions, to the clearest and broadest Rules of Evidence, in other highly penal Causes; and if all this Latitude is. taken concerning Matters for the greater Part within our insular Bounds; — your Committee could not, with Safety to the larger and more remedial Justice of the Law of Parliament, admit any Rules, or pretended Rules, uncorrected and uncontrolled by Circumstances, to prevail in a Trial, which regarded Offences of a Nature as difficult of Detection, and committed far from the Sphere of the ordinary Practice of our Courts.

If any Thing of an over-formal Strictness is introduced into the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, it does not seem to be copied from the Decisions of these Tribunals. It is with great Satisfaction your Committee has found, that the Reproach of " disgraceful " Subtleties " inferior Rules of Evidence, which prevent the Discovery of Truth, of Forms, and Modes of , Proceeding, which stand in the Way of that Justice, the forwarding of w'hich is the sole rational Object of their Invention, cannot fairly be imputed to the Common Law of England, or to the ordinary Practice of the Courts below.

CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE, $c.

The Rules of Evidence in Civil and in Criminal Cases, in Law and in Equity, being only Reason methodized, are certainly the same. Your Committee however finds, that the far greater Part of the Law of Evidence to be found- in our Books turns upon Questions relative to Civil Concerns.' Civil Cases regard Property: Now, although Property itself is not, yet almost every Thing concerning Property, and ail its Modifications, is of artificial Contrivance. The Rules concerning it become more positive, as connected with positive Institution. The Legislature therefore always, the Jurist frequently, may ordain certain Methods, by which alone they will suffer such Matters to be known and established, because their very Essence.

In this single Point Holt did not concur with the rest of the Judges, f Interest Reipublictc ut maleficia ne remaneant impunita.

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

sence, for the greater 'Part, depends on the arbitrary Conventions of Men. Men act on them with all the Power of a Creator over his Creature. They make Fictions of Law, and.Presumptions of Law tiones Juris et de Jure) according to their Ideas of Utility — and against those Fictions and against Presumptions so created, they do and may reject all Evidence. ,' Howeyier, even in these Cases, there is some Restraint. Lord Mansfield has let in a liberal Spirit, against the Fictions of Law themselves; and Burrow, 815. he declared, that' he would do what in one Case he Copendal, v. actually did, and most wisely — that he would admit Bridget). Evidence against a Fiction of Law, when the Fiction militated against the Policy on which it was made.

Thus it is with Things which owe their Existence to Men: But, where the Subject is of a Physical Nature, or of a Moral Nature independent of their Conventions, Men have no other reasonable Authority, than to register and digest the Results of Experience and Observation! Crimes are the Actions of Physical Beings, with an evil Intention abusing their Physical Powers against Justice, and to the Detriment of Society. In this Case Fictions of Law and artificial Presumptions (Juris et de Jure) have little or no Place. The Presumptions which belong to Criminal Cases are those natural and popular Presumptions which are only Observations turned into Maxims, like Adages and Apothegms, and are admitted (when their Grounds are established) in the Place of Proof, where better is wanting, but are to be always overturned by Counter Proof.

These Presumptions mostly go to th In

all Criminal Cases, the Crime (except where the Law itself implies Malice) consists rather in the Intention than the Action. Now, the Intention is proved but by two Wayseither, 1st, by Confession — this First Case is rare but simple — 2dly, by circumstantial Prpof. This is difficult, and requires Care and Pains: The Connection of the Intention and the Circumstances is plainly of such a Nature as more to depend on the Sagacity of the Observer, than on the Excellence of any Rule. The Pains taken by the Civilians on that Subject, have not been Very fruitful: and the English Law Writers have, perhaps, as wisely, in a Manner abandoned the Pursuit.

In Truth, it seems a wild Attempt to lay down any Rule for the Proof of Intention by circumstantial Evidence; all the Acts of the Party; all Things that explain or throw Light on these Acts; all the Acts of others relative to the Affair, that come to his Knowledge, and may influence him; his Friendships and Enmities, his Promises, his. Threats, the Truth of his Discourses, the Falsehood of his Apologies, Pretences, and Explanations, his Looks, his Speech; his Silence where he was called to speak; every Thing which tends to establish the Connection between all these Particulars; — every Circumstance, precedent, concomitant, and subsequent, become Parts of circumstantial Evidence. These are in their Nature infinite, and cannot be comprehended within any Rule, or brought under any Classification.

Now, as the Force of that presumptive and conjectural Proof, rarely, if ever, depends on One Fact only, but is collected from the Number and Accumulation of Circumstances concurrent in One Point, we do not find an Instance, until this Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, (which has produced many Novelties) that Attempts have been made by any Court to call on the Prosecutor for an Account of the Purpose for which he means to produce each Particle of this circumstantial Evidence, to take up the Circumstances One by One, to prejudge the Efficacy of each Matter separately in proving the Point; and thus to break to Pieces and to garble those Facts, upon the Multitude of which, their Combination, and the Relation of all their component Parts to each other and to the Vo l. 49.

Culprit, the whole Force and Virtue of this Evidence Report on depends. To do any thing which can destroy this 1^,<!8 Pro" collective Effect, is to deny circumstantial Evi- Hast*

dence. ings's Trial.

Your Committee too cannot but express their Surprize at the particular Period of the present Trial, when the Attempts to which we have alluded, first began to be made. The two first great Branches of the Accusation of this House against Warren Hastings, Esquire, relate to public and notorious Acts, capable of direct Proof; such as the Expulsion of Chet Sing, with its Consequences on the Province of Benares, and the Seizure of the Treasures and Jaghires of the Begums of Oude. Yet, in- the Proof of those Crimes, your Committee cannot justly complain, that we were very narrowly circumscribed in the Production of much circumstantial as well as positive Evidence. We did not find any serious Resistance on this Head, till we came to make good our Charges of secret Crimes; Crimes of a Class and Description, in the Proof of which all Judges of all Countries have found it necessary to relax almost all their Rules of Competency; such Crimes as Peculation, pecuniary Frauds, Extortion, and Bribery. Eight out of Nine of the Questions put to the Judges by the Lords, in the First Stage of the Prosecution, related to Circumstances offered in Proof of these secret Crimes.

Much Industry and Art have been used, among the illiterate and unexperienced, to throw Imputations on this Prosecution,. and its Conduct, because so great a Proportion of the Evidence offered- on this Trial (especially on the latter Charges) has been circumstantial. Against the Prejudices of the Ignorant, your Committee opposes the Judgment of the Learned.

It is known to them that, when this Proof is in its greatest. Perfection, that is when it is most abundant in Circumstances, it is much superior to positive Proof; and for this we have the Authority of the learned Judge who presided at the Trial of Captain Donellan: —

" On the Part of the Prosecution, a great deal of " Evidence has been laid before you. — It is all cir-

"cumstantial Evidence, and in its Nature it must be " so; for, in Cases of this Sort, no Man is weak

"enough to commit the Act in the Presence of other " Persons, or to suffer them to see what he does at " the Time; and therefore it can only be made out " by Circumstances, either before the committing of " the Act, at the Time when it was committed, or " subsequent to it; and a Presumption, which necessarily arises from Circumstances, is very often " more convincing and more satisfactory than any " other Kind of Evidence, because it is not within " the Reach and Compass of Human Abilities to invent a Train of Circumstances which shall be so " connected together as to amount to a Proof of " Guilt, without affording Opportunities of contradieting a great Part, if not all, of these Circumstances. But if the Circumstances are such as,

" when laid together, bring Conviction to your Minds,

" it is then fully equal, if not, as I told you before,

" more convincing than positive Evidence."

In the Trial of Donellan no such Selection was used as we have lately experienced; no Limitation to the Production of every Matter, before, at, and after the Fact charged.

The Trial was (as we conceive) rightly conducted by the learned Judge — because secret Crimes, such as. secret Assassination, Poisoning, Bribery, Peculation, and Extortion (the Three last of which this House has charged upon Mr. Hastings) can very rarely be proved in any other Way. That Way of Proof is made to give Satisfaction to a searching, equitable, and intelligent Mind; and there must not be a Failure of Justice. Lord Mansfield has said that he did not Vide supra.

6 S know

526

30° Ap

A. 1794.

RdpoK on know & Ctfsd, in which Proof might not he sup-I/frd'a Prei- plied.

M^Hant* Your Committee has resorted to the Trial of Donet-iiifs's Trial. Ion; and they have, and do much rely upon it, First, on Account of the known Learning and Ability of the Judge who tried the Cause, and the particular Attention he has paid to the subject of Evidence, which forms a Book in his Treatise on Nisi Next, because,

as the Trial went wholly on circumstantial Evidence, the Proceedings in it furnish some of the most complete and the fullest Examples on that Subject. 3dly, Because the Case is recent; and the Law cannot be supposed to be materially altered since the Time of that Event.

Comparing the Proceedings on that Trial, and the Doctrines from the Bench, with the Doctrines we have heard from the Woolsack, your Committee cannot comprehend how they can be reconciled.

For, the Lords compelled the Managers to declare for what Purpose they produced each separate Member of their circumstantial Evidence; a Thing, as we conceive, not usual, and particularly not observed in the Trial of Donellan. We have observed in that Trial, and in most others which we have had Occasion to resort to, that the Prosecutor is suffered to proceed narratively and historically, without Interruption. If indeed it appears on the Face of the Narration, that what is represented to have been said, written, or done, did not come to the Knowledge of the Prisoner, a Question sometimes, but rarely, has been asked, whether the Prisoner could be affected with the Knowledge of it When a Connection with Gird wood's the Person of the Prisoner has been in any Way shewn, Case. or even promised to be shewn, the Evidence is allowed

Leach,p.128. to go on without further Opposition. The sending Gordon's of a sealed Letter, the Receipt of a sealed Letter in-Ca£e‘ ferred from the Delivery to the Prisoner's Servant, ^ord Pres hare Possession of a Paper written by any other

ton's Case" Person, on the Presumption that the Contents of such St. Tr. IV. Letters, or such Paper, were known to the Prisoner; p. 439- and the being present when any Thing was said or Layer's Case done, on the Presumption of his seeing or hearing St. Tr. V I. what passed, have been respectively ruled to be suffi-Foste^s cient* If> on the other Hand, no Circumstance of Crown^ Law Connection has been proved, the Judge, in summing p. 198. ' up, has directed the Jury to pay no Regard to a Let-

Canning's for or Conversation, the Proof of which has so failed Trial. St. Tr. — a Course much less liable to Inconvenience, where X. p. 263. the same Persons decide both the Law and the ,27°- Fact.

Dutchesfo* To illustrate the Difficulties to which your Committee Kingston. was subjected on thi& Head, we think it sufficient to sub-St. Tr. XI. mit to the House (reserving a more full Discussion of P- 244. this important Point to another Occasion) the following Trial of Hug- short Statement of an Incident which occurred in this

g'lv.ix. Trial:

p. 119,120. By an express Order of the Court of Directors (to 135- which by the express Words of the Act of Parliament

under which he held his Office he was ordered to yield Obedience) Mr. Hastings and his Colleagues were directed to make an Enquiry into all Offences of Bribery and Corruption in Office. — On the nth of March a Charge, in Writing, of Bribery and Corruption in Office was brought against himself. On the 13th of the same Month, the Accuser, a Man of high Rank, the Rajah Nundcomar, appears personally before the Council to make good his Charge against Mr. Hastings before his own Face. Mr. Hastings thereon fell into a very intemperate Heat, obstinately refused to be present at the Examination, attempted to dissolve the Council, and contumaciously retired from it. Three of the other Members, a Majority of the Council, in Execution of their Duty, and in Obedience to the Orders received under the Act of 'Parliament, proceeded to take the Evidence, which is very minute and particular, and was entered in the Records of the

3

Council by the regular Official Secretary. It Was. afterwards read in Mr. Hastings's own Presence, and by him transmitted, under his own Signature, to the Court of Directors. A separate Letter was also written by him, about the same Time, desiring, on his Part, that in any Enquiry into his Conduct " not a. single Word should " escape Observation."

This Proceeding in the Council, your Committee, in its natural Order, and in a narrative Chain of cir cumstantial Proof, offered in Evidence.. — It was not permitted to be read — and on the 30th and 21st of May 1789, we were told, from the Woolsack, " that " when a Paper is not Evidence by itself" (such this Part of the Consultation it seems was reputed) " a " Party who wishes to introduce a Paper of that " Kind, is called upon not only to state, but to make " out on Proof, the whole the Grounds upon which " he proceeds to make that Paper proper " That the Evidence that is produced must be the " Demeanour of the Party respecting that Paper; and " it is the Connection between them, as material to " the Charge depending, that will enable them to be " produced."

Your Committee observes, that this was not a Paper foreign to the Prisoner, and sent to him as a the Receipt of which, and his Conduct thereon, were to be brought home to him, to infer his Guilt from his Demeanour. It was an Office Document of his own Department, concerning himself, and kept by Officers of his own, and by himself transmitted, as we have said, to the Court of Directors. Its Proof was in the Record. The Charge made against him, and his Demeanour on being acquainted with it, were not in separate Evidence. They all lay together, and composed a connected Narrative of the Business, authenticated by himself.

In that Case it seems to your Committee extremely irregular and preposterous to demand previous ana extraneous Proofs of the Demeanour of the Party respecting the Paper, and the Connection between them, as material to the Charge depending; for this would be to try what the Effect and Operation of the Evidence would be on the Issue of the Cause, before its Production.

The Doctrine so laid down, demands that every several Circumstance should in itself be conclusive, or at least should afford a violent Presumption; it must, we were told, without Question, be material to the Charge depending: But, as we conceive, its Materiality, more or less, is not in the First Instance to be established. To make it admissible, it is enough to give Proof, or to raise a Legal Inference' of its Connection both with the Charge depending, and the Person of the Party charged, where it does not appear on the Face of the Evidence offered. Besides, by this new Doctrine, the Materiality required to be shewn must be decided from a Consideration, not of the whole Circumstance, but in Truth of One Half of the Circumstance of a Demeanour, unconnected with, and unexplained by that on which it arose, though the Connection between the Demeanour of the Party and the Paper is that which must be shewn to be material. Your Committee, after all they have heard, is yet to learn how the full Force and Effect of any Demeanour, as Evidence of Guilt or Innocence, can be known, unless it be also fully known to what that Demeanour applied; unless when a Person did or said any Thing, it be known, not generally and abstractedly, that a Paper was read to him, but particularly and specifically what were the Contents Whether they were Matters lightly or weightily alledged; within the Power of the Party accused to have confuted on the Spot, if false; or such as, though he might have denied, he could not instantly have disproved. The Doctrine appeared, and still appears, to your Committee to be totally abhorrent from the

Genius

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

527

Genius of circumstantial Evidence, and mischievously subversive of its Use. We did, however, offer that extraneous Proof which was demanded of us, but it was refused, as well as the Office Document.

Your Committee thought themselves the more bound to contend for every mode of Evidence to the Intention; because in many of the Cases the gross Fact was admitted, and the Prisoner and his Counsel set up Pretences of Public Necessity and Public Service for his Justification. No Way lay open for rebutting this Justification, but by bringing out all the Circumstances attendant on the Transaction.

ORDER and TIME g/TRODyCING EVIDENCE.

Your Committee found great Impediment in the Production of Evidence, not only on Account of the general Doctrines supposed to exist concerning its Inadmissibility drawn from its own alledged natural Incompetency, or from its Inapplicability under the Pleading of the Impeachment of this House; but also from the Mode of Proceeding in bringing it forward. Here Evidence which we thought necessary to the Elucidation of the Cause was not suffered, upon the supposed Rules of Examination in Chief, and Cross Examination — and on supposed Rules, forming a Distinction between Evidence originally produced on the Charge, and Evidence offered on the Reply.

On all these, your Committee observes in general, that if the Rules which respect the Substance of the Evidence are (as the great Lawyers on whose Authority we stand assert they are) no more than Rules of Convenience, much more are those subordinate Rules which regard the Order, the Manner, and the Time of the Arrangement. These are purely arbitrary; without the least Reference to any fixed Prin ciple in the Nature of Things, or to any settled Maxim of Jurisprudence, and consequently are variable at every Instant, as the Conveniencies of the Cause may require.

We admit that in the Order of mere Arrangement, there is a Difference between Examination of Witnesses in Chief, and Cross Examination, and that in general these several Parts are properly cast, according to the Situation of the- Parties in the Cause; but there neither is nor can be any precise Rule to discriminate the exact Bounds between Examination and Cross Examination. So as to Time, there is necessarily some Limit, but a Limit hard to fix: The only one which can be fixed with any tolerable Degree of Precision, is, when the Judge, after fully hearing all Parties, is to consider of his Verdict or his Sentence. Whilst the Cause continues under Hearing in any Shape, or in any Stage of the Process, it is the Duty of the Judge to receive every Offer of Evidence, apparently material, suggested to him, though the Parties themselves, through Negligence, Ignorance, or corrupt Collusion, should not bring it forward. A Judge is not placed in that high Situation merely as a passive Instrument of Parties: He has a Duty of his own, independent of them, and that Duty is to investigate the Truth. There may be no Prosecutor. — In our Law a permanent Prosecutor is not of Necessity. The Crown Prosecutor in Criminal Cases is a Grand Jury; and this is dissolved instantly on its Findings and its Presentments. But if no Prosecutor appears (and it has happened more than once) the Court is obliged through its Officer, the Clerk of the Arraigns, to examine and Cross-examine every Witness who presents himself; and die Judge is to see ‘it done effectually, and to act his own Part in it; and this as long as Evidence shall be offered within the Time which the Mode of Trial will admit.

Your Committee is of Opinion, that if it has hap-Vol. 49.

pened, that Witnesses or other Kinds of Evidence have Report on not been ^frequently produced after the closing of the L01^8 Pro* Prisoner's Defence, or such Evidence has not been in Reply given, it has happened from the peculiar Nature inp'8 Trial, of our common Judicial Proceedings, in which all the Matter of Evidence must be presented, whilst the Bodily Force and the Memory, or other Mental Faculties of Men, can hold out This does not exceed the Compass of One Natural Day, or thereabouts; during that short Space of Time, new Evidence very rarely occurs for Production by any of the Parties; because the Nature of Men, joined to the Nature of the Tribunals, and of the Mode of Trial at Common Law (good and useful on the Whole) prescribe Limits which the mere Principles of Justice would of themselves never fix.

But in other Courts, such as the Court of Chancery, the Courts of Admiralty Jurisdiction (except in Prize Causes under the Act of Parliament) and in the Ecclesiastical Courts wherein the Trial is not by an inclosed Jury in those Courts, such strait Limits are not of course necessary: The Cause is continued by many Harrison's Adjournments; as long as the Trial lasts, new Wit- Practice of nesses are examined, even after the regular Stage for VoMnf 46. each Party, on a special Application, under the Cir- i.ch.Ca.228. cumstances, to the sound Discretion, of the Court, i.Ch.Ca.25. where the Evidence offered is newly come to the Know- Oughton. ledge or Power of the Party, and appears on the Face ^"TiV of it to be material in the Cause. Even after Hearing, viner, Tit. new Witnesses have been examined, or former Wit- Evidence, nesses re-examined, not as the Right of the Parties, (P-) but ad informandam Conscientiam judicis. All these Things are not unfrequent in some, if not in all of these Courts, and perfectly known to the Judges of Westminster Hall, who cannot be supposed ignorant of the Practice of the Court of Chancery; and who sit to try Appeals from the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical Courts as Delegates.

But as Criminal Prosecutions, according to the Forms of the Civil and Canon Law, are neither many nor important in any Court of this Part of the Kingdom, your Committee thinks it right to state the undisputed Principle of the Imperial Law, from the great Writer on this Subject before cited by us; — Carpz.Pract. from Carpsovius. He says, " that a Doubt has arisen Saxon.

" whether Evidence being once given in a Trial on p^jji.

" a public Prosecution (In processu and Quest. 114.

" the Witnesses being examined, it may be allowed N* 13.

" to form other and new Articles, and to produce " new Witnesses." Your Committee must here observe, that the Processus Inquisitorius is that Proceeding in which the Prosecution is carried on in the Name of the Judge acting ex Officio-, from that Duty of his Office, which is called the nobile Officium Judicis. For the Judge under the Imperial Law possesses both those Powers, the Inquisitorial and the Judicial, which in the High Court of Parliament are more aptly divided and exercised by the different Houses: and in this Kind of Process the House will see that Carpzovius couples the Production of new Witnesses and the forming of new Articles (the undoubted Privilege of the Commons) as intimately and necessarily connected. He then proceeds to solve the Doubt — " Certainly'' (says he) " there are Authors who deny, that, after Publication of the Depositions, any new Witnesses and " Proofs, that can affect die Prisoner, ought to be " received, which" (says he) " is true in a Case where " a private Prosecutor has intervened, who produces " the Witnesses. But if the Judge proceeds by Way " of Inquisition ex Officio, then, even after the Completion of the Examination of Witnesses against the " Prisoner, new Witnesses may be received and examined; and on new Grounds of Suspicion arising,

" new Articles may be formed according to the " common Opinion of the Doctors; and as it is the

most

Carpz. Pract.

Saxon.

Crimin.

Part III. Quest. 106. N* 89.

22 Jac. I. 1624.

528

30° Ap

A. 1794.

xt most generally received, so it is most agreeable to " Reason."

#. And in another Chapter, relative to the ordinary Criminal Process by a private Prosecutor, he lays it down, on the Authority of Angelas, Bartolus, and others, that after the Right of the Party prosecuting is expired, the Judge taking up the Matter ex Officio may direct new Witnesses and new Proofs, even after Publication. Other Passages from the same Writer, and from others, might be added; but your Committee trusts that what they have produced is sufficient to shew the general Principles of the Imperial Criminal Law.

The High Court of Parliament bears in its Modes of Proceeding a much greater Resemblance to the Course of the Court of Chancery, the Admiralty, and Ecclesiastical Courts (which are the King's Courts too, and their Law the Law of the Land) than to those of the Common Law.

The Accusation is brought into Parliament at this very Day by exhibiting Articles; which your Committee is informed, is the Regular Mode of commencing a Criminal Prosecution, where the Office of the Judge is promoted in the Civil and Canon Law Courts of this Country. The Answer again is usually, specific, both to the Fact and the Law alledged in each particular Article, which is agreeable to the Proceeding of the Civil Liw, and not of the Common Law.

Anciently the Resemblance was much nearer and stronger. Selden, who was himself a great Ornament of the Common Law, and who was personally engaged in most of the Impeachments of his Time, has written expressly on the Judicature in Parliament. In his Fourth Chapter, intituled, Of Witnesses, he lays down the Practice of his Time, as well as of ancient Times, with respect to the Proof by Examination; and it is clearly a Practice more similar to that of the Civil than the Common Law.

" The Practice at this Day" (says he) " is to swear " the Witnesses in open House, and then to examine " them there, or at a Committee, either upon

"gatories agreed upon in the House, or such as the " Committee in their Discretion shall demand — thus " it was in ancient Times, as shall appear by the " Precedents, so many as they are, they being very " sparing to record those Ceremonies, which I shall " briefly recite, I then add those of later Times."

Accordingly, in Times so late as those of the Trial of Lord Middlesex, upon an Impeachment of the Commons, the whole Course of the Proceeding, especially in the Mode of adducing the Evidence, was in a Manner the same as in the Civil Law: Depositions were taken, and Publication regularly passed; and on the Trial of Lord Strafforde, both Modes pointed out by Selden seem to have been indifferently used.

It follows, therefore, that this High Court (bound by none of their Rules) has a Liberty to adopt the Methods of any of the legal Courts of the Kingdom at its Discretion; and in sound Discretion it ought to adopt those which bear the nearest Resemblance to its own Constitution, to its own Procedure, and to its Exigencies in the Promotion of Justice.

There are Conveniencies and Inconveniencies both in the shorter and the longer Mode of Trial. But to bring the Methods observed (if such are in Fact observed) in the former, only from Necessity, into the latter, by Choice, is to load it with the Inconveniency of both, without the Advantages of either. The chief Benefit of any Process which admits of Adjournments, is that it may afford Means of fuller Information and more mature Deliberation. — If neither of the Parties have a strict Right to it, yet the Court or the Jury, as the Case may be, ought to demand it.

Your Committee is of Opinion, that all Rules relative to Laches or Neglects in a Party to the Suit,

which may cause Nonsuit on the One Hand, or Judgment by Default in the other, all Things which cause the Party Cadere injure, ought not to be adhered to in the utmost Rigour, even in Civil Cases; but still less ought that Spirit, which takes Advantage of Lapses and Failures on either Part, to be suffered to govern in Causes Criminal. " Judges ought * to lean against every Attempt to nonsuit a Plaintiff " on Objections, which have no Relation to the real " Merits. It is unconscionable in a Defendant to " take Advantage of the Apices Litigandi — against " such Objections, every possible Presumption ought to " be made which Ingenuity can suggest. How disgraceful would it be to the Administration of Justice " to allow Chicane to obstruct Right! " This Observation of Lord Mansfield applies equally to every Means by which, indirectly as well as directly, the Cause may fail upon any other Principles than those of its Merits. He thinks, that all the Resources of Ingenuity ought to be employed to baffle Chicane, not to support it. The Case in which Lord Mansfield has delivered this Sentiment is merely a Civil One. In Civil Causes of meum 8$ tuum, it imports little to the Commonwrealth, whether Titus or Mcevius profits of a Legacy; or whether John a Nokes or John a Stiles is seised of the Manor of Dale. For which Reason, in many Cases, the private Interests of Men are left by Courts to suffer by their own Neglects, and their own Want of Vigilance, as their Fortunes are permitted to suffer from the same Causes in all the Concerns of common Life. But in Crimes, where the Prosecution is on the Part of the Public (as all Criminal Prosecutions are, except Appeals) the Public Prosecutor ought not to be considered as a Plaintiff in a Cause of meum <§ tuum; nor the Prisoner, in such a Cause, as a common Defendant. In such a Cause the State itself is highly concerned in the Event: On the other Hand, the Prisoner may lose Life, which all the Wealth and Power of all the States in the World cannot restore to him. Undoubtedly the State ought not to be weighed against Justice; but it would be dreadful indeed if Causes of such Importance should be sacrificed to petty Regulations, of mere secondary Convenience, not at all adapted to such Concerns, nor even made with a View to their Existence. Your Committee readily adopts the Opinion of the learned Ryder, that it would be better if there were no such Rules, than that there should be no Exceptions to them. Lord Hardwicke declared very properly, in the Case of the Earl of Chesterfield against Sir Abraham Janson, " That political Arguments, in the fullest " Sense of the Word, as they concerned the Government of a Nation, must be, and always have been, " of great Weight in the Consideration of this Court. " Though there be no Dolus Malus in Contracts, " with regard to other Persons, yet if the rest of " Mankind are concerned as well as the Parties, it " may be properly said, it regards the Public Utility." Lord Hardwicke laid this down in a Cause of meum 8? tuum, between Party and Party, where the Public was concerned only remotely, and in the Example; not as in this Prosecution, when the political Arguments are infinitely stronger, the Crime relating, and in the most eminent Degree relating, to the Public.

One Case has happened since the Time which is limited by the Order of the House for this Report: It is so very important, that we think ourselves justified in submitting it to the House without Delay. Your Committee, on the supposed Rules here alluded to, has been prevented (as of Right) from examine ing a Witness of Importance in the Case, and One on whose supposed Knowledge of his most hidden Transactions, the Prisoner had himself, in all Stages of this Business, as the House well knows, endeavoured to raise ‘Presumptions in Favour of his Cause. Indeed

it

Morris t. Pugh and others. Burrow, p.1243. See also Burrow, 4. Dickson v. Fisher. Alderv.Chip. Grey v. Smylhies. Blackstone's Reports. N.B. All from the same Judge, and proceeding on the same Principles.

Atkyns's Reports, Vol. I. Chesterfield v. Janson.

State Trials, Vol. III. p.170.

34 Geo. III. 30° Ap52Q

it was his principal if not only Justification, as to the Intention, in many different Acts of Corruption charged upon him. — The Witness to whom we allude, is Mr. Larkins.

This Witness came from India after your Committee had closed the Evidence of this House, in Chief; and could not be produced before the Time of the Reply; Your Committee was not suffered to examine him; not, as they could find, on Objections to the particular Question, as improper, but upon some or other of the general Grounds (as they believe) on which Mr. Hastings resisted any Evidence from him. The Party, after having resisted his Production, on the next Sitting Day admitted him; and by Consent he was examined: Your Committee entered a Protest on the Minutes in Favour of their Right.

Your Committee contended, and do contend, that by the Law of Parliament, whilst the Trial lasts, they have full Right to call new Evidence, as the Circumstances may afford, and the Posture of the Cause may demand it. This Right seems to have been asserted by the Managers for the Commons in the Case of Lord Stafford — 32 Cha. II.

The Managers, in that Case, claimed it as the Right of the Commons to produce Witnesses for the Purpose of fortifying their former Evidence. — Their Claim was admitted by the Court. It is an adjudged Case in the Law of Parliament.

Your Committee is well aware, that the notorious Perjury and Infamy of the Witnesses in the Trial of Lord Stafford has been used to throw a Shade of Doubt and Suspicion on all that was transacted on that Occasion. But there is no Force in such an Objection. Your Committee has no Concern in the Defence of these Witnesses; nor of the Lords who found their Verdict on such Testimony; nor of the Morality of those who produced it. Much may be said to palliate Errors on the Part of the- Prosecutors and Judges, from the Heat of the Times, arising from the great Interests then agitated. But it is plain, there may be Perjury in Witnesses, or even Conspiracy unjustly to prosecute, without the least Doubt of the Legality and Regularity of the Proceedings in any Part This is too obvious and too common to need Argument or Illustration.

The Proceeding in Lord s Case never has,

now for an Hundred and Fourteen Years, either in the warm Controversies of Parties, or in the cool Disquisitions of Lawyers or Historians, ever been questioned. The Perjury of the Witnesses has been more doubted at some Periods, than the Regularity of the Process has been at any Period.

The learned Lawyer who led for the Commons in that Impeachment (Serjeant Maynard) had, near Forty Years before, taken a forward Part in the great Cause of the Impeachment of Lord Strafforde; and was, perhaps, of all Men then in England, the most conversant in the Law and Usage of Parliament. Jones was one of the ablest Lawyers of his Age. His Colleagues were eminent Men.

In the Trial of Lord Strafforde (which has attracted the Attention of History more than any other, on Account of the Importance of the Cause itself, the Skill and Learning of the Prosecutors, and the eminent Abilities of the Prisoner) after the Prosecutors for the Commons had gone through their Evidence on the Articles; after the Prisoner had also made his Defence, either upon each severally, or upon each Body of Articles as they had been collected into One; and the Managers had, in the same manner, replied; when, previous to the general concluding Reply of the Prosecutors, the Time of the general summing up (or Recollection as it was called) of the whole Evidence on the Part of Lord Strafforde arrived, the Managers produced new Evidence. Your Committee wishes to call the particular Attention of the House Vol. 49.

to this Case, as the Contest between the Parties did Report on ' very nearly resemble the present; but, principally, Lords Pro-because the Sense of the Lords on tlje Law of Parliament, in its Proceedings with regard to the Reception ;ny>. tv;Il of Evidence, is there distinctly laid down: So is the Report of the Judges relative to the Usage of the Courts below, full of Equity and Reason, and in perfect Conformity with the Right for which we contended in Favour of the Public, and in Favour of the Court Of Peers itself. The Matter is as follows. Your Committee gives it at large:

" After this, the Lord Steward adjourned this House Lords Jourto Westminster Hall', and the Peers being all set " there in their Places, the Lord Steward commanded ridelicet **' " the Lieutenant of the Tower to bring forth the Earl 10 Aprilis.

" of Strafforde to the Bar; which being done, the Lord " Steward signified, that both Sides might make a Recollection of their Evidence, and the Earl of Straffo'rde " to begin first.

" Hereupon Mr. Glynn desired, that before the Earl " of Strafforde began, that the Commons might produce Two Witnesses to the Fifteenth and Tweritythird Articles, to prove that there be Two Med " whose Names are Berne; and so a Mistake will be " made clear.

" The Earl of Strafforde desired, that no new Witnesses may be admitted against him, unless he " might be permitted to produce Witnesses on hii " Part likewise; which the Commons consented to,

" so the Earl of Strafforde would confine himself to " those Articles upon which he made Reservations, but,

" he not agreeing to that, and the Commons insisting " upon it;

" The House was adjourned to the usual Place " above, to consider of it; and after some Debate;

" their Lordships thought it fit, That the Members " of the Commons go on in producing new Witnesses,

" as they shall think fit, to the Fifteenth and Twentythird Articles; and that the Earl of Strafforde may " presently produce such Witnesses as are present;

" and such as are not, to name them presently; and td " proceed on Monday next; and also, if the Commons " and Earl of Strafforde would proceed upon any other " Articles, upon new Matter, they are to name the " Witnesses and Articles on both Sides presently, and " to proceed on Monday next; but both Sides may " waive it if they will.

M The Lord Steward adjourned this House to " minster Hall; and, being returned thither, signified " what the Lords had thought fit for the better profeeding in the Business.

" The Earl of Strafforde, upon this, desiring not " to be limited to any Reservation, but to be at " Liberty for what Articles are convenient for him " to fortify with new Witnesses; to which the Com- Bis in ©rimons not assenting, and for other Scruples which Sina1'did arise in the Case, One of the Peers did desire " that the House might be adjourned, to consider " further of the Particulars. Hereupon the Lord " Steward adjourned the House to the usual Place " above.

" The Lords, being come up into the House, fell " into Debate of the Business; and, for the better in-

" forming of their Judgments what was the Course and " Common Justice of the Kingdom, propounded this " Question to the Judges;

" Whether it be according to the Course of " Practice, and Common Justice, before the " Judges in their several Courts, for the Prosecutors in Behalf of the King, during the " Time of Trial, to produce Witnesses to discover " the Truth, and whether the Prisoner may not " do the like ?

" The Lord Chief Justice delivered this, as the " unanimous Opinions of himself and all the rest of " the Judges:

6 T " That,

1

530

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report on

Lords proceedings on Mr. Hastings'tTrt&L

Dal. 8o.Pl. 18. Anno 24 £liz. apud Viner £vid. p. 60.

" That, according to the Course of Practice,

" and Common Justice, before them in their " several Courts, upon Trial by Jury, as long " as the Prisoner is at the and the Jury " not sent away, either Side may give their " Evidence, and examine Witnesses to discover Truth; and this is all the Opinion " as we can give concerning the Proceedings " before us.

" Upon some Consideration after this the House appointed the

" Earl of Bath,

" Earl of South'ton,

" Earl of Hartford,

" Earl of Essex,

" Earl of Bristoll, and " The Lord Viscount Say et Seale,

" To draw up some Reasons upon which the former Order was made; which being read as " followeth, were approved of, as the Order of " the House:

" The Gentlemen of the House of Commons did declare, That they challenge to themselves, by the " Common Justice of the Kingdom, that they, being " Prosecutors for the King, may bring any new " Proofs by Witnesses during the Time of the Evidence being not fully concluded. The Lords, being Judges, and so equal to them and the Prisoner,

" conceived this their Desire to be just and reasonable; and also, that, by the same common Justice,

" the Prisoner may use the same Liberty; and that,

" to avoid any Occasions of Delay, the Lords thought " fit that the Articles and Witnesses be presently " named, and such as may be presently produced " to be used presently; and no further Time to be " given.

" The Lord Steward was to let them know, that " if they will on both Sides waive the Use of new " Witnesses, they may proceed to the Recollection " of their Evidence on both Sides; if both Sides will " not waiye it, then the Lord Steward is to read the " precedent Order; and, if they will not proceed then, " this House is to adjourn and rise."

By this it will appear to the House, how much this Exclusion of Evidence, brought for the Discovery of Truth, is unsupported either by Parliamentary Precedent, or by the Rule as understood in the Common Law Courts below; and your Committee (protesting however against being bound by any of the technical Rules of inferior Courts; thought and think they had a Right to see such a Body of Precedents and Arguments for the Rejection of Evidence during Trial, in some Court or other, before they were in this Matter stopped and concluded.

Your Committee has not been able to examine every Criminal Trial in the voluminous Collection of the State Trials, or elsewhere: but having referred to the most laborious Compiler of Law and Equity, Mr. Viner, who has allotted a whole Volume to the Title of Evidence, we find but One ruled Case in a Trial at Common Law, before or since, where new Evidence for the Discovery of Truth has been rejected, as not being in due Time. " A privy Verdict had been given " in B. R. 14. Eliz. for the Defendant, but afterwards " before the Inquest gave their Verdict openly, the " Plaintiff prayed that he might give more Evidence " to the Jury, he having (as it discovered that

" the Jury had found against him, but the Justices " would not admit him to do so; but after that Southcote, " J. had been in C. B. to ask the Opinion of the Justices " there, they took the Verdict."

In this Case the Offer of new Evidence was not during the Trial. The Trial was over. The Verdict was actually delivered to the Judge. There was /also an Appearance that the Discovery of the actual Finding had suggested to the Plaintiff the Production of new Evidence — -yet it appeared to the Judges so strong a Measure to refuse Evidence, whilst any, even formed, Appearance remained, that the Trial was not closed, that they sent a Judge from the Bench into the Common Pleas to obtain the Opinion of their Brethren there before they could venture to take upon them to consider the Time for Production of Evidence as elapsed.

The Case of Refusal, taken with its Circumstances, is full as strong an Example in Favour of the Report of the Judges in Lord Strafforde's Case, as any Precedent of Admittance can be.

The Researches of your Committee not having furnished them with any Cases in which Evidence has been rejected during the Trial, as being out of Time, we have found some Instances in which it has been actually received; and received not to repel any new Matter in the Prisoner s Defence — but when the Prisoner had called all his Witnesses, and thereby closed his Defence. A remarkable Instance occurred, on the state Triah, Trial of Harrison for the Murder of Dr. Clenche. The Vol. IV. Justices who tried the Cause, (viz.)Lord Chief Justice P- 5i. Holt, and the Justices Atkins and admitted the

Prosecutor to call new Evidence, for no other Reason but that a new Witness was then come into Court, who had not been in Court before. — These Justices apparently were of the same Opinion on this Point with the Justices who gave their Opinion in the Case of Lord Strafforde.

Your Committee on this Point, as on the former, cannot discover any Authority for the Decision of the House of Lords in the Law of Parliament, or in the Law Practice of any Court in this kingdom.

PRACTICE BELOW.

Your Committee not having learned that the Resolutions of the Judges (by which the Lords have been guided) were supported by any Authority in Law to which they could have Access, have heard by Rumour, that they have been justified upon the Practice of the Courts, in ordinary Trials by Commission of Oyer and Terminer.

To give any legal Precision to this Term of Practice, as thus applied, your Committee apprehends it must mean — that the Judge in those Criminal Trials had so regularly rejected a certain Kind of Evidence when offered there, that it is to be regarded in the Light of a Case frequently determined by legal Authority.

If such had been discovered, though your Committee never could have allowed these Precedents as Rules for the Guidance of the High Court of Parliament,

Jet they should not be surprized to see the inferior udges forming their Opinions on their own confined Practice.

Your Committee, in their Enquiry, has found comparatively few Reports of Criminal Trials, except the Collection under the Title of State Trials, a Book compiled from Materials of very various Authority; and in none of those which we have seen is there, as appears to us, a single Example of the Rejection of Evidence, similar to mat rejected by the Advice of the Judges in the House of Lords. Neither, if such Examples did exist, could your Committee allow them to apply directly and necessarily as a Measure of Reason to the Proceedings of a Court constituted so very differently from those in w'hich the Common law is administered.

In the Trials below, the Judges decide on the Competency of the Evidence before it goes to the Jury, and (under the Correctives in the Use of their Discretion stated before in this Report) with great Propriety and Wisdom. Juries are taken promiscuously from the Mass of the People; they are composed of Men who in many Instances, in most perhaps, never were concerned in any Causes, judicially or otherwise, before the Time of their Service. They have gene-x rally

<0

34 Geo. III.

30° Apr

531

rally no previous Preparation or possible Knowledge of the Matters to be tried, or what is applicable or inapplicable to them, and they decide in a Space of Time too short for any nice or critical Disquisition. The Judges, therefore, of Necessity must forestall the Evidence where there is a Doubt on its Competence, and indeed observe much on its Credibility, or the most dreadful Consequences might follow. — The Institution of Juries, if not thus qualified, could not exist. Lord Mansfield makes the same Observation with regard to another Corrective of the short Mode of Trial — that of a new Trial.

This is the Law, and this its Policy. The Jury are not to decide on the Competency of Witnesses, or of any other Kind of Evidence, in any Way whatsoever. Nothing of that Kind can come before them. But the Lords in the High Court of Parliament are not, either actually or virtually, a Jury. No legal Power is interposed between them and Evidence; they are themselves by Law fully and exclusively equal to it They are Persons of high Rank, generally of the best Education, and of sufficient Knowledge of the World;

and they are a permanent, a settled, a corporate, and not an occasional and transitory Judicature. But it is to be feared, that the Authority of the Judges (in the Case of Juries legal) may, from that Example, weigh with the Lords further than its Reason, or its Applicability to the Judicial Capacity of the Peers, can support. It is to be feared, that if the Lords should think themselves, bound implicitly to submit to this Authority, that at length they may come to think themselves to be no better than Jurors, and may virtually consent to a Partition of that Judicature, which the Law has left to them whole, supreme, uncontrouled,

and final.

This final and independent Judicature, because it is final and independent, ought to be very cautious with regard to the Rejection of Evidence. — If incompetent Evidence is received by them, there is nothing to hinder their judging upon it afterwards according to its value. It may have no Weight in their Judgment; but if, upon Advice of others, they previously reject Information necessary to their proper Judgment, they have no intermediate Means of setting themselves right, and they injure the cause of Justice without any Remedy. Against Errors of Juries, there is Remedy by a new Trial. Against Errors of Judges, there is Remedy, in Civil Causes, by Demurrer and Bills of Exceptions; against their final Mistake, there is Remedy by Writ of Error, in Courts of Common Law. In Chancery there is a Remedy by Appeal If they wilfully err in the Rejection of Evidence, there was formerly the Terror existing of Punishment by Impeachment of the Commons; — but with regard to the Lords, there is no Remedy for Error, no Punishment for a wilful Wrong.

Your Committee conceives it not improbable, that this apparently total and unreserved Submission of the Lords to the Dictates of the Judges of the inferior Courts (no proper Judges in any Light, or in any Degree, of the Law of Parliament) may be owing to the very few Causes of original Jurisdiction, and the great Multitude of those of appellate Jurisdiction which come before them. In Cases of Appeal, or of Error (which is in the Nature of an Appeal) the Court of Appeal is obliged to judge, not by its own Rules, acting in another Capacity, or by those which it shall choose pro re nata to make, but by the Rules of the inferior Court from whence the Appeal comes, for the Fault or the Mistake of the inferior Judge is, that he has not proceeded as he ought to do, according to the Law which he was to administer; and the Correction, if such shall take place, is to compel the Court from whence the Appeal comes to act as originally it ought to have acted according to Law, as the Law ought Vo L.49.

to have been understood and practised in that Tri- Report ou

b""i- . J

The Lords, in such Cases of Necessity, judge on Mr. Hast-the Grounds of the Law, and Practice of the Courts ings'e Trial, below; and this they can very rarely learn with Precision, but from the Body of the Judges. Of course much Deference is, and ought to be had to their Opinions. But by this Means a Confusion may arise (if not well guarded against) between what they do in their appellate Jurisdiction, which is frequent, and what they ought to do in their original Jurisdiction, which is rare; and by this the whole original Jurisdiction of the Peers, and the whole Law and Usage of Parliament, at least in their Virtue and Spirit, may be considerably

impaired.

After having thus submitted to the House the general Tenor of the Proceedings in this Trial, your Committee will with all convenient Speed, lay before the House the Proceedings on each Head of Evidence separately, which has been rejected; and this they hope will put the House more perfectly in Possession of the principal Causes of the Length of this Trial, as well as of the Injury which Parliamentary Justice may, in their Opinion, suffer from those Proceedings.

Appendix, N° l.

In the CASE of EARL FERRERS,

April .7,b, ,76o. S£?u„,

Page 138.

The House of Peers unanimously found Earl Ferrers To. Edit, guilty of the Felony and Murder whereof he stood indicted; and the Earl being brought to the Bar, the High Steward acquainted him therewith; and the House immediately adjourned to the Chamber of Parliament: And having put the following Question to the Judges, adjourned to the next day: Pa- *39-

" Supposing a Peer, so indicted and convicted, ought " by Law to receive such Judgment as aforesaid, and " the Day appointed by the Judgment for Execution " should lapse before such Execution done, whether a " new Time may be appointed for the Execution, and " by whom ? "

On the 18th, the House, then sitting in the Chamber of Parliament, the Lord Chief Baron, in the Absence of the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, delivered in Writing the Opinion of the Judges, which they had agreed on and reduced into Form that Morning.

His Lordship added many weighty Reasons in Support of the Opinion; which he urged with great Strength and Propriety, and delivered with a becoming Dignity.

TO THE SECOND QUESTION.

" Supposing the Day appointed by the Judgment " for Execution should lapse before such Execution " done (which however the Law will not presume)

" we are all of Opinion, that a new Time may be appointed for the Execution, either by the High " Court of Parliament, before which such Peer shall " have been attainted, or by the Court of King's " Bench, the Parliament not then sitting; the Record " of the Attainder being properly removed into that p*. 140.

" Court."

The Reasons upon which the Judges founded their Answer to the Question relating to the further Proceedings

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Pa. 141 to 153.

532

20° Aprilis.

A. 1794.

ceedings of the House after the High Steward's Commission dissolved, which is usually done upon pronouncing Judgment, may possibly require some further Discussion. I will therefore, before I conclude, mention those which weighed with me, and, I believe, with many others of the Judges.

REASONS, 4«.

Every Proceeding in the House of Peers, acting in its Judicial Capacity, whether upon Writ of Error, Impeachment, or Indictment, removed thither by Certiorari, is in Judgment of Law a Proceeding before the King in Parliament: And therefore the House, in all those Cases, may not improperly be styled, The Court of our Lord the King in Parliament.

This Court is founded upon immemorial Usage, upon the Law and Custom of Parliament, and is Part of the Original System of our Constitution.

It is open for all the Purposes of Judicature during the Continuance of the Parliament: It openeth at the Beginning and shutteth at the End of every Session; just as the Court of King's Bench, which is likewise in Judgment of Law held before the King himself, openeth and shutteth with the Term.

The Authority of this Court, or, if I may use the Expression, its constant Activity for the Ends of Public Justice, independent of any special Powers derived from the Crown, is not doubted in the Case of Writs of Error from those Courts of Law whence Error lieth in Parliament, and of Impeachments for Misdemeanors.

It was formerly doubted, whether, in the Case of an Impeachment for Treason, and in the Case of an Indictment against a Peer for any Capital Crime, removed into Parliament by Certiorari, whether in these Cases the Court can proceed to Trial and Judgment, without an High Steward appointed by Special Commission from the Crown.

This Doubt seemeth to have arisen from the not distinguishing between a Proceeding in the Court of the High Steward, and that before the King in Parliament. The Name, Style, and Title of Office is the same in both Cases; but the Office, the Powers, and Preheminences annexed to it, differ very widely; and so doth the Constitution of the Courts where the Offices are executed. The Identity of the Name may have confounded our Ideas, as equivocal Words often do, if the Nature of Things is not attended to; but the Nature of the Offices, properly stated, will I hope remove every Doubt on these Points.

In the Court of the High Steward, he alone is Judge in all Points of Law and Practice; the Peers Triers are merely Judges of Fact, and ure summoned by virtue of a Precept from the High Steward, to appear before him On the Day appointed by him for the Trial, Ut Rei Veritas melius sciri poterit.

The High Steward's Commission, after reciting that an Indictment hath been found against the Peer by the Grand Jury of the proper County, impowereth him to send for the Indictment, to convene the Prisoner before him, at such Day and Place as he shall appoint, then and there to hear and determine the Matter of such Indictment; to cause the Peers Triors tot 8) tales, per quos Rei Veritas melius sciri poterit, at the same Day and Place to appear before him, Veri-tateque inde compertd, to proceed to Judgment according to the Law and Custom of England, and thereupon to award Execution *.

By this it is plain that the sole Right of Judicature is

in Cases of this Kind vested in the High Steward; that it resideth solely in his Person; and consequently without this Commission, which is but in Nature of a Commission of Oyer and Terminer, no One Step can be taken in order to a Trial; and that when his Commission is dissolved, which he declareth by breaking hie Staff, the Court no longer existeth.

But in a Trial of a Peer in full Parliament, or to speak with legal Precision, before the King in Parliament, for a Capital Offence, whether upon Impeachment or Indictment, the Case is quite otherwise; every Peer present at the Trial, and every Temporal Peer, hath a Right to be present in every Part of the Proceeding; voteth upon every Question of Law and Fact; and the Question is carried by the major Vote, the High Steward himself voting merely as a Peer and Member of that Court, in common with the rest of the Peers, and in no other Right.

It hath indeed been usual, and very expedient it is, in Point of Order and Regularity, and for the Solemnity of the Proceeding, to appoint an Officer for presiding during the Time of the Trial, and until Judgment, and to give him the Stile and Title of Steward of but this maketh no Sort of Alteration in the Constitution of the Court; it is the same Court, founded m immemorial Usage, in the Law and Custom of Parliament, whether such Appointment be made or not.

It acteth in its Judicial Capacity in every Order made touching the Time and Place of the Trial, the postponing the Trial from Time to Time upon Petition, according to the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, the Allowance or Non-allowance of Council to the Prisoner, and other Matters relative to the Trial f; and all this before an High Steward hath been appointed. And so little was it apprehended, in some Cases which I shall mention presently, that the Existence of the Court depended on the Appointment of an High Steward, that the Court itself directed in what manner, and what Form of Words, he should be appointed. It hath likewise received and recorded the Prisoner's Confession, which amounteth to a Conviction, before the Appointment of an High Steward; and hath allowed to Prisoners the Benefit of Acts of General Pardon, where they appeared entitled to it, as well without the Appointment of an High Steward, as after his Commission dissolved.

And when, in the Case of Impeachments, the Commons have sometimes, at Conferences between the Houses, attempted to interpose in Matters preparatory to the Trial, the general Answer hath been, " This is " a Point of Judicature upon which the Lords will not " confer; they impose Silence upon themselves," or to that Effect. I need not here cite Instances; every Man who hath consulted the Journals of either House hath met with many of them.

I will now cite a few Cases, applicable, in my Opinion, to the present Question. And I shall confine myself to such as have happened since the Restoration.

Because, in Questions of this Kind, modern Cases, settled with Deliberation, and upon a View of former Precedents, give more Light and Satisfaction than the deepest Search into Antiquity can afford. And also because the Prerogatives of the Crown, the Privileges of Parliament, and the Rights of the Subject in general, appear to me to have been more studied, and better understood, at and for some Years before that Period, than in former Ages.

In the Case of the Earl of Danby, and the Rapish j^.

Lords then under Impeachments, the "Lords, on the 6th of May 1679, appointed Time and Place for hearing

*- See Lord 's

VII. St. Tri.

Commission as High Steward, and the Writs and Precepts preparatory to the Trial, in Lord Morle/a Case.

f See the Orders previous to the Trial, in the Cases of the Lord Kilmarnock, &c. and Lor Lovat, and many other modern Cases.

34 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

ing the Earl of Danby, by his Counsel, upon the Va- Lord High Steward, and had perused former Com- Report on lidity of his Plea of Pardon, and for the Trials of the missions for the Office of High Steward; and then, Pr0* other Lords; and voted an Address to His Majesty, putting the House in Mind of the Order and Resolu- Mr. Hast-" praying that he would be pleased to appoint an High tion of the preceding Day, proposed from the Com- ingg's Trial. Steward for those Purposes. mittees that a new Commission might issue, so as the

These Votes were, on the next Day, communi- Words in the Commission maybe thus changed,

cated to the Commons by Message in the usual Man- Instead of Ac pro eo Seneschalli Anglia

ner. (cujus in hoc Parte requiritur) ut accepimus

On the 8th, at a Conference between the Houses, jam vacat, may be inserted, Ac pro eo qudd Proceres &; upon the . Subject Matter of that Message, the Com- Magna

mons expressed themselves to the following Effect: ter supplicaverunt ut Seneschallum Anglia pro hoc vice

" They cannot apprehend what should induce your Constitu to which the House agreed §.

" Lordships to address his Majesty for an High It must be admitted, that Precedents drawn from " Steward, for determining the Validity of the Par- Times of Ferment and Jealousy, as these were, lose " don which hath been pleaded by the Earl of Danby, much of their Weight, since Passion and Party pre-

" as also for the Trial of the other Five Lords, be- judice generally mingle in the Contest; yet let it be

" cause they conceive the constituting an High remembered, that the^p are Resolutions in jjhich both " Steward is not necessary, but that Judgment may Houses concurred, and in which the Rights of both " be given in Parliament upon Impeachment without were thought to be very nearly concerned; the Coman High Stewardand concluded with a Proposi- mons Right of impeaching with Effect, and the whole tion, that for avoiding any Interruption or Delay, a Judicature of the Lords in Capital Cases. For if the Committee of both Houses might be nominated to Appointment of an High Steward was admitted to be consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of of absolute Necessity (however necessary it may be for proceeding. the Regularity and Solemnity of the Proceeding dur-

This Proposition the House of Peers, after a long ing the Trial, and until Judgment, which I do not Debate, rejected. dispute) every Impeachment may, for a Reason too

Dissentientibus, Finch*, Chancellor, and many other obvious to be mentioned, be rendered ineffectual.

Lords. And the Judicature of the Lords, in all Capital Cases,

However, on the nth the Commons Proposition nugatory, of the 8th, was, upon a Second Debate, agreed to; It was from a Jealousy of this Kind, not at that and the Lord Chancellor, Lord President, and Ten Juncture altogether groundless, and to guard against other Lords, were named of the Committee, to meet every Thing from whence the Necessity of an High and confer with a Committee of the Commons. Steward in the Case of an Impeachment might be in-

The next Day the Lord President reported, That ferred, that the Commons proposed, and the Lords the Committees of both Houses met that Morning, readily agreed to, the Amendments in the Steward's and made an Entrance into the Business referred' to Commission, which I have already stated. And it them: That the Commons desired to see the Com- hath, I confess, great Weight with me, that this missions that are prepared for an High Steward at these Amendment, which was at thd same Time directed Trials, and also the Commissions in the Lord Pern- in the Cases of the Five Popish Lords, when Com-broke's and the Lord Morley's Cases. missions should pass for their Trials, hath taken place That to this the Lords Committees said, " The High in every Commission upon Impeachments for TreaSteward is but Speaker pro Tempore, and giveth his son since that Time And I cannot help remarking,

" Vote as well as the other Lords. This changeth not that in the Case of Lord Lovat, when neither the Heat " the Nature of the Court. And the Lords declared of the Times, nor the Jealousy of Parties, had any il they have Power enough to proceed to Trial, Share in the Proceeding, the House ordered, " That " though the King should not Name an High " the Commission for appointing a Lord High Steward " Steward f. " shall be in the like Form as that for the Trial of the

" That this seemed to be a Satisfaction to the Com- " Lord Viscount Stafford, as entered in the Journal

" mons, provided it was entered in the Lords Journals, " of this House, on the 30th of November 1680,

" which are Records." " except that the same shall be in the English Lan-

Accordingly on the same Day, " It is declared and " guage ft*

" ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Par- I will make a short Observation on this Matter.

" liament assembled, that the Office of an High Steward The Order, on the 13th May 1679, for varying

" upon Trials of Peers upon Impeachments is not neces- the Form of the Commission, was, as appeareth by " sary to the House of Peers; but that the Lords may the Journal, plainly made in consequence of the Reproceed in such Trials if an High Steward be not ap- solution of the 12 th, and was founded on it; and " pointed, according to their humble Desire consequently the constant unvarying Practice with re-

On the 13th the Lord President reported, That the gard to the new Form goeth, in my Opinion, a great Committees of both Houses had met that Morning, Way towards shewing, that in the Sense of all suc-and discoursed in the First Place on the Matter of a ceeding Times, that Resolution was not the Result of

Faction,

Afterwards Earl of Nottingham.

-f- In the Commons Journal of the 15th of May it standeth thus: Their Lordships further declare to the Committee, that a Lord High Steward was made hac vice only. That notwithstanding the making of a Lord High Steward the Court remained the same, and was not thereby altered, but still remained the Court of Peers in Parliament. That the Lord High Steward was but as a Speaker or Chairman, for the more orderly proceeding at the Trials.

% This Resolution my Lord Chief Baron referred to and cited in his Argument upon the Second Question proposed to the Judges, which is before stated.

This Amendment arose from an Exception taken to the Commission by the Committee for the Commons, which as it then stood did in their Opinion imply that the constituting a Lord High Steward was necessary. Whereupon it was agreed by the whole Committee of Lords and Commons, that the Commission should be recalled, and a new Commission, according to the said Amendment, issue, to bear Date after the Order and Resolution of the l'ath (Commons Journal of the 15th of May.)

H See, in the State Trials, the Commissions in the Cases of the Earl of Oxford, Earl of Dermentwater, and others — Lord and Lord Lovat.

f f See the Proceedings, printed by Order of the House of Lords (4th February 1746.)

VOL. 49- 6 U

534

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report oo Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's TriaL

Faction, or a blameable Jealousy, but was founded iu sound Reason and true Policy.

ft may be objected, that the Resolution of the 12 th of May 1679 goeth 00 further than to a Proceeding upon Impeachment

The Letter of the Resolution, it is admitted, goeth no further; but thi6 is easily accounted for: A Proceeding by Impeachment was the Subject Matter of the Conference, and the Commons had no Pretence to interpose in any other. But what say the Lords ? The High Steward is but as a Speaker or Chairman, pro Tempore, for the more orderly proceeding at the Trials; the Appointment of him doth not alter the Nature of the Court, which still remaineth the Court of the Peers in Parliament. From these Premises they draw dm Conclusion I have mentioned. Are not these Premises equally true in the Case of a Proceeding upon Indictment ? — They undoubtedly are.

It must likewise be admitted, that in the Proceeding upon Indictment the High Steward's Commission hath never varied from the ancient Form in such Cases; the Words objected to by the Commons, Ac pro eo qudd Officium Seneschalli Anglia (ague -

sentia in hoc Parte requiritur) ut accepimusjam vacat, are still retained. But this proveth no more than that the Great Seal having no Authority to vary in Point of Form, hath from Time to Time very prudently followed ancient Precedents.

I have already stated the Substance of the Commission, in a Proceeding in the Court of the High Steward. I will now state the Substance of that in a Proceeding in the Court of the Peers in Parliament. And shall make use of that in the Case of the Earl of Kilmarnock and others, as being the latest, and, in Point of Form, agreeing with the former Precedents.

The Commission, after reciting that William Earl of Kilmarnock, &c. stand indicted before Commissioners of Gaol Delivery, in the County of Surrey, for High Treason in levying War against the King; and that the King intendeth that the said William Earl of Kilmarnock, &c. shall be heard, examined, sentenced, and adjudged before Himself in this present Parliament, touching the said Treason, and for that the Qfhce of Steward of Great Britain (whose Presence is required upon this Occasion) Is now vacant as we are informed, appointeth the then Lord Chancellor Steward of Great Britain, to bear, execute, and exercise (for this Time) the said Office, with all Things due and belonging to the same Office, in that Behalf.

What, therefore, are the Things due and belonging to the Office in a Case of this Kind ? Not, as in the Court of the High Steward, a Right of Judicature- For the Commission itself supposeth that Right to reside in a Court then subsisting before the King in Parliament. The Parties are to he there heard, sentenced, and adjudged. What Share in the Proceeding doth the High Steward then take I By the Practice and Usage of the Court of the Peers in Parliament, he giveth his Vote as a Member thereof with the rest of the Peers; but for the Sake'of Regularity and Order, he presideth during the Trial, ami until Judgment, as Chairman or Speaker, pro Tempore. In that Respect, therefore, it may be properly enough said, that his Presence is required during the Trial, and until Judgment, and in no other. Herein I see no Difference between the Case of an Impeachment, and of an Indictment-

I say during the Time of the Trial, and until Judgment, because the Court hath, as I observed before, from Time to Time, done various Acts, plainly judicial, before the Appointment of an High Steward, and where no High Steward hath ever been appointed, and even after the Commission dissolved.

I will to this Purpose die a few Cases,

I begin with the latest, because they are the latest, and were ruled with great Deliberation, and for the most Part, upon a View of former Precedents.

In the Case of the Earl of Kilmarnock and others, the Lords, on the 24th of June, 1746, ordered, that a Writ or Writs of Certiorari be issued for removing the Indictments before the House. And on the 26th the Writ, which is made returnable before the King in Parliament, with the Return and Indictments, was received and read. On the next Day, upon the Report of the Lords Committees, that they had been attended by the Two Chief Justices, and Chief Baron, and had heard them touching the Construction of the Act of the Seventh and Eighth of King William,

" For regulating Trials in Cases of High Treason,

" and Misprision of Treason," the House, upon reading the Report, came to several Resolutions, founded for the most Part on the Construction of that Act What that Construction was, appeareth from the Lord High Steward's Address to the Prisoners, just before their Arraignment. Having mentioned that Act, as One happy Consequence of the Resolution, he addeth,

" However injuriously that Resolution hath been traduced, whatever Attempts have been made to subvert this happy Establishment founded on it, your " Lordships will now have the Benefit of that Law in " its full Extent."

I need not after this mention any other Judicial Acts done by the House in this Case, before the Appointment of the High Steward — many there are. For, the putting a Construction upon an Act relative to the Conduct of the Court, and the Right of the Subject at the Trial, and in the Proceedings preparatory to it, and this in a Case entirely new, and upon a Point, to say no more in this Plaoe, not extremely clear, was undoubtedly an Exercise of Authority proper only for a Court having full Cognizance of the Cause.

I will not minutely enumerate the several Orders made preparatory to the Trial of Lord Lavat, and in the several Cases I shall have Occasion to mention, touching the Time and Place of the Trial, the Allowance or Non-allowance of Counsel, and other Matters of the like Kind, all plainly Judicial, because the like Orders occur in all the Cases where a Journal of the preparatory Steps hath been published by Order of the Peers. With regard to Lord Lavat'& Case,

I think the Order directing the Form of the High Steward's Commission, which I have already taken Notice of, is not very consistent with the Idea of a Court, whose Powers can be supposed to depend, at any Point of Time, upon the Existence or Dissolution of that Commission.

In the Case of the Earl of and the

other Lords impeached at the same Time, the House received and recorded the Confessions of those of them who pleaded guilty, long before the Teste of the High Steward's Commission, which issued merely for the Solemnity of giving Judgment against them upon their Conviction.

This appeareth by the Commission itself: It re-citeth that the Earl of Derwentwater, and others. Coram Nobis in prasenti Parliamento, had been impeached by the Commons for High Treason, and had, Corrm Nobis in prasenti Parliamento, pleaded guilty to that Impeachment; and that the King, intending that the said Earl of Derwentwater and others, de <§T pro proditione unde ipsi ut prafertur imped it', aecusit',

6$ convict' existunt Coram Nobis in prasenti -

mento, secundum Legem C kujus Regrti Nostri Magna Britannia, Sententientur,

8$ Adjudicentur, constituteth the then Lord Chancellor High Steward (hoc vice)to do and execute all Things which to the Office of High Steward in that Behalf do belong.

The

34 Geo. III.

30° Jprilis.

535

S«e the Journals of the Lords*

The receiving end recording the Confession of the Prisoners, which amounted to a Conviction, so that nothing remained but proceeding to Judgment, was certainly an Exercise of Judicial Authority, which no Assembly, how great soever, not having full Cognizance of the Cause, could exercise.

In the case of Lord Salisbury, who had been impeached by the Commons for High Treason, the Lords, upon his Petition, allowed him the Benefit of the Act of General Pardon passed in the Second Year of William and Mary, so far as to discharge him from his Imprisonment upon a Construction they put upon that Act, no High Steward ever having been appointed in that Case.

On the 2d of October, 1690, upon reading the Earl's Petition, Setting forth, that he had been a Prisoner for a Year and Nine Months, in the Tower, notwithstanding the late Act of Free and General Pardon, and praying to be discharged, the Lords ordered the Judges to attend on the Monday following, to give their Opinions, whether the said Earl be pardoned by the Act. On the 6th the Judges delivered their Opinions, that if his Offence was committed before the 13th of February 1688, and not in Ireland, or beyond the Seas, he is pardoned. Whereupon it was ordered, that he be admitted to Bail, and the next Day he and his Sureties entered into a Recognizance of Bail, himself in £.10,000 and Two Sureties in £.5,000 each; and on the 30th he and his Sureties were, after a long Debate, discharged from their Recognizance.

It will not be material to esquire, whether the House did right in discharging the Earl without giving the Commons an Opportunity of being heard; since, in Fact, they claimed and exercised a Right of Judicature without an High Steward — which is the only Use I make of this Case.

They did the same in the Case of the Earl of

warth, the Lords Widdrington and Nairn, long after the High Steward's Commission dissolved.

These Lords had Judgment passed on them at the same Time that Judgment was given against the Lords Derwentwater, Nithsdale, and and Judg-

ment being given, the High Steward immediately broke his Staff, and declared the Commission dissolved. They continued Prisoners in the Tower under Reprieves, till the passing of the Act of General Pardon, in the Third of King George the First.

Lords Journ. On the 21st of November 1717, the House being informed that these Lords had severally entered into Recognizances before one of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, for their Appearance in the House in this Sessions of Parliament; and that the Lords warth and Widdrington were attending accordingly; and that the Lord Naim was ill at Bath, and could not then attend; the Lords Camwarth and Widdrington were called in; and severally, at the Bar, prayed that their Appearance might be recorded; and likewise prayed 3 G. I. c. 19. the Benefit of the Act for His Majesty's General and Free Pardon.

Whereupon the House ordered that their Appearance be recorded, and that they attend again Tomorrow, in order to plead the Pardon. And the Recognizance of the Lord Naim was respited till that Day Fortnight.

On the Morrow the Lords Camwarth and Widdrington, then attending, were called in; and the Lord Chancellor acquainted them severally, that it appeared by the Records of the House,' that they severally stood attainted of High Treason; and asked them severally, what they had to say, why they should not be remanded to the Tower of London?

Thereupon they severally, upon their Knees, prayed the Benefit of the Act, and that they might have their Lives and Liberties pursuant thereunto.

Voju 49.

And the Attorney General, who then attended for Report on that Purpose, declaring that he had no Objection on Pn>* His Majesty's Behalf, to what was prayed, conceiving that those Lords, not having made any Escape since ing»'» Trial, their Conviction, were entitled to the Benefit of the Act; the House, after reading the Clause in the Act relating s?ehSect-45-to that Matter, agreed that they should be allowed the 0 e 3 Benefit of the Pardon, as to their Lives and Liberties; and discharged their Recognizances, and gave them Leave to depart without further Day given for their. Appearance.

On the 6th of December following the like Proceedings were had, and the like Orders made, in the Case of Lord Nairn.

I observe that the Lord Chancellor did not ask these Lords what they had to say why Execution should not be awarded. There was, it is probable, some little Delicacy as to that Point. But since the Allowance of the Benefit of the Act, as to Life and Liberty, which was all that was prayed, was an effectual Bar to any future Imprisonment on that Account, and also to Execution, and might have been

?leaded as such in any Court whatsoever; the whole 'roceeding must be admitted to have been in a Court having complete Jurisdiction in the Case, notwithstanding the High Steward's Commission had been long dissolved — which is all the Use I intended to make of this Case.

I will not recapitulate; the Cases I have cited, and the Conclusions drawn from them, are brought into a very narrow Compass. I will only add, it would sound extremely harsh to say, that a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction, founded in immemorial Usage, and held in Judgment of Law before the King himself, can in any Event whatever be under an utter Incapacity of proceeding to Trial and Judgment, either of Condemnation or Acquittal, the ultimate Objects of every Criminal Proceeding, without certain Supplemental Powers derived from the Crown.

These Cases, with the Observations I have made on them, I hope sufficiently warrant the Opinion of the Judges upon that Part of the Second Question in the Case of the late Earl Ferrers, which I have already mentioned. And also what was advanced by the Lord Chief Baron in his Argument on that Question, " That though the Office of High Steward " should happen to determine before Execution done " according to the Judgment, yet the Court of the " Peers in Parliament, where that Judgment was " given, would subsist for all the Purposes of Justice " during the Sitting of the Parliament." And consequently that in the Case supposed by the Question, that Court might appoint a new Day for the Execution.

Appendix, N# 2.

QUESTIONS referred by the Lords to the Judges, in the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, Esquire; and the ANSWERS of the Judges. — Extracted from the Lords Journals and Minutes.

1st.

Question. — Whether, when a Witness produced and examined in a Criminal Proceeding by a Prosecutor disclaims all Knowledge of any Matter so interrogated, it be competent for such Prosecutor to pursue such Examination, by proposing a Question containing the Particulars of an Answer supposed to have been made by stuch Witness before a Committee of the House of Commons, or in any other Place; and by

demanding

536

30° Aprilis. A. 1794.

Report on Lords Proceedings on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

demanding of him whether the Particulars so suggested were not the Answer he had so made ?

1788, Ftbry. 29.

Pa. 418.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the Question of Law put to them on Friday the 29th of February last, as follows — " That " when a Witness produced and examined in a Criminal Proceeding by a Prosecutor disclaims all " Knowledge of any Matter so interrogated, it is not " competent for such Prosecutor to pursue such Examination, by proposing a Question containing the " Particulars of an Answer supposed to have been " made by such Witness before a Committee of the " House of Commons, or in any other Place; and " by demanding of him whether the Particulars so " suggested were not the Answer he had so made."

1788, April 10.

Pa. 592.

2d.

Question. — Whether it be competent for the Managers to produce an Examination taken without Oath by the rest of the Council, in the Absence of Mr. Hastings, the Governor General, charging Mr.

Hastings with corruptly receiving Three Lacks 54,105 Rupees, which Examination came to his Knowledge, and was by him transmitted to the Court of Directors as a Proceeding of the said Councillors, in order to introduce the Proof of his Demeanor thereupon; — it being alledged by the Managers for the Commons, that he took no Steps to clear himself, in the Opinion of the said Directors, of the Guilt thereby imputed, but that he took active Means to prevent the Examination by the said Councillors of his Servant Cantoo Baboo?

1789, May 14.

Pa. 677.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question in the Negative — and gave his Reasons.

1789, May 20.

Pa. 718.

3d.

Question. — Whether the Instructions from the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East , to Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General; Lieutenant General John Clavering, the Honourable George,

Richard Barwell, Esquire, and Philip Francis, Esquire, Councillors, constituted and appointed the Governor General and Council of the said United Company's Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in Europe;" of the 29th of March 1774, Par. 31, 32, and 35; the Consultation of the nth March 1775; the Consultation of the 13th March 1775, up to the Time that Mr. Hastings left the Council; the Consultation of the 20th of March 1775; the Letter written by Mr. Hastings to the Court of Directors on the 25th of March 1775 — it being alledged that Mr. Hastings took no Steps to explain or defend his Conduct — are sufficient to introduce the Examination of Nundcomar, or the Proceedings of the rest of the Councillors on said 13th of March, after Mr. Hastings left the Council, such Examination and Proceedings charging Mr. Hastings with corruptly receiving Three Lacks 54,105 Rupees ?

1789, 21.

Pa. 730.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question, in the Negative — and gave his Reasons.

1789, 27.

Pa. 771.

4th.

Question. — Whether the Public Accounts of the Nizamut and Bhela, under the Seal of the Begum, attested also by the Nabob, and transmitted by Mr. Goring to the Board of Council at Calcutta, in a Letter bearing Date the 29th June 1775, received by them, recorded without Objection on die Part of Mr. Hastings, and transmitted by him likewise without Objection to the Court of Directors, and alledged to contain Accounts of Money received by Mr. Hastings; and it being in Proof that Mr. Hastings, on the 1 ith of May 1778, moved the Board to comply with the Requisitions of the Nabob Mobarek ul Dowla, to reappoint the Munny Begum, and Rajah Goordass (who made up those Accounts) to the respective Offices they before tilled — and which was accordingly resolved by the Board — ought to be read ?

1789, June 17.

Pa. 855.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question, in the Negative — and gave his Reasons.

1789, June 24.

Pa. 922.

5th.

Question. — Whether the Paper delivered by Sir Elijah Impey, on the 7th of July 1775, in the Supreme Court, to die Secretary of the Supreme Council, in order to be transmitted to the Council as the Resolution of the Court in respect to the Claim made for. Roy Radachum, on Account of his being Vakeel of the Nabob Mobarek ul Dowlah — and which Paper was the Subject of the Deliberation of the Council on the 31st July 1775, Mr. Hastings being then present, and was by them transmitted to the Court of Directors, as a Ground for such Instructions from the Court of Directors as the Occasion might seem to require — may be admitted as Evidence of the actual State and Situation of the Nabob, with Reference to the English Government ?

1789, July 2.

Pa. iooi.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question, in the Affirmative — and gave his Reasons.

1789, 7.

Pa. 1030.

6th.

Question. — Whether it be, or be not, competent to the Managers for the Commons to give Evidence upon the Charge in the Sixth Article, to prove that the Rent at which the Defendant, Warren Hastings, let the Lands mentioned in the said Sixth Article of Charge, to Kelleram, fell into Arrear and was deficient — and whether, if Proof were offered that ,the Rent fell in Arrear immediately after the Letting, the Evidence would in that Case be competent

1790, April 22.

Pa. 364.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question — " That it is not " competent to the Managers for the Commons to " give Evidence upon the Charge in the Sixth Article, " to prove that the Rent at which the Defendant,

" Warren

34 Geo. III.

30° Apr ills.

537

" Warren Hastings, let the Lands mentioned in the " said Sixth Article of Charge to Kelleram, fell into " Arrear, and was deficient" — and gave his Reasons.

1790, 27.

Pa. 388.

7th.

Question. — Whether it be competent for the Managers for the Commons to put the following Question to the Witness, upon the Sixth Article of Charge, viz. " What Impression the letting of the Lands to Kelleram " and Cullian Sing made on the Minds of the Inha-

" bitants of that Country r "

1790, April 27.

Pa. 391.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question — " That it is not competent to the Managers for the Commons to put the " following Question to the Witness, upon' the Sixth " Article of Charge, viz. What Impression the letting " of the Lands to Kelleram and Cullian Sing made on " the Minds of the Inhabitants of that Country" — and gave his Reasons.

1790, 29.

Pa. 413.

8th.

Question. — Whether it be competent to the Managers for the Commons to put the following Question to the Witness, upon the Seventh Article of Charge, viz. " Whether more Oppressions did actually exist under the new Institution than under the " old?"

1790, 29.

Pa. 415.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question — " That it is not " competent to the Managers for the Commons to " put the following Question to the Witness, upon " the Seventh Article of Charge, viz. Whether more " Oppressions did actually exist under the new Institution than under the old" — and gave his Rea-

sons.

9th.

1790, M Pa. 428.

Question. — Whether the Letter of the 13th April 1781 can be given in Evidence by the Managers for the Commons, to prove that the Letter of the 5th of May 1781, already given in Evidence, relative to the Abolition of the Provincial Council, and the subsequent Appointment of the Committee of Revenue, was false in any other Particular than that which is charged in the Seventh Article of Charge ?

1790, May 20.

Pa. 557.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, upon the said Question — " That it is not competent for the Managers on the Part of the Commons " to give any Evidence on the Seventh Article of Impeachment, to prove that the Letter of the 5th of " May 1781 is false in any other Particular than that " wherein it is expressly charged to be false" — and gave his Reasons.

1790, June 2.

Pa. 634.

10th.

Question. — Whether it be competent to the Managers for the Commons to examine the Witness to any Account of the Debate which was had on the 9th

Vol. 49-

Day of July 1778, previous to the written Minutes that Report on appear upon the Consultation of that Date ? L°r<j8 Pro-

1794, Feb. 25. Mr^Hast*11

Lords Minutes. ^Trial.

Answer. — The Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges upon the said Question — " That it is not competent to the Managers for the Commons to examine " the Witness, Philip Francis, Esquire, to any Account " of the Debate which was had on the 9th Day of " July 1778, previous to the written Minutes that " appear upon the Consultation of that Date " — and gave his Reaspns.

1794, Febry. 27.

- Lords Minutes.

11th.

Question. — Whether it is competent for the Managers for the Commons, in Reply, to ask the Witness, Whether, between the Time of the original Demand being made upon Cheit Sing, and the Period of the Witness's leaving Bengal, it was at any Time in his Power to have reversed or put a Stop to the Demand upon Cheit Sing — the same not being relative to any Matter originally given in Evidence by the Defendant ?

1794, Febry. 27.

Lords Minutes.

Answer.--The Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas delivered the unanimous Opinion of the Judges upon the said Question — " That it is not " competent for the Managers for the Commons to ask " the Witness, Whether between the Time of the original Demand being made upon Cheit Sing and the " Period of his leaving Bengal, it was at any Time in " his Power to have reversed or put a Stop to the " Demand upon Cheit Sing, the same not being relative " to any Matter originally given in Evidence by the " Defendant " — and gave his Reasons.

1794, Mar. 1.

Lords Minutes.

12th.

Question. — Whether a Paper read in the Court of Directors, on the 4th of November 1783, and then referred by them to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Court; and again read in the Court of Directors on the 19th of November 1783, and amended, and ordered by them to be published for the Information of the Proprietors, can be received in Evidence, in Reply, to rebut the Evidence given by the Defepdant, of the Thanks of the Court of Directors, signified to him on the 28th of June 1785 ?

1794, Alar. 1.

Lords Minutes.

Answer. — Whereupon the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, having conferred with the rest of the Judges present, delivered their unanimous Opinion, upon the said Question, in the Negative — and gave his Reasons.

1794, Mar. 1.

Lords Minutes.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number-of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Act for re-jesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining any Person stnumng " concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Publick Service, from being Member*

6 X " elected, ordered.

A. 1794.

588, 30® Aprilis, —

" elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the " House of Commons," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and explain so much of the said Act as restrains any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons, in Cases where such Contract, Commission, or Agreement, shall be taken by the lowest Offer, at a Public Bidding, after previous Notice given;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Sir John Mr. Muilman Trench

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton and Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Bill for ex- An ingrossed Bill for extending the Time limited, Timeforde- by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy and livering in Victualling Bills, was read the Third Time.

Navy and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Victualling be, An Act for extending the Time limited, by an Act 1 pass of this Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Further The House was moved, That the Order, made

Hearing of Yesterday, for the further Hearing of Counsel, To-Eau^rink morrow Morning, upon the Bill for improving the and King's Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Lynn Drain- Great Level of the Fens called Level, and the

BiUdefer- Low Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Fleet Inclb- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the sure, &c. Bill Common Droves and Waste Lands, in the Parish of committed. Fleet, in the County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload,

Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise all in South Holland,

in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ingilby, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

48.

24.

1° — 2° Man.

Jovis, 1° die Mail;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE House being met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°urne<1-not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Mail;

Anno 34® Georgii III*1 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, Abergavenny lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, Paving, &c. the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth-, passed-and for providing a proper Market Place, and removing the present Market House, and for repairing and altering the Water Works belonging to the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Bristol Buiy-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the se- ing Ground, veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, &c' being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Fourteenth rep°

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the " City of Bristol, and for' enlarging the Burying " Ground belonging to the said Parish," was referred.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

John Lewis, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have duly executed the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Act; and that, in performing the several Works thereby directed to be done, the whole of the Money raised has been expended, and a considerable Debt contracted, which cannot be paid off.

That in the Year 1677, the Corporation of the said City of Bristol, by proper Conveyances, granted and conveyed in Fee to the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the said Parish of Saint Stephen, a Plot of void Ground, situate in a Place then called The Marsh, within the said Parish, to be used and employed by the Parishioners of the said Parish as a Church Yard (the same having the retofore been duly consecrated) for the burying and interring the Dead of the said Parish — That this

Ground

Bill to confirm the Inclosure of Sodbury Common Fields passed.

Bill to amend the Oxford Canal Navigation Acts passed.

34 Geo. III.

2° Maii.

539

Ground hath ever since been so used and employed; but the said Trustees having enlarged their own Burying Ground, agreeable to the said Act, and which is situate contiguous to the Church of Saint Stephen, the said Plot of Ground is not now wanted by the said Parish for a Burying Ground, and is become a Nuisance to the Neighbourhood; but the same being situate near the public Quays, within the said City, might be converted to Purposes very beneficial to the Trade of the said City; and that it is expedient that the same should be re-conveyed to the said Corporation of Bristol, who are willing and desirous of paying the said Trustees a valuable Consideration for the same, and also to contribute largely towards increasing the Fund necessary to extricate the saici Trustees out of their present Difficulties and Incumbrances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish: And that Mr. John Pitt and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the , Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open or Common Fields, and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open or Common Fields, and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 22. To leave out from " shall" to " be " in Pr. 7. 1. 5.

Pr. 8. 1. 30. To leave out " and " and insert " or " instead thereof.

Pr. 11. I.37. To leave out " for" and insert

" up to the next preceding Half " Yearly Day of Payment of " Interest in " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 49.

An ingrossed BUI for dividing and allotting the several Compton Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and Beauchamp Other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish ^"ure of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the p County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Commissioners to make an Award.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 2. To leave out from " Benefit" to

" And " in 1. 34.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Upton Gray and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Com- Inclosure Bill-mon Fields, in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County committed-of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bromsgrove of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads and Dudley in the Counties of Worcester and , ,so far as

relates to the Road leading from the Town of grove to the Tow-n of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Belton Inclo-the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the sure Bill re-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and P°rted-other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County of Rutland, w-as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed'to the Land Tax at £. 8. 2 s:per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property to be-inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at £82. 8 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, .

in

540

2° Mail 1794.

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ilkeston A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Inclosure Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, committed. within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Po-chin, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to amend Mold Inclo-8ure Act reported-

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that th6 Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thirteen Claimants to Right of Common, who have not signed the Bill, and whose joint Properties are 1,441 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the whole Number of Claimants are Eighty-three, whose joint Properties are 13,591 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Abergele, Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to Saint Asaph, whom the Bill for embanking and otherwise fencing &c. Embank- frora the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Pa-Draina^ Bill r‘s^ Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhyd-reported. Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid,

and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, One or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, rated to the Land Tax at Four Shillings a Year who objected to the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors rated as aforesaid at £. 24. 1 s. n d. who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors rated as aforesaid at £. 8. 5 s.4 d.who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Messuages, Lands, and other Here 7

ditaments, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be embanked and drained by the Bill, are rated to the Land Tax at £. 356. 18$. 4;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Broughton Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Inclosure Bill Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brough- Pa38e<<-ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Earl Ludlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William MeDowall reported from the Com- Glasgow, mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Renfrew, and Powers of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of j^^ouse the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An committed " Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in Bill reported. " the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" for repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads " from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town " of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the " Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk " and Renfrew," so far as respects the Road from the

Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near

Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendment^ to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Aberdeen the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Paving, &c. paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, deferred,

the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenpes leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next. i

Rawreth and

Chelmsford Road Bill passed.

Crawley and Bishops Sutton Inclosure Bill reported.

Wolverhampton and Ivetsey Bank Road Bill passed.

Petition of Mr. Hooton and others against Newport Pagnel Inclosure Bill.

34 Geo. III. 2° Mali, 541

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Black in the Parish

of Rawreth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battles Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County, was committed.

Mr. Joshua Smith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Half Yard Land in the Parish of Crawley, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, to be inclosed in the said Parish, amounts to 31 Yard Lands and a Quarter; and also, except the Proprietors of 18 Acres, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Bishops Sutton, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed in the said Parish amounts to 517 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving,. and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to -in

the Parish of Blbnhill, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Hooton, Gentleman, George Pitt Hurst, Gentleman, and William Davies, Clerk, Stephen Hoddle, John Hollingworth, and William Underwood, Master and Governors of Queen s Hospital, in Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, and John Walton Hooton, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the VoL. 49.

County of Buckingham; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Part of the Lands lying in the said Open and Common Field, and have not been consulted upon, or apprized of, the Terms upon which the said Inclosure is to take place, save by a Perusal of the said Bill; that the Commissioners therein named are altogether unknown to the Petitioners, but have, as the Petitioners apprehend and believe, been named by, or at the particular Instance of, George Lord Viscount Valentia, and Sir John Buchanan Riddell; and, in case of the Death, or Refusal to act, of either of the said Commissioners, the Survivor is authorized to nominate another Commissioner, and that, in Case of Difference between the said Commissioners, the Matter shall be referred to George Maxwell, therein mentioned, a Person also named by the said Lord Viscount Valentia, and Sir John Buchanan Riddell; and that there is a Clause contained in the said Bill, whereby the Commissioners are authorized and required to assign and allot, to the said Lord Viscount Valentia, as Lord of the Manor of Newport Pagnel, such Parcel and Quantity of Ground, in the said Open and Common Field, called Port Field, as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged to be an adequate Compensation for his Right of Soil of the Lands and Grounds lying Waste in the said Open and Common Fields, and for his Consent to the Inclosure thereof; and that the Commissioners named in the said Bill are to be paid Two Guineas per Day each in travelling to, returning from, and attending in, the Execution of the Act; and if any of the Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, intended to be divided or inclosed, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money, for the Purpose of applying and obtaining the said Act, or for putting the same into Execution, they shall be repaid the same with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies that shall be raised by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powders thereby given to them; and that the Petitioners apprehend and believe, that the said Lord Viscount as

Lord of the Manor of Newport Pagnel aforesaid, is not entitled to any Allotment, as a Compensation for Right of Soil, in any Lands lying waste in the said Fields, for there is no Land of that Description, and therefore he is entitled only as any other common Proprietor, and consequently, was any such Allotment to be made him on that Account, or for his Assent to the Inclosure, it must be at the Expence of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors, which is contrary to Justice; and that the Petitioners apprehend and submit, that the Nomination of Commissioners wholly unknown to them, and a Reference to a third Person, named by Part of the Proprietors only, of any Matters, about which the Commissioners may disagree, is by no Means usual, and the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners may be materially affected thereby, and that the Allowance of Two Guineas per Day, to each of the said Commissioners, is a larger Allowance than is generally made on such Occasions, and that an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum, for the Money advanced in procuring the Act, ought not to be charged; and that several of the Petitioners are Proprietors of Land in certain other Common Fields in Newport Pagnel aforesaid, called Tick-ford Fields, and therefore, if the present Bill pass into a Law, and the Port Fields alone be inclosed, the Expences of such of the Petitioners who are Owners of Land in both Fields will be considerably increased in case the Tickford Fields should ever be inclosed; and that the Parish of Newport Pagnel is burthened with a numerous Poor, and, should tire Inclosure take place, there will be much less Employment for the Poor than there is at present, for, that the said Port Fields, the Petitioners apprehend, will be principally

6 Y converted

Stirling Hoads Bill reported.

Bill for regulating Water men, &c. on the Thames reported.

Petition from Alloa against Clackmanan and Perthshire Road Bill

542

2? Mail.

A. 1194.

converted into Pasture Ground, which are now chiefly Arable Land, besides which, it is presumed, that the Land will be very little, if at all, improved by the Inclosure, when the Expences attending it are considered: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Minyer, of Grays Inn, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Forbes, of Callander, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said First-mentioned Petition, and had considered the Second-mentioned Petition, and had

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Mt.aaw whom the Petition of Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, in the Petition t^-County of York, Painter, was referred; That the Com- lb* mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it ap- Skins rtpor, peared to them to the House; and he read the Report ed-in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, His Majesty's Letters Patent, bearing Date the 16th Day of January, in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Reign, were produced, which grants the Petitioner the sole Use of an Invention lately discovered by him for Tanning Hides and Skins without Bark, for the Term and upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

Then Mr. Sparks Moline, a Currier in Westminster, produced to your Committee a Piece of Leather of the best Quality, which had been tanned with a Liquor produced from Oak Bark, and another Piece of Leather which had been tanned with a Liquor made according to the said Invention of the Petitioner.

And he said, That he had made a Trial with respect to the Wear of a Piece of the best Leather he could procure in London, which had been tanned in the

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Ordinary Why, and a Piece which had been tanned same to be true; and that the Committee had gone according to the Method invented by the Petitioner, through the Bill, and made several Amendments and he thought them equally good, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to And the Witness added. That there had been, for the House; and he read the Report in his Place; some Time past, a great Scarcity of Bark in this King-and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- dom, and that although Raw Hides might be had from ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- Abroad in any Quantity, yet, owing to the Want of ments were Once read throughout; and then a Se- Bark, a great Check had been put to the Manufac-cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question turing of Leather; and he said, he was of Opinion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the that the Invention of the Petitioner will greatly in-

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better regulating and

crease the Tanning of Leather, consequently the Public Revenue.

Then an Act, made in the Second Year of King James the First, and other Acts, restraining the Use of any other Materials or Things in the Tanning of Leather than such as are therein described and al-governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lighter- lowed, and restraining the Sale of Leather tanned men upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and with any other Materials or Things than as before-Windsor, was committed; and to whom the Petition mentioned, were read; and a Member informed your of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City Committee that Doubts were entertained whether,* on of London, was referred; That the Committee had Account of such Restrictions, the Petitioner and the considered the said Petition, and had examined the Public could have the Benefit intended by the said Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Letters Patent.

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the; Gentlemen and made several Amendments thereunto, which they who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to had directed him to report to the House; and he repeal so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act

vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's " concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Table; Where the Amendments were Once read " Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather," as throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; relates to the Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins,

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were That they do make Provision in the said Bill for ob-

agreed to by the House. viating Doubts touching the Validity of certain Letters

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Patent granted to Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, Painter, ingrossed. for tanning Hides and Skins according to a Method

invented by him.

A Petition of the there under-signed Fewars and Traders, Inhabitants of the Town of Alloa, was pre- Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Elloughtw sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture repwW' the House for making a Turnpike Road, beginning at Lands, and Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Causeway Head, on the West of the County of the several Townships of Elloughton, , and

Clackmanan, and leading by the Town of Alloa to Waldby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding Kincardine, on the East, and conceive that, if the said of the County of York, was committed; That the Bill should pass into a Law, the Interests and Property Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-of the Petitioners would be greatly injured thereby; ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure,

3 had

34 Geo. III. 2° Maxi. 543

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Feliskirk and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Sutton In- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-closure Bill mons or Moors within the Township of Feliskirk and reported. Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor of Land rated to the Land Tax at Four Shillings and Eleven Pence a Year, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax at £. 89 19$. 7 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill to repeal Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Act respect- to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act made nin th&<Pof *n Second Year of the Reign of King Janies the Hides and° First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Cur-Skins pre- " riers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying rented. " the Cutting of Leather," as relates to the Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins; and for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of certain Letters Patent granted to Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, Painter, for tanning Hides and Skins according to a Method invented by him: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leeds, Brad- An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the ford, and Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-RoadsBuT ^rd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-passed. tuled, " An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of " Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same " relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads " leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton,

" and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and " also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little " Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of " York," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Vol. 49.

enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and IFitacy, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Warden and Assistants of the petition for Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was pre- Leave to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That rentaPetition the Petitioners are invested with certain Powers and **

Authorities for regulating the said Harbour, and the Dover Har-Mooring and removing of Ships'and Vessels therein, hour, but such Powers and Authorities are found insufficient to enable the Petitioners effectually to regulate the safne, in consequence whereof great Inconvenience arises to Ships and Vessels coming into the said Harbour; and that the Petitioners were desirous of applying to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to allow them further Powers and Authorities for the Purposes aforesaid, but were prevented from making such Application within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, by the usual Period for the Petitioners holding their Session being on Wednesday in Easter Week, and which Session was accordingly holden on Wednesday the 23d of April last, when it was resolved by the Petitioners to make immediate Application to the House for that Purpose, and a Petition hath been prepared accordingly, and is now ready to be presented to the House; and that it is of Consequence to the Public that the Petitioners should be enabled effectually to regulate the said Harbour, and the Mooring and removing of Ships and Vessels therein, as soon as may be, but the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament:

And therefore praying, that the House will give Leave that the said Petition may be now presented, notwithstanding the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Warden and Assistants of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent.

Then a Petition of the Warden and Assistants of Dover Har-the Harbour of Dover,- in the County of Kent, was bour Petition, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are invested with certain Powers and Authorities for regulating the said Harbour, and the Mooring and removing of Ships and Vessels therein, but such Powers and Authorities are found insufficient to enable the Petitioners effectually to regulate the same, in consequence whereof great Inconvenience arises to Ships and Vessels coming into the said Harbour; and that it is of Consequence to the Public, that the Petitioners should be enabled effectually to regulate the said Harbour, and the Mooring and removing of the Ships and Vessels therein: Ana therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the said Harbour, and the Mooring and removing of Ships and Vessels therein, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition

544

2° Ma

A. 1794.

&c. Duties Bill

Worcester A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaols of Debtors Peti- the County and City of Worcester, was presented to t*00- the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress,

and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Karnes and have agreed Mr Walker:

to* Mr Speaker,

Consolidated The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fund Bill. Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

National The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Debt BilL Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also, flagstone, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

..... Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of

Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for more The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An vemiorfoffe" ^Ct for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Se-Smuggling, venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as &c. ' directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland until the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands for a limited Time; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation; without any Amendment: And also,

hctomre Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cosure i . ^ct for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing,

the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Thorn ham, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to pro- Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Families of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Militia Men. " Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the " Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England;" and also, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia;" without any Amendment: And also,

Bill fortaking The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An thTcount1*11 ^Ct ^or biking of special Bail in Actions and Suits Palatineof depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the Lancaster. County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

Forfar Roads The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An B*ll> Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of

an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for " regulating the Statute Labour within the same;" and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River

South Esk, near Finhdven; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tibthorpe Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pas- Inclosure Bill. tures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Tibthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Roundway, Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Bedborough, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common- nc able Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tythings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Cannings, and in the Parish of Mar den, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for grant-Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His ingto Foreiga Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, ^jIP^efPn‘ under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for al- pr^shipa, lowing Aliens . in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to &c. with His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants Amend-or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the ments* Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of " any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

" from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in " Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Lawand also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Walkington Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure Bill, Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons, within With Amend* the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding of the ments* County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement have passed, entered into between Christopher late Lord Bishop of Bishop of Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wor- Bristol and maid, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of ®otts» &c-the said late Lord Bishop to renew building Leases of B.sj*emen Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Sir Joseph for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks and Banks, Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates of Elisha gm Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell, or exchange, other Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for nnit-for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint ing the Rec-Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with Nicho-the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance Saint Mary, of either Benefice; to which the Lords desire the Con- Soutl1 Kelsey, currence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Emanuel empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Hospital London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital, in or near Charity Bill.

Westminster,

Bra sen Nose College and Loveden's Exchange Bill.

St. John's Estate Bill.

Willson's Estate Bill.

Emanuel Hospital Charity Bill read.

Willson's Estate Bill read.

Sir Joseph Banks and Biscoe's Estate Bill read.

Bill for more effectually repairing certain Parts of Highways committed.

Hastings

Writ.

34 Geo. III. 2°

545

'Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the KingV} Hall and College of Brasen Nose, in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden, of Bus-cot Park, in the County of Berks, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Andrew Saint John, Esquire, and, after his

Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate, in the Parish of Saint John, Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Willson, Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton, Esquire, on Payment of the

Sum of Three thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital, in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Willson,

Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton, Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of Three thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

a

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell, or exchange; other Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by Two Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Sir Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Vol. 49.

Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Pontefract to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, in the room of John Smyth, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed. That the Bill for the Purpose of protecting reading Wooleombers from being injured in their Manufacture ^olc°mbe by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced 60011

for the combing of Wool, be now read a Second Time;

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, in Petition from their own Behalf, and in Behalf of their Partners, Proprietors of Proprietors of Four large and expensive Manufactories ^^inNot-in the Counties of Nottingham and York, was pre- tinghamshire sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, and York-in a firm Reliance on that Wisdom of the British Le- shire against

n# t> jii

gislature, which has left an unlimited. Field of Exercise to the ingenious Artizan, for the Improvement of Manufactures and Extension of the National Commerce, the Petitioners were not alarmed at the Petition of the Wooleombers, nor apprehended even the Appearance of a Bill in favour of Views, which, in their Principle are partial, in their Operation restrict the Choice of Labour, and, in their Consequences, must inflict a dangerous Wound on the Manufactures and Commerce of the Kingdom: That finding, from the Votes, that a Bill in favour of the Wooleombers has been received and passed a first Hearing, the Petitioners think it behoves them to appear before the House in Behalf of themselves and of their Country, not less confiding, than from the first, in the Wisdom and Justice of the Legislature, but thinking that they should be wanting, both to the House and themselves, if they should omit to lay before the House that Information which is derived from Experience, and which they respectfully submit to the Judgment of the House: That it appears to be the General Right of the Subject, which the Wisdom of the Legislature has for Ages admitted, that he be at Liberty to exercise his Art or Profession in that Way which appears to be the most conducive to his Interest, nor offends against the Laws or the Right of others; that of this Interest he is himself in all Instances the fittest Judge, and that from this unfettered and well-directed Pursuit of Individual Interest, has arisen, and ever will arise, the greatest Aggregate of National Benefit:

That, under the Protection of the Law, vesting in some of the Petitioners and others the Right of certain Patents, the Public has become possessed of a very valuable Improvement in the combing of Wool by Machinery as preparatory to the Spinning of Worsted Yarn, one great Staple of the National Trade: That great Benefit has already resulted from this improved Mode of Combing, but in no Proportion to what is expected to result, whereby a great Saving in the Production of Yam will be obtained, and the Manufactures of the Kingdom be carried to Market with

g eater Advantage both to the Manufacturer and onsumer: That, on a moderate Estimation, the Price of combing of the lower Wools is reduced by this Improvement from Two Pence Half-penny, or Three Pence, to One Penny per Pound, and that, when the finer Wools shall be subjected to the same Operation, the Reduction of Price will most probably be from Six Pence, or more, to One Penny, or Three Half-pence per Pound: That, in Time of Peace, this Difference will be much more considerable,

6 Z as

54 6

2° Mail.

A. 1794.

as the Price of Hand-combing is then greatly enhanced, while the Expence of Machine-combing will remain altogether, or nearly, the same, and that, if the Petitioners and others should be compelled to abandon the Combing of Wool by Machinery, they will severally be subjected to the ruinous Obligation of producing their Yams at an Expence of from £. 1,500 to £. 2,000 per Annum, more than the Production of the same Yam will cost them by Machinery: That if, in the Progress of Time, the Machine-combing, being unrestricted by Law, should supersede the Use of Hand-combing, the saving to the National Produce would, on a moderate Calculation, greatly exceed One Million per Annum; and that, u the Machine-combing be suppressed, the National Manufactures must in Consequence be charged with this additional Load: That the Machine-combing is superior in Quality, it being one continued even Flux of the Material, indefinite in its Length, while the Wool combed by Hand is in short Lengths, with irregular Ends, subject both to Loss and Imperfection in the uniting them; and that the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom appear to have been for some Years past considerably on the Increase, and may receive a severe and fatal Check, to the great Injury of the Kingdom, if they cannot be produced on the best and cheapest Terms: That the good Policy of the Law, in leaving Manufactures to their Natural Course, was strikingly evinced in the Business of Cotton, in the Spinning of which the Application of Machinery threatened to deprive of their Maintenance a much more considerable Body of Artizans, while in the Progress the Artizans found Employment, and the Cotton Manufactures of the Kingdom were carried to a Height both of Excellence and Extent, and the National Wealth was multiplied, beyond all Example: That the Woollen Manufactures may, in all Probability, from the same Causes, reach the same Height of Prosperity and Excellence, if unchecked by prohibitory Laws; and it appears to be an unequal Line of Justice, that an Advantage should be granted j;o the Carding of Cotton, and denied to the Combing of Wool; that the latter being, for Ages, the Favourite Produce of the Kingdom, might have expected a special Indulgence; that the Cotton Manufactures have derived their high Reputation and Extent from the very Circumstance which the Petition of the* Woolcombers meditates to withdraw from Wool; and that the Woollen Manufactures may derive the same Improvement from the same Cause to which Cotton has been so much indebted; and that every Landholder in the Kingdom may find his own, and the most solid Interests of his Country, to be materially injured by ,the Denial of Machinery to the Combing of Wool: That the Growth of Wool fit for combing is not limited in the Degree which may be imagined, but will be increased or diminished in Proportion to the Demand for it; and that the Improvement of the Woollen Manufactures must increase the Growth of combing Wool, to the great Advantage of the Land Owner and Farmer, and consequently to the Poor by the Breeding of Sheep, and the Quantity of Mutton brought to Market: That the Petitioners apprehend, that no more Inconvenience will result to the Woolcombers from the Introduction of Machinery, than in the Instance of spinning Cotton by Machinery; that the Use of Machine-combing will be

fradual and progressive; and that the Decrease of land-combers will probably be in Proportion to the Increase of Machines for combing Wool: That, lastly, to the great Injury both to Individuals and the Kingdom, which will ensue from proscribing the free Use of Machinery in the combing of Wool, is to be added the singular Character of the Woolcombers, and the long Experience of the greatest Evils to the 7

Manufactures arising from this veiy Character: That the Woolcombers are a self-constituted Corporation, bound by Laws of their own making in Breach and Defiance of those of the Legislature, and, in consequence of this Combination, they counteract all the Interests and Pursuits of their Employers: That, if a Body of Woolcombers disagree with their Employers, no other Set of Woolcombers dare to succeed them, until the Difference is done away: That they take Advantage of the State of their Employer's Trade to raise their Wages ad libitum, and frequently leave their Employers in the most unwarrantable Manner, and, by their Combination* put a Stop to their whole Operations, by which illegal Conduct from Three to Four hundred poor working People are totally at a Stand, and the Employer has no Resource but in Compliance with their wanton and exorbitant Demands: That, as a Body, their Vices and Intemperance are a Source of infinite Loss and Trouble, and that a Dependance on the Woolcombers alone will

be an Abandonment of the most valuable Manufactures to a Set of Men whom neither Law nor Morals have yet been able to restrain; and that, if the Bill now depending in the House be such as to threaten the Injury which the Petitioners have stated, it is their respectful Petition to the House, that they may be permitted to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, in Support of the Allegations which they have stated, and of the Interests of themselves and their Country, which are seriously at Stake.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for altering Two several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight ana Payment of Tolls in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Orper of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the better Security " of His Majesty's Royal Person and Government/' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Oaths, contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy " and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths," commonly called the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, referred to in the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Declaration,

contained

Woolcombers Bill committed.

Common Carriers Bill deferred.

Committee on again recommitted Bill for preventing delay in Elections

3.4 Geo. III. 2° Mali.

547

contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen intituled,

" An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant " Subjects, dissenting from the Church of " from the Penalties of certain Laws," commonly called the Declaration of Fidelity, containing the Purport and Effect of the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for repealing so much of the said Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, as enacts, that no Person, who shall refuse to take certain Oaths therein referred to, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity therein also referred to, shall be admitted to give any Vote for the Election of any Knight of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of the Cinque Ports, to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relates to the said Oath commonly called the Oath of Supremacy, and also so far as the same relates to that Part of the Declaration of Fidelity as contains the Purport and Effect of the said Oath of Supremacy.

The House was" moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision for electing and " summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the " House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain; " and for trying Peers for Offences committed in " Scotland-, and for the further regulating of Voters " in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for repealing so much of the said Act as enacts that every Person, who shall refuse to take the Oath therein recited, commonly called the Oath of Abjuration, or being a Quaker, shall refuse to declare the Effect thereof upon his solemn Affirmation, in the Manner therein mentioned, or referred to, shall not be capable of giving any Vote for the Election of any Member to serve in the House of Commons for any Place in Great Britain, or Commissioner to chuse a Burgess for any Place in Scotland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the King of Prussia, as well as to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1794, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

An* Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " to make good the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the " King of Prussia, as well as,"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ ^Jenkinw: }

Tellers for *e Noes,}j.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Moniington, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. John Thomas Toumshqnd, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles hong, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address os His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this King's Mes-House, for His Majesty's Most Gracious Message, and "ge respect-for having been pleased to communicate to us the Treaty p^ja. which has been signed at the Hague by the Plenipoten- and Conven-' tiaries of His Majesty and the States General of The tionwith United Provinces, and the Plenipotentiary of the King Holland, of Prussia, and also the Convention signed by the Plenipotentiary of His Majesty and the Plenipotentiary of The States General; and to assure His Majesty that this House, anxious to afford His Majesty the most effectual Support in the vigorous Prosecution of the War, have resolved to make ample Provision towards enabling His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into, as well as to defray such extraordinary Expences as may be incurred in the Course of the present Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Bill for Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

preserving whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually pre-French serving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Ma-

Property jesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Per-

deferre . gons res;jent in France, for the Benefit of the

Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the a^efrespect- w^ole House, to whom it was referred to take into Coning Treaty sideration His Majesty's Most Gracious Message of with Prussia, Monday last, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Vox. 49.

&C.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning journtoMon next ay*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from BlU d*ferred* the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration An"£?d,:

r - . t j i rvii merits to Walk-

the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- ington Inclosturc tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open BUI «greed *» and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons,

Hill to continue Act respecting Bankrupts, presented.

Billto explain Act for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections reported.

548

2° Mali.

A. 1794.

mons, 'within the Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. n. b. 1. 21. Leave out " Two" and insert " One."

Pr. 42. 1. 36. After " Grounds" insert " save

" as hereafter mentioned."

Pr. 43. a. I. 8. After " Right" insert " save " as hereafter mentioned."

1. 28. After " received" insert " And " in as much as such Right " and Title as the said Lord " Bishop of Durham, Henry " Bo Barnard, and " topher Keld, in Right of " the Crown as aforesaid, respectively, have as Copyhold Lords in and to the " Soil of the Copyhold Tenements held of their respective Manors, are intended " to be preserved and continued to them in such Copyhold Tenements, and the " Copyhold Allotments, to be " made in respect thereof, It " is hereby Declared, that no " such Compensation as aforesaid shall be made to them,

" or any of them, for or in " respect of such Right of,

" or Title in or to the Soil of " such Copyhold Tenements,

" or the Allotments to be made " in respect thereof."

Pr. 80. 1. 22. After " made " insert " save and

" except where it is otherwise specially provided for by " this Act."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by BankruptsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ini

Ordered, That Mr. Bochin be added to the Gentle- Member add-men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, fj* pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Newn- do^i-e Bill" ham, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Warboys, William Stroud, Esquire, Patron, and Robert Fowler, Clerk,

Rector of die Rectory of the Parish Church of War-boys, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, and of Open Common Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to warboys In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen or closure Bill Common, called Warboys High Fen, in the Parish of presented. Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, New Sleaford Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste and Quarring-Lands, in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of ton 1 "closure Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Hold, within the com, mt'

said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Pochin, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- South mon Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Witham In-Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish committed of South Witham, in the County of Lincoln, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Falding-Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, worth Inclo-within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of 9Ure . Lincoln, was read a Second Time. commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill for Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of the Rectonc* of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, u^LintM^y, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint ^}h KeUeJ-Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement Bristol and entered into between Christopher late Lord Bishop of &c* Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry BU^read" Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate, in die Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

34 Geo. III.

9?

549

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Sugar and the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of eddejT,rt" Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; ported pre- and, at th® Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Mated. their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar, and Rum, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, from the ist of January 1792 to the 31st of December 1793, with the Amount of foe Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingpossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An BokidNou Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles CoUfi8« of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal Exchange and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Bill read.

Nose, in Oxford, and Edward LuvedenLovcden, of Buscot Park, in the County of Berks, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morur ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

Bill to continue Laws respecting the Transportation ,&c. of Offenders deferred.

Lords

Amendments to Bill for granting to Foreign Ships the Privileges of Prize Ships, (See. agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty'& Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Alieus in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty " to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in " America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign " Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated " according to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of foe Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 4. After " that " insert " from and " after the Twentieth Day of July " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-four."

1. 5. After " Person" insert " heretofore " a Subject of his late most " Christian Majesty."

1. 27. After " Slave" insert " belonging " to any Person;" and in the same Line, and Line 28, after " whatsoever" insert " heretofore a Subject of his late most " Christian Majesty." the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits in the County Palatine of Lancaster reported.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from foe said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,- and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wifo the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques.-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by -the House.

Ordered, That foe BU1» wifo foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

VOL. 49-

Ordered, That foe Report from the Committee of Land Re-foe whole House, to whom the BiH-for the better Ma- venue Bill nagement of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in de err future, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to enpbfoi Newspapers the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamping Bill stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon <lefeI,re<i in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill forgrant-to resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, »ng certain upon foe Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee ^^hJ*1* Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of Majesty by the Attainders of foe Persons therein named, to the Attainder* Descendants of such attainted Persons, be npw read. deferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of foe Day being read, for foe fur- Counsel farther Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving heard on the Drainage of foe Middle and South Levels, Part of King's foe Great Level of foe Fens called Bedford Level, and Lynn Drain-foe Low Lands adjoining, or near to, foe said Levels; age Bill, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, foe River Ouze, in foe County of Norfolk, draining through the sanve to Sea, by foe Harbour of Kings Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving foe Navigation of foe said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in foe Parish of Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving foe Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with foe said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And One of the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of foe Borough of King's Lyrm; and also, for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Lynn; and also, for the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Country of Marshland; and also, for foe Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in foe Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's,

West Lynn, and South Lynn All Saints, lying on the East Side of foe River Ouze, was further heard to observe upon foe Evidence which had been adduced in Support of foe'said Petitions, and closed his Observations thereupon.

And then foe Counsel for and against foe Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned tdl Tuesday Morning next.

7 A Ordered,

Account of N* of Ships arrived at Lynn to be printed.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Bill to amend Mold Inclo-aure Act passed.

Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers Bill reported.

550

2° — 5® Mail A. 1794

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Total Number of Ships which have arrived at, and discharged their Cargoes at, the Port of Lynn, in each Year, for Seven Years, ending the 5th of January 1794, as also of their Ladings; distinguishing those Ships belonging to Lynn from those not belonging to that Port, and how many of the Ships belonging to the Port of Lynn were built there, and how many were built elsewhere, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 5° d Mail;

Anno 34* Georgii III*4* Regis, 1794. Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 28. To leave out from " concerned,"

to " May," in 1. 31.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to dissolve the Corporation established by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present, Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " incorporate certain Persons therein named, and " their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and " for the more effectually supporting and conducting " the same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar " Manner calculated for the casting of large Plate " Glass," and to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory established under the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of George Kemp and Matthew Kemp, of the City of London, Glass Manufacturers, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr Leeds- have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Reading and Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of pUn*fe1ldn the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for re- 1 '

pairing the Road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and several

other Roads in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ayr Harbour Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Bill-of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and " improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting " Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading " into, and going out of, the said Harbour, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tyburn and Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Uxbridge, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the High-ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Borrowstoun-Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of ness Two-Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign j^{}ny Scot* of his late Majesty King George the Second,' and me Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Borrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wisbech Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Navigation from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called The Old 1 Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, to join the River Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load, Sluice; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, have passed in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Mayes's Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved Charity BUI. Yearly Rents; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bishop of Pe confirm and establish an Award made between the terborough Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash,

Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and

interested

34 Geo. III.

interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, late of the said William situate and being in Poston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in the County of Northampton (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and Copy-hold from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lord* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this will proceed House, That their Lordships will proceed further in in ^Tria?1* Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, TO-morrow p Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Welland Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do make the

Drainage and Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for BdTreported improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut, was committed.

Mr. Robert Smith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 80 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of >2,994 Acres, or thereabouts, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 447 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consists of 46,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 1,404 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of diem was disagreed to, and die rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for fencing off the Banks from the adjoining Lands, and vesting the Herbage in the Trustees; and for setting out Roads and Side Bars.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the . Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Height of the Water.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be niade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for putting up Flash Boards.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Vol. 49. ‘

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Preservation of the Rights of the Corporation of Boston, in respect to the Admiralty Jurisdiction.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Hill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Land within the Purview of the Act, shall be exempted from Payment of the Tax, having Once paid the same.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Annesley reported from the Committee, Bill for to whom the Bill for regulating the Manner of ^^Corn-stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise m^eported. Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Aldmondsbury, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 9 Cottage Rights; and that the whole Number of Cottage Rights are 284, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Tushingham from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing the Common and Waste rented? Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land of the Annual Value of £. 230, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the Annual Value of the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed amounts to £. 1,005 > and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.''

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bristol Buiy-Order, a Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish of Ground,

Cf . «C. Kill pr*.

rented.

552

5° Mm.

A. 1794.

Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish: Ana the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St John's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An rewL* Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate, in the Parish of Saint John, Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Skillington Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom rewrtecL to divide, improve, allot, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open arid Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same, was Committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coctomouth A Petition of the Woolcombers and Manufacturers Woolcombero of the Borough of Cockermouth, was presented to the Petition. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been alarmed by the Introduction of a newly invented Machine for the combing of Wool, which if not prohibited by the House, they fear, will deprive them of the Means of Subsistence for themselves and Families, many of the Petitioners being advanced in Years, and not able to betake themselves to any other Employment, and the Woollen Manufactory appearing to them to be limited, from the Growth of the Raw Material being confined to these Kingdoms, and no Foreign Nation capable of forming a Competition with this Country in that Branch of Commerce, even in the present State of the Manufactory, they can see no Advantage from the Introduction of such an Invention, but the greatest Evil to the present Wool-combers, by its being brought into immediate Use: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to adopt a Plan to prevent the present Introduction of the said Invention into the Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ijunport, &c. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the incioauFe Bill Open nna Common Fields, Common Meadows, and

Common Pastures, within the several Manors of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Cam man Pastures, within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, to Dover H*r-whom the Petition of the Warden and Assistants of hou^ the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was repo referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Mom, Harbour Master, being examined said,

That the Number of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour is of late Years greatly increased, and that the Warden and Assistants have not sufficient Powers for regulating the said Harbour, and the Ships and Vessels coming into the same; and that it is of great Consequence to the Public, that sufficient Powers should be given to the said Warden and Assistants for regulating the said Harbour, and the Mooring of all Ships and vessels upon their entering into the said Harbour.

And the Witness further said. That great Number* of Ships and Vessels come into the said Harbour with large Quantities of Gunpowder on board, and fie in common amongst the other Ships and Vessels where Fires are constantly kept; and that it is absolutely necessary, for the Security of Ships and Vessels in the Harbour, and the Basons belonging thereto, and to all Persons residing in the Town of Dover, that some special Provision should be made respecting Ships and Vessels having on board a certain Quantity of Gunpowder.

Mr. Michael Elwin, Register of the Harbour, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Pybus do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty's Gaol, CarlkkDefc Carlisle, was presented to the House, and read; Com- ore Petition, plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Martin lock Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, «"* BiI1 in the Parish of Timberiand, in the County of Lincoln, Pawed> was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields,

Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Anderson Pelham do carry tht Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " restraining any Person concerned in any Contract,

" Commission,

Bill taamen4 Act for restraining Contractors from being Members presented.

Feliskirk and Sutton Inclosure Bill passed.

Elloughton Inclosure Bill passed.

Darby Writ.

Tregony

Writ.

Mr Kenneys' Bill committed.

34 Geo. III. 5° Mail

" Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a " Member of the House of Commons," as restrains any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons, in Cases where such Contract, Commission or Agreement shall betaken by the lowest Offer, at a Public Bidding, after previous Notice given: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Feliskirk, and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, and Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waldby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waldby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, in the room of the Right honourable George Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Cavendish, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Stephenson, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will- be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premises in order to recover the Balance due from the said to His Majesty , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vo l.49.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Akely cunt Stockholt, in the County of Buckingham, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and- that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made, to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the Houseand he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

> Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering Two several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Tolls in parti-, cular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tima upon Wednesday Morning next

7 B Mr,

Akely cum Stockholt Inclosure Bill repoited.

Belton Inck>* sure Bill passed.

Land Revenue Bill reported, and re committed.

Common Camera Bill deferred.

554 5° — 6° 1794

Again re- Mr. Hobart, SCcOfding to Ofdrir, reported frorri the «"**"£ Committee of (he whole H«uSd, tt> Who» the Bill for ventintf Dr- further Ptevention of Delay iti the EldCtfonS of

lay in Elec- Mfetribdfs td Sdfae in Parli&ment, was again re-eom-tions report- mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bflt, rind Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iri hi# Place; and afterwards delivered the Ml, With the Amendments, in at the Cletk's Tdble: Where the Alnefidments Were Once fead thf oughorit; arid theri a Sfetorid Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thefedpori, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Itigrossed.

Ordered That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shah be theri

Poor removal The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill deferred, further Consideration the Report which Was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Removal of Poor Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement, until they are actually chargeable, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Bill to conti- , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second nue Act re- Rbading of the Bill for further continuing an Act, made Bankrupts the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, inti-committed. tuled, " An Act to prevent toe committing of Frauds by

Bankrupts," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

BHIto ex- An ingrossed Bill to explaih so much of an Act, made plJin Act for in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's regulating^ Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation Controverted " of tile Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Elections " Members to Serve m Parliament," as relates to the passed. Time df taking certain renewed Petitions into Consideration, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the " Trials‘of controverted Elections or Returns of Mem'bers to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking too same into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Petition from A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parishes the Poor, and several other of the Vestrymen of the James Saint Pri^shesof Saint Jdmes Westminster, Saint Giles in the Giles, &c. Fields arid SabitGcorge Bloomsbury, arid Saint Clement against Poor Danis, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Removal Notice of the Bill for preventing "the Removal of 1 ' Poor 'Persons to the Plate of their legal Settlement

until they are actually chargeable; rind Setting forth, That, "although the: Petitioners approve of preventing the Removal of Poor Pefsdtts to the -Place of their legal Settlement until they become chftrgerible, yet they beg Leave to acquaint the House, that there ate certain Provisions and Directions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be attetided with Very great Difficulty and Inconvenience to the

4

sard several Parishes, and wtit not, as the Petitioners eoaceivey answer the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That they ffity be heard*, by themselves, or Counted, against such Parts of tile said Bill as they conceive witt be injurious to the several Parishes aforesaid, mid may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable arid proper.

Ordered, That the add Petition do Ke upon the Table, until the Report which wee made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, -or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon tiieif Petition if they think

A Bill to repeal sb much of an Act, made in the Bill to repeal Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, Actreepect-intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, JJing ©T

" Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the Hides and " Cutting of Leather," as relates to the Tanning and Skins com-Sale of Hides and Skihs; and for obviating Doubts mitted-touching the Validity of certain Letters Patent granted to Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, Painter, for tanning Hides and Skins according to a Method invented by him, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Proceeding* into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom toe Bill for the better BU^U18', paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of toe City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and firom toe same; for toe better supplying the Inhabitants wito fresh Water; and for remov-ing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and toe Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " upon this Day " Three Months," and inserting the Words " Tomorrow Morning," instead thereof.

And the Question being proposed, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months " stand part of toe Question;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four Of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Maii;

Anno 34° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good toe Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hasting*. Esquire, being come from toe Trial in Westminster Hall;

Mr.

Vote of Credit Bill presented

Woolcombers Bill deferred

Newport Pagnel Inclosure Bill reported.

Bottesford ind Yaddle-;horpe In-ilosure Bill eported.

34 Geo. III. 6° Man. 555

Mr. Charles Long presented to the Bouse, accord- and drat the Committee had gone through the Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise and made several Amendments thereunto, which they, the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand had directed him to report to the House; and he Pounds, (for the Uses and Purposes therein men- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tioned: And the saute was received; and read the die Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's First Thnfe Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second- lane and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Tomorrow Morning. agreed to by the House.

OrdeThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ingrossed. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*

upon the Bill for the Purpose of protecting Wool- The Marquis of Worcester reported from die Com- Cambridge combers from being injured in their Manufacture by the mittee, to whom the BUI to amend and enlarge the Paving, &c. Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the comb- Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year Bm rePorted* ing of Wool, be now read. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

And the said Order being read accordingly; " Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mora- " the Town of Cambridge; for removing and pre-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. " -venting Obstructions and Annoyances, and for

" widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages,

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report from within the said Town," was committed; and to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names closing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers certain Open and Common Field, caUed Port Field, in of Estates in the Town of Cambridge, in the County the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buck- of Cambridge, and residing in the said Town; and also, ingham, was committed. the Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars,

Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Com- of the University of Cambridge, were severally remittee, That the Committee had examined, and found ferred; That the Committee had considered the said that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that Support of the last mentioned Petition, and had exa-the Committee had considered the Petition of Thomas mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Hooton, Gentleman, George Pitt Hurst, Gentleman, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through and William Davies, Clerk, Stephen Hoddle, John Hoi- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, lingworth, and William Underwood, Master and Gover- which they had directed him to report to the House; nors of Queen Anne's Hospital, in Newport Pagnel, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards in the County of Bucks, and John Walton Hooton, Gen- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the tleman, referred to their Consideration, and had exa- Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to Committee (except the Owners of Lands, to the by the House; and an Amendment was made by the Amount of 172 Acres and 2 Roods, or thereabouts, House, to the Bill.

who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be divided ingrossed. and inclosed, amounts to 8 84 Acres 3 Roods and 30

Perches, or thereabouts); and that the Committee Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Bill to repeal had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in Act respect-ments thereunto, which they had directed to be re- the Second Year of the Reign of King James the ported to the House; and he read the Report in First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Cur- Hiaes and his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with " riers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupy- Skins rathe Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the " ing the Cutting of Leather," as relates to the P01*®^ Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins; and for ob-a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- viating Doubts touching the Validity of certain Let-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the ters Patent granted to Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield,

House. Painter, for tanning Hides and Skins according to a

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Method invented by him, was committed; That the ingrossed. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- to report to the House; and he read the Report monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Town- in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with ship of Bottesford, and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln, was Amendments were Once read throughout; and then committed; That the Committee had examined, and a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative tfon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the to Bills of Inclosure, nad been complied with; and House.

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ingrosded.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro- A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now confined Leicester prietor of 30 Acres of Old Inclosure, who could not in Leicester Gaol, was presented to the House, and Debtors be met with; and that the whole Number of Acres to read-; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Re- *>etition* be inclosed amounts to 1,360, and the whole Number fief.

of Acres of Old Inclosure is 398; and that no Person Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); Table.

Vol. 49- An

6" Mali.

656

A. 1794;

fekilKngton . All ingrossed Bill to divide, improve, allot, and inclose Inckwure the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, Bill passed. Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish

of Skilthtgton, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for more Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to

MWn^cer^6" w^om for die more effectually repairing of

8Uch Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are Highways to be repaired by Two Parishes, was committed; reported. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Willson's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eatate Bill for vesting part of the settled Estate of William Willson, «mum . £gqUirej and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton, Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of Three thousand One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lanas and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clackmtn&n Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, and Perth- to whom the Bill for making and repairing certain BuT R°rtLd ®x>tu^s *n the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth, was re*K) committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord* have passed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Howard's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce. BilL dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard, Esquire, with die Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

Xin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to ch the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alsp,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Brocas'# allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled t-State by the Will of Bernard Brocas, Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Wll*.{'""jrd the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday fogivLuu." Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Howard's Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Divorce bill Howard, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady re*d-Elizabeth Belasyse, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing several Stirling Roads leading across the County of Stirling, was read Loads Bill the Third Time. P®8"*

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 39. To leave out from " same" to

" and, " in Pr. g. 1. 3.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Akely com and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, StockhoUfo. and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Akely cum Stockkolt, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Emanuel Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen Hospital of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital, in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for better regulating and governing Bill for rego-the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the lating Water-River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Watermen on Board Craft from being taken by certain Warrants, until the Craft shall be moored, or unless a sufficient Number of'

Persons are on Board to navigate the same.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ihen-

Sutton in Ashfield Inclosure Bill committed.

Sir Joseph Banks and Biscoe's Estate Bill committed.

Glasgow, Renfrew, and Parkhouse Roads Bill passed.

34 Geo. III. . 6° Mail 557

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 26. To leave out from " aforesaid" to

" And," in Pr. 16. 1. 27.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell or exchange other. Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " for repairing several Roads leading into the City " of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads " from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Ren-u frew Bridge, to the Three Mile , to the Town " of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the " Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk " and Renfrew," so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the

Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth " and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so " far as the same relate to the Roads from the City " of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, " to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, " and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of " Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and ,"

so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to the Three Mile House, in die County of;

Vol. 49.

and for more effectually making, repairing, widening and keeping in Repair the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. William McDowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mayes's Cha-to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, rity Billread. in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved Yearly. Rents, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of Pe-to confirm and establish an Award made between the terborough Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of 3^ Peterborough, and the Coheirs oi Wi Ash, Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Poston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in the County of Northampton (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine, the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and Copyhold from the Freehold Parts of / the same Estates, late of the said William Ash, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brasen Nose for establishing and confirming certain Articles of College and Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Brasen Bill com-Nose, in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden, of Bus- mitted. cot Park, in the County of Berks, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill for uni-for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with Nicholas and the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary Saint Mary, South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance of South Kelsey, either Benefice, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement "jj entered into between Christopher late Lord Bishop of Agreement' Bristol and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wor- Bill commald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the mitted. said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, in performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report from into further Consideration, the Report which was made Committee from the Committee, who were appointed to revise the OrdereVe^8 Standing Orders of this House, relative to Bilb for jative to Na-makiftg Canab, Aqueducts, and improving the Naviga- vigation Bills tion of Rivers, and to report their Opinion thereupon con* to the House. w

7 C And

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers*

Bill to amend Public Highway Act reported.

Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits in the County Palatine of Lancaster passed.

Althorpe Inclosure Bill reported.

558

6° Mali.

A. 1794.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by a Second Time. the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the ingrossed.

Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into lt One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being " for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publie Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes, " so far as the same relates to the Labour thereby required from certain Persons therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine' of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into th % Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclpsed Lands within the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same* to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

13

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the on Bi.11 for Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, States" certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of the At- vested in Hi» tainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descend- Majesty by ants of such Attainted Persons. Attainders.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ashley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ashley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for pre-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

tioDs deferred.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn Wolvey In-reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ^osu^ Bill dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, rep° Wolds, Heath, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table*:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- BUI to coning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tlDue» M<l House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last the shipping Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, of Slaves " for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of deferred Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British vessels from the Coast of " Africa."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill for prewhole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually n preserving'Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons ferred. resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Manners Bill deferred.

Bill to continue Laws respecting the Transportation, &c. of Offenders deferred.

Land Revenue re-committed Bill deferred.

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

Answer to Address on King's Message.

34 Geo. III.

6° — 7°

559

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the -Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places, of Confinement.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in foture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into*the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River O from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And One of the Counsel for the Petition of the Proprietors of Lands in Isleham, and other Lands, commonly called the South Level; and also, for the Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants of; and

also, for the Petition of the Gentry and other Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon; and also, for the Petition of the Gentlemen and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Milden-hall; and also, for the Petition of the Inhabitants, of the Town of Bedford, was, in Part, heard to observe upon the Evidence which had been adduced in support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, that the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7° die;

Anno 34° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1794. Prayers.

LO R D Viscount Stopfordreported to the House,

That their Address of Friday last (to.retnrn His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His Majesty's most Gracious Message, and for. having been pleased to communicate to us the Treaty which has been Von. 49.

signed at the Hague by the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty and the States General of The United Provinces, and the Plenipotentiary of the King of Prussia, and also foe Convention signed by the Plenipotentiary of His Majesty and the Plenipotentiary of The States General; and to assure His Majesty, that this House, anxious to afford His Majesty the most effectual Support in the vigorous Prosecution of the War, have resolved to make ample Provision towards enabling His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which His Majesty has entered into, as well as to defray such extraordinary Expences as may be incurred in the Course of the present Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Brereton's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name Bill r*-to enable Thomas Brereton, Esquire, and Mary his ^^, and Wife, and her first and other Sons, and their Issue paw*'" Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only One, and the Issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Westfaling, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfaling, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do' pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to ‘ the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Ashley, according to Order, reported from the Bill for grant-Comraittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ing certain to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain ^s^8^ted Estates vested in Him, by reason of the Attainders of ]^ty by At-the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such tainders reattainted Persons, was committed, the Amendments ported, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houses and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed BiH for dividing and inclosing the Wolvey In-Common and Open Fields, Wolas, Heath, Common, closure Bill and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the P8®*1-County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 20. To leave out from " Lands" to " called," in 1. 21.

1. 21. To leave out from " the " to " Temple," in 1. 22.

1.' 22. After " Temple " to insert " Lands."

Pr. 39. 1. 34. To leave out " Meadow Pieces" and insert " Glebe Lands " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, and

Waste

560 70 Mail A. 1794.

Waste Grounds within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Wellington Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, Inclosure Bill to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and reported. improving, the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields, in the Parish of , in

the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Freeholders within the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land, whose Property to be affected by the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 6. 8 j. id. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 19. 18$. 10 who declared themselves neuter; and also except certain Freeholders not rated to the Land Tax, whose Property is of the Annual Value of £.12; and that the Property to be affected by the Bill, which is assessed to the Land Tax, is rated at £. 95. 12 s. 4 f; and the Annual Value of such Property to be affected by the Bill, and which is not rated to the Land Tax, amounts to about £. 240.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tushingham An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, cum Grindley and inclosing, the Common and Waste Grounds, within Inclosure Bill Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rufforth Sir William Mordaunt Milner . reported from the Inclosure Bill Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-reported. closingj the several 'Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the _House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 5 Acres of Land in the Open Fields and Ings, and 2 Cottage Rights, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Open Fields and Ings, intended to be divided and inclosed, contains 550 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Whole Number of Cottage Rights is 40, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ‘and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do make the Report Shouldham from the Committee, to whom the 41ill for dividing, Inclosure Bill allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half rePorte"* Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Shouldham, and Shouldham Thmpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Mr. Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £. 40. 1 os. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed is assessed at 1,104;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had-gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his -Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then' a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee to whom Arnold's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -Estate Bill Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premisses situate in the p Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold, Esquire, deceased, and for laying

out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premisses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr.

34 Geo. III. 7° Mail. 561

Thuillier's Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Nat. Bill Order, a Bill for naturalizing John And the

presented. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vote of Cre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second dit Bill com- Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise nutted. Smn of Two Millions Five hundred thousand

Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Aberdeen Ordered, That the Report which was made from

Paving, &c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better pav- Bill deferred, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same.; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Cambridge ‘ An ingrossed Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers Paving, Uc. of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Bill passed. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the " Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing " Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the " Streets, Lanes, and other. Passages, within the said " Town," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of " Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the " Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said " Town."

Ordered, That the Earl of Euston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dover Har- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the bour Bill House, according' to Order, a Bill for better regu-

presented. lating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of

Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Act for better Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-PtfoUcgthe jesty» intituled, "An Act for better examining and

Accounts " auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom,"

ordered. might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report from The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-Committee joumed Consideration of the Report, which was made Orders rela- ^rom ^le Committee, who were appointed to revise the tivetoNavi- Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills for gation Bill*, making Canals, Aqueducts, and improving the Navi-Vol. 49.

gation of Rivers, and . to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " viz. once in the Month of July, once;" by leaving out the Word " Month" and inserting the Word " Months" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " once in the Month of," and after the Word " September" inserting the Words " or either of them ;" by leaving out. the ^Vords " once in the Month of " July, once;" by leaving out the Word " Month" and inserting the Word " Months" instead thereof:, by leaving out the Words " once in the Month of," and after the Word " September" inserting the Words " or either of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, when any Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, or any Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, for the Purpose of supplying any City, Town, or Place, with Water, or for varying or altering any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, or for making or improving the Navigation of 'any River, or for altering any Act of Parliament, passed for any or either of those Purposes (in which Bill for altering any such Act it is intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of such Canal) Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such Notice shall also be inserted in some One Newspaper of every County, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof, as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated (or, if there is not any Newspaper printed in or for such Counties, respectively, then in the Newspaper of some County near or adjoining the reto) Three Times at the least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such Notice shall also be given at the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be holden for every and each County, Riding, or Division, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, at the Michaelmas preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made, by affixing such Notice to the Door of the Session Houses, respectively, where such General Quarter Session shall be holden.

The Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a 'Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ninth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Printed Copy of the said " Bill," in order to insert the Words " Plan of such " intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation," instead thereof.

7 D And

Rochester

Writ

Bill for preserving

French

Property

deferred

Committee on re-committed Land Revenue Bill

562 r A fA. 1794.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Resolution; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} 2». } .0.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eleventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " and before the Report is " taken into Consideration."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, after such Bill is reported to the House, the Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed at the Expence of the Parties applying for the same, and be dilivered at the Door to the Members of the House, Three Days at least, before such Report shall be taken into Consideration.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee Jbeing severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the First of the said Resolutions be made a Standing Order of this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the First of the said Resolutions be made a Standing Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Residue of the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the several Resolutions now agreed to, and declared to be Standing Orders by the House, be printed; and that Copies thereof be sent to the ISheriffs of the several Counties of Great Britain, and also, to the Clerks of the Peace within England and Wales; and that the said Sheriffs do take Care that Copies of the same be published, and distributed within their respective Counties and Districts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the room of Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,. for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Manage-8

ment of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had* directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Act for better Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for better examining and audit- counts pre_

" ing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom And the sented. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Mariners Bill into further Consideration the Report from the Com- re-committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Billtocon-upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in t*6 A* the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds P " by Bankrupts," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

34 Geo. III. 7° — 8° 563

Common The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

deferred. Reading of the Bill for altering Two several Acts,

passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that part of Great Britain called so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Toils in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

duced in Support of the said Petitions, was further heard, and dosed his Observations thereupon.

And one of the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And then the Counsel for andi against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

x

Committee on Bill to continue Laws respecting the Trane-portation,&c. of Offenders.

Bill for stocking

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made' several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the manner of stock-r ing and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh,

©o^passed?" *n t^ie Parish of Almonsbury in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Counsel fur- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further ther heard on Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the E*u Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the

Lynn Drain- Great Level of the Fens called Level, and the

age Bill. Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of Kings Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wtggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And one of the Counsel for the Petition of the Proprietors of Lands in and other Lands commonly called the South Level; and also, for the Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants of Thetford; and also, for the Petition of the Gentry and other Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon; and also, for the Petition of the Gentlemen and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenhall; and also, for the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, who was Yesterday, in Part, heard to observe upon the Evidence which had been ad-Vol. 49.

Jovis, 8° die Mail;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren Has- Hastln6i-tings, Esquire, being come from the Trial inter Hall;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and ?he Lords , Mr. Leeds? th*ve a*reed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brighton for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, ""osure Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swansea Ca-for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the witl*

Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into m^." the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^s^ri,b*T* the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors; to which Insolvent the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And Deblors BUL also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lady Se-effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold bn8bE?.Es* Estates of Dame Harriot, the Wife of Sir John Saun- ** ders Sebright, Baronet, late Harriot Croftes, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriet Sebright; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir-John Ho* vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Hony-wood, Baronet, in Trustees to be sold or exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ‘I^J^nwiU House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Rwlycm the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday ;J£a]H"ting" next, at Twelve of the Clock, precisely in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Crawley and closing, divers Common Fields, Common Woods, BishopsSut-Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, jjUipiu^.W within the Manor and Parish of Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other

Commonable

Brocas s Estate Bill read.

Thornton and Bagworth Inclosure Bill reported.

Mr. Pochm to carry Wol-vey Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Shouldbam inclosure Bill passed.

Welland Drainage and Navigation Bill passed.

564

8°. Mail

A. 1794.

Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas, Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was' read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, 'to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 19. After " Lotts " to insert " and " Wash."

Pr. 25. 1. 21. After " of " to insert " the several Persons entitled to."

1. 22. To leave out " Persons entitled

Pr. 28. 1. 31.

to."

Pr. 47. 1. 31.

1- 37-

Pr. 61. 1. 5.

Pr. 6*. 1. 8.

Pr. 120. 1. 29.

To leave out " herein after named" and insert " herein directed to " be appointed" instead thereof.

To leave out " One hundred" and insert " Seventy-two" instead thereof.

To leave out " of the said Court " and Juries."

After " Commissioners " to insert " and Trustees respectively."

After " Commissioners" to insert " and Trustees respectively."

After " of" to insert " any Three " or more of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low G rounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut.

Ordered, That Mr. Anderson Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadow's, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham, and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham, and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place

A Petition of William Toplis, the Younger, of Click- Mr. Toplis s ney, in the County of Nottingham, Worsted Manufac- Petition turer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting again*tthe forth, That the Petitioner presented a Petition to the House, stating, that several Petitions of Woolcombers having been lately presented, praying the Interference of the House, to restrain the Use of Machines for combing Wool, the Petitioner entreated the Attention of the House to a Statement of his Interests as an Inventor of a Machine for combing Wool, and as a very great Consumer of combed Wool, and, after stating that he had obtained a Patent for the exclusive Use and vending of such Machine, and submitting to the House sundry Objections to the Principle and Policy of granting the Restrictions prayed by the Woolcombers, the Petitioner prayed, that, in Case the House should proceed to take the Petitions of the Woolcombers into Consideration, it would at the same Time also be pleased to take the Petitioner's Case into Consideration, and that (if Occasion should require) he might be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, at; the Bar of the House, and might be permitted to adduce Evidence in Support of the Allegations

contained

34 Geo. IIL

S° Man.

868

frequently advertised in the Provincial Newspapers for Woolcombers without being able to obtain an adequate Number for the Purposes of their Manufactories; that the Scarcity of Hands arises from the Combinations amongst the Woolcombers, whereby

contained in his said Petition; and to rthich he entreats the House to refer; and that the Petitioner observes; from the Votes, that a Bill has been received, and read a First and Second Time, and now stands referred to a Committee of the whole House, which purports to impose Penalties upon such Manufacturers they limit the Number of Apprentices, and which has as shall use Machines for combing Wool, with a become so universal as to set the Law at Defiance, as View to prohibit the Use of them, and the Petitioner the least Opposition thereto, on the Part of a Manu-begs Leave to repeat to the House the Impolicy of facturer, would be followed by every Woolcomber in passing such a Law, and the ruinous Consequences his Employ instantly quitting it; and thereby put-of which it will be productive, by restraining Im- ting a Stop to every other Branch of his Manufactory: provements in the Woollen Manufacture, and* en- That experiencing great Inconveniences from the id-nancing the Price of the Goods in the Proportion in adequate Number of Woolcombers, and from their which the Price of Manual Labour increases, whereas, irregular and improper Conduct, the Petitioner, after by the Use of Machinery, the additional Expence of great Labour and Study, invented a Machine for Manufacture, arising from the Increase of the Price > combing Wool, to be worked by Water, and for the of Manual Labour, might be so far meliorated as to exclusive Exercise and Vending whereof the Petitioner, ehable the Manufacturer to bring his Goods to Mar- on the 8th Day of June 1793 obtained His Majesty's ket without an Increase of Price: That Machiner Letters Patent, for a Term of Fourteen Years, and combing is superior to that by Manual Labour, it the Petitioner submits that the Right, vested in him being one continued even Flux of the Material, in- by His Majesty's Patent, is as much his private Pro-definite in its Length, whilst the other is in short perty as the Goods he manufactures, and yet, if the Lengths with irregular Ends, subject to both Loss above-mentioned Bill passes into a Law, the Peti-and Imperfection in uniting them for the Purpose of tioner will be totally deprived of the Benefit thereof, Spinning; and that, if the Principle upon which the and his spinning Mills, and other manufacturing Esta-present Bill is founded once receives the Sanction of blishments, in the Erection and Completion of which the Legislature, every Manufactory in the Kingdom he and his Partners have expended upwards of £. 50,000, will be exposed to Applications for imposing similar will become totally useless, and several Hundred Restraints, and there is no one Reason assigned in Sup- working Manufacturers, now employed by the Peti-

fort of the Bill that may not be urged, with equal tioner and his Partners, will lose their Employment, 'orce and Propriety, to restrain the Use of every as, from the Combinations among the Woolcombers, Species of Machine both in Agriculture and Manu- it would be impracticable for the Petitioner to en-

factures: That the good Policy of the Law, in leaving Manufactures to their natural Course, might be evinced by a Reference to the present State of every Manufactory in the Kingdom; the Cotton Manufactory, by the Invention of Carding and Spinning

gage a sufficient Number to carry on his Manufactory: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the House will take the Petitioner's Case, as stated in this and his said former Petition, into Consideration, and that the Pe-Cotton by Machinery, affords perhaps the most strik- titioner may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, at ing Instance of this Kind, as those Inventions at first the Bar of the House, and may be permitted to adduce threatened to deprive of their Maintenance a much Evidence in Support of the Allegations contained in more numerous Body of Artizans than the Wool- this and his former Petition.

combers, while, in the Progress, their Apprehensions Orde, That the said Petition do lie upon the not only proved unfounded, as they obtained Em- Table, until the Report be received from the Com-ployment in other Branches of the Manufacture, but mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the the Number of Persons employed therein, since those Purpose of protecting Woolcombers from being in-Inventions, has increased beyond all Computation, jured in their Manufacture by the Use of certain and the Manufactory has flourished to a Degree of Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool,

Excellence and Extent far exceeding all Example; is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, and that the Woollen Manufactures may, in all Pro- by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his bability from similar Causes, obtain a proportionate Petition, if he thinks fit.

Degree of Prosperity and Excellence if unchecked

by prohibitory Laws, and it appears to be an unequal Mr. Pochift reported from the Committee, to whom Baresby and

Line of Justice, that an Advantage should be granted the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the South Crox-

to the Carding of Cotton, and denied to the Combing Open Fields of Baresby and South Crouton, in the County of Wool, the latter, being for Ages the favourite of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and 1 rep°

Produce of the Kingdom, might have expected a other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and

special Indulgence, and yet the Cotton Manufactures Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands,

have derived their high Reputation and Extent from used or enjoyed therewith, was committed; That the

the very Circumstance which the present Bill medi- Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-

tates to withdraw from Wool: That the Growth of ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo-

Wool fit for combing is not limited, nor was there sure, had been complied with; and that the Com-

ever an Instance, in the Recollection of the oldest Ma- mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

nufacturer living, when any Quantities of it could found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

not be purchased which the Occasion of the Manu- cemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

facturers required; the Limitation of the Quantity, Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of

like every other similar Production, is governed by Half a Yard Land, who refused to consent to the

~ Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be

divided and inclosed consists of 82 Yard Lands or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

the Market and Consumption, and, in the Proportion in which the manufacturing of it is facilitated the Consumption and Price will increase, and the Advance of Price will, as in all similar Cases, operate as a Premium to increase the Growth of it; the Land

Owner, Grazier, Manufacturer, and every Consumer Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him of the Goods, when manufactured, have, therefore, to report to the House; and he read the Report in an Unity of Interests in promoting the Reduction of his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Manual Labour in the Manufacture of Wool: That Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Petitioner, and many other Manufacturers, have Amendments were Once read throughout; and then V©L. 49. 7 E a Second

566

8° Mail

A. 1794.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-CanaHJilf Stilled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-agreed to gable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 157.1. 12. After "any,"insert " Drains."

Pr. 158.1.16. Leave out " hereinbefore mentioned" and insert " of such " Lands or Grounds."

1. 24. Leave out " the" and insert " suchand in the same Line leave out from " Grounds" to " or" in 1. 25.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir John Ho- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EjW°° Bill ^ct ^or vest*n8 Part of Ae settled Estates of Sir John

Honywood, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newport An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Pagnel In- Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open " and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House CreditBLU res0^ve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Act for better Second Reading of the Bill to . explain and amend an pU<br D a Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's counts com- Reign, intituled, "An Act for better examining and iitted. 2

be

" auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Insolvent for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, was Debtor* Bill read the First Time. read‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report Bill to confront the Committee of the whole House, to whom tinue Act re-the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, inti- reported, tuled, " An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts," was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Com- . mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Bill to continue Laws respecting the Transportation, &c. of Otfendera reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn puiarton In7 reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for closure Bill dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, reported. Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pillar-ton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of One Half Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 51 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to- oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed trim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the

567

34 Geo. III.

8° — 9°

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for more An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually repairing

effectually re- Qf such parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are tain'part of to repaired by Two Parishes, was read the Third Highway* Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. l. 1. 3. After " repair," to insert " except in certain Cases."

Pr. 11. 1. 4.. After " Time," to insert " and " at all Times hereafter."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-

Veneris, 0° die Man;

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

ingly.

Kei

tesolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts Qf the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by Two Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Act for re- Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much

Contractors an ^ct' made *n the Twenty-second Year of the from being Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Members de- " for restraining any Person concerned in any Conferred> " tract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the " Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and " voting as a Member of the House of Commons," as restrains any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons, in Cases where such Contract, Commission, or Agreement, shall be taken by the lowest Offer, at a Public Bidding, after previous Notice given;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

-Proceedings on Common Carriers Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering Two several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Tolls at Weighing Engines, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to the Weight and Payment of Tolls in particular Cases, and to the respective Times of the Year during which certain Weights are allowed to be carried, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

5-

'Mr. Bastard,

.Mr. Hussey:

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn,

Mr. Buxton:

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 49.

PftAYERS.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Elmore.

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and lay- Brockworth, ing in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and otherU repo Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brochvorth, and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of -den, in the Parish of North Cemey, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 50 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of One Acre, who could not be met.with; and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 1,751 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, upton Gray to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands with- reported, in the Common Fields, in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with"; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Viscount Parker reported from the Commit- Southnewing-tee, tv whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ton inclosure Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- report#a' mon Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of South-newington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of

Oxford,

A. 1794.

568

ff Main

Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Orders, but that Notices were affixed on the Church Door Three Sundays in the Month of January last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 2 Yard Lands, who was too ill to be spoke with; and also, except the Proprietor of Half a Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 2 Yard Lands, and Lessee of 2 other Yard Lands under the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, who refused to sign the Bill, but the said Rector and Fellows have consented thereto; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 65 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Chester; and A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now con-

Ipswtch; fined in the Castle of Chester, at Chester: And

Debtors Pe- , *

titions. "S0*

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Debtors now

ander Confinement in the Gaol for the County of Suffolk, at Ipswich;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Clackmanan An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing certain and Perth- Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth, was jSSrJS. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ttoyal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the t° Bills. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of JValts, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of „

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon> and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland until the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited 1 by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands for a limited Time; for making more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent re-landing of Tobacco shipped for Exportation:

An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require:

An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions:

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise die Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry " Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture,

" of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

" from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in " Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according " to Law;" and also, so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said Act:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide for " the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending " and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws " relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called England;" and also, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " augmenting the Militia

An

34 Geo. III. 9° Man. 56$

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in cond, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present the Island of Newfoundland;and to revive and con- Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies

tinue so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as re- Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for lates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Cus- Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town toms, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies and Liberties thereof, in the County

in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Island of Newfoundland: Parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour

An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island: mentioned:

An Act for taking of special Bail in Actions and Suits An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Palatine of Lancaster: the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County " for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and of Stafford: " for regulating the Statute Labour within the same; "

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and for repairing several other Roads in the said watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Public Pas- Esk, near Finhaven:

sages and Places, which are and shall be made upon An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, certain Pieces of Ground, in the Parishes of Saint of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the High-Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Main- Brent Bridge, over Heath, through the Pa-

tenance and Education of exposed and deserted rishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Young Children, commonly called The Foundling Great Western Road in the said County, and for light-Hospital: ing, watching, and watering the Highway between Ty-

An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Em- burn and Kensington Gravel Pits: ploy men t of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, the County of Bedford: of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-

An Act to alter and amend an Act, of the Twenty- pairing the Road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the and Puntfeld, in the County of Berks, and several other Navigation of the River Trent, and for making and Roads in the said County:

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Ri- An Act to enable Mary Webster, Widow, and others, ver, in the Parish of Beeston, to join the Nottingham to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the Estates Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of devised to them by Edward Webster, Esquire, in the Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of said River: Surrey:

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Pow ers, An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and im-of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of proving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, for deepen- and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of " ing, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, Old Malton, in the North Ridffig of the County of " the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving York:

" the Quays and Piers, for erecting Docks, Breasts, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and " Jettees, and Piers, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pasand other Vessels, trading into, and going out of, tures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of " the said Harbour, and for other Purposes therein Burford, in the County of Oxford:

" mentioned An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to com- Lands, and other Lands, in the Parishes of Saint Mary plete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line South Kelsey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within* thereof, and to raise a further Sum of Money for those the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey, in the County Purposes, and for making a Navigable Branch therein of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common described from the intended new Line of the said and Sheep Walks in and over the same:

Canal: An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Canal from the Coventry Canal at or near Marston Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of within the Parish of Thomham, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de Norfolk:

la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for continu- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, ing the same from thence, in one Line, to the Lime Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Town-Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, and, in ship of in the Parish of in the

another Line, to the Lime Works at Cloudhill, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the from the said Canal: ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Se-Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called veralty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, The Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Com-Ely, and County of Cambridge, to join the River monable Lands and Grounds, within the several Tyth-Nene, in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of ings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop's Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for im- Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden, in the County proving and maintaining the Navigation of the of Wilts:

said River from Outwell Church to Salter's Load An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Sluice: Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, or Commons,

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the within the Township of Walkington, in the East Riding Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the County of York:

You 49. 7 F An

L

y

570 9" M A. 1794.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to enable Thomas , Esquire, and

Mary his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have Oqly One, and the Issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of pursuant to

the Will of Herbert Westfaling, Esquire, deceased.

Cast Plate An ingrossed Bill to dissolve the Corporation esta-Glasa Manu- Wished by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to ^assed' " incorporate certain Persons therein named, and " their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great , and for the more effectually supporting and conducting " the same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar " Manner calculated for the casting of large Plate * Glass," and to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory established under the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to dissolve the Corporation established by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of estaWishing one or more Glass Manufactories within " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more M effectually supporting and conducting the same, " upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass," and to provide for the Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation, and also to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of carrying on the Manufactory established under the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pillarton In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other passed. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allotment tq the Vicar.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within Lower Pillarton, otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Evelyn do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for grant- An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, in

ing certain Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of Estatesvefst- t^e Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the jestybyAt-1" Descendants of such attainted Persons, was read the tainders pass* Third Time.

ed. . Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons.

Ordered, Drat Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for King's Coo-embanking and otherwise fencing from the Sea the 8e?tt£41*sr* Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, Asaph,*&c. in the County of Denbigh, and Rhyd Marsh, in the Embankment several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint "jj| Drainage Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in Bill* the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill passed, be, An Act for embanking and otherwise fencing from the Sea the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is King's Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the sent to A l-Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Al- °*

thorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township; which Bill was upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to ad* the House this ' Day, adjourn till Monday Morning j^urn^to B€Xt«

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the P

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- nitentiary jesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the " Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, ° e 4 " and

34 Geo. III. 9° Mail

571

" and other Punishment, of certain Offenders," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual " Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and " to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain

Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein described: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vote of Mr. Hopkins, according to Order, reported from the

Cre<rtedlU Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

reps ' enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Order for going into Committee on Wool-combers Bill read.

Petition from the Committee of Worsted Manufacturers against D° Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Purpose of protecting Woolcombers from being injured in their Manufacture by the Use of certain Machines lately introduced for the combing of Wool, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

A Petition of the Committee of Worsted Manufacturers for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, in Committee assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Bill, if passed into a Law, will be prejudicial to the Trade of this Country, by abridging the Manufactory of Long or Combing Wool, and preventing the Extension thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker <lo now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ } 24-

Tellers for the Noes, Powys* Sj 6?.

So it passeddn the Negative.

Bill put off Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six for 6 Months. Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition for The House was moved, That the Petition of £he &c* Drain- Noblemen, and the humble . Petition of the

age Bill, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto Report subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, in-

thereon, terested in the Navigation of the Rivw Ouze, to and

again read. fyom the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also on Behalf of themselves, and others, Vo i.. 49.

Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Townships of Colne, Somersham, Warboys, Wistow, Berry, Ramsey with Higney, Pidley and Fenton, Bluntisham and Earith, Saint Ives, Houghton and Witton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Ravely, with Great Ravely, Standground, Farcett, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, Glatton, Holme, Saw-

trey All Saints, Sawtrey Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Watemewton, Stibbington with Sibson, Woodstone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon \Isleham, Fordham, Swaffham Prior with Reach,

Swaffham Bulbeck, BurWell with Reach, Wickin, Soham,

Barway, Bottisham, Qui, Dit Horningsey, Water-

beach, Landbeach, Cottenham, Willingham,

Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge; Brandon, Wangford, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk; Wiggenhall Saint Mary, Wtggen-hall Saint German, Wiggenhall Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Ter-

rington Saint Clement, Terrington Saint John, Walpole Saint Peter, Walpole Saint Andrew, West Walton, Walsoken, Emneth, Tilney All Saints, Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn

Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay, Watlington,

Runcton Holme, Thorpland, Stow BardofoWimbotsham,

Downham Market, Roxham, Denver, Fordham, Hilgay, Southery, Feltwell Saint Mary, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold, Wilton, Methwold, Northwold, Oxburgh, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, Out-well, Upwell, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely

Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Chat-tisham, Littleport, Stretham, Thetford, Downham, Co-

veney, Witchford, Witcham, Wingford or Wentworth, Wilburton, Haddenham, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with Wimblington, Benwick, Chatteris, Whittle-sea Saint Mary, Whittlesea Saint Andrew, and Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining, or lying near to, the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or One of them (which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of February last); and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, in Case it shall be thought expedient by the Petitioners to renew their Application to this House in the next Session of Parliament, for the specific Purposes stated in their said Petition, and no other, this House will deem General Notices of such intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the' 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to the Parishes, Townships, or Places, concerned; and that the Maps or Plans, with the Books of Reference, which have been delivered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of June 1792) shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps and Books.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That all Persons concerned in Interest who have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the Bill now depending in this House, shall be considered as consenting to such Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petition for the Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, and no other, unless they shall personally attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Dissent, or shall give Certificates of their Dissent, to be proved by One or more Witnesses before such Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Certificates," the Words " in Writing, or other Evidence."

And

Resolution* respecting a future Application for Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

572 9° Ma . 1794.

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " by One or " more Witnesses before" and inserting the Words to the Satisfaction of" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " by " One or more Witnesses before" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " to " the Satisfaction of" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That all Persons concerned in Interest who have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the Bill now depending in this House, shall be considered as consenting to such Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, and no other, unless they shall personally attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Dissent, or shall give Certificates in Writing, or other Evidence of their Dissent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

Aberdeen Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking IniNiSr *n,° fijrther Consideration the Report which was made e ' from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be now read'.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bill to con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tinue, and so resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for regulating upon *h© Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the shipping6 and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of of Slaves Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a deferred. " limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the

wa^Act'gk" Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, passed.0 intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in " being for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Labour thereby required from certain Persons therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Sa do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from Bill for pre. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Pro-

Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, report.

in the Hands of His. Majesty's Subjects, belonging ed, and re-to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for committed, the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BUI;

Resolved, That the said BUI be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said BUI be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiU, immediately, reeolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. l. I.37. After "War" insert "to be notified in Manner herein after " mentioned."

Pr. 2. 1. 3. Leave out " hereafter."

1. 1:4 Leave out " Three" and insert " Six."

1. 13.

34. Geo. III. 9° Mali.

573

1. 13. After " War" insert "to be notified in Manner herein after " mentioned."

11 23. After " Subjects" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That

" from and after the Expiration " of Six Months from the Conelusion of the present War, to

" be notified in Manner herein-

" after mentioned, no Ship or " Vessel, which is or shall be registered, or which by Law is or " shall be required to be registered, as a British Ship or Vessel, in any of the Ports of Great Clause (C).

" Britain, Guernsey, or the Isle of Man, or of any of the " Colonies, Plantations, Islands,

" or Territories, belonging, or " which may hereafter belong,

" to His Majesty, His Heirs and " Successors, shall be navigated " but by a Master and Three " Fourths at least of the Mari>

" ners British Subjects, except as " is herein after provided."

1. 27. After " or" insert " of"

Pr. 3. 1. 6. Leave out " Three " and insert

" Six."

1. 7- After "War" insert "to be no-

" tified' in Manner herein after " mentioned."

1. 11. After " or " insert " of "

1. 20. After " Kingdom" insert " or of " the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

" Alderney, Sark, or Man."

1. 32. After " Hands " insert " for which " no Fee shall be taken."

1. 34. After " Br" insert " or of the " Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

" Alderney, Sark, or Man"

Pr. 4. 1. 13. Leave out from " Voyage" to the

End of Line i5, ana insert " and " in such Case the Master, or ' " other Person having the Charge " or Command of such Ship or " Vessel, shall specify the same " in his Report"

1. 19. Leave out " Navigation" and insert " navigating."

1. 25. Leave out " immediately."

1. 26. After " Act" insert Clauses (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) (G) and (H.)

Clause (B). " And to prevent all Doubts respecting the various Terms " made use of in the several " Laws of Navigation, with respect to who are to be deemed " and taken to be qualified to " be Masters of British Ships, or " to be British Sailors, Seamen,

" or Mariners, Be it Declared " and Enacted, That no Person " shall from henceforth be " deemed and taken to be qualifted to be the Master of a " British Ship, or to be a British " Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner,

" within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any other " Act now in Force, except the " natural-born Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or Persons naturalized " by or by virtue of any Act of '

Vol.49.

" Parliament, or made Denizens Amendments " by Letters of Denization, or to Mariner*

" except Persons who have become His Majesty's Subjects " by virtue of Conquest or Cession of some newly acquired " Country, and who shall have " taken the Oath of Allegiance " to his Majesty, or the Oath of " Fidelity required by the Treaty " or Capitulation by which such " newly acquired Country came " into His Majesty's Possession,

" except as is herein after provided."

" And whereas it is expedient that " Foreigners who have served, or " shall serve faithfully on Board " His Majesty's Ships of War in the present or any future War,

" for the Time and in the " Manner herein after mentioned,

" should be declared to be British Sailors, Seamen, or Ma-

" riners, within the Intent and " Meaning of the Laws of Navigation, under certain Regulations; Be it further Enacted,

" That every Foreign Sailor,

" Seaman or Mariner, who shall " have served, or who shall serve " on Board any of His Majesty's " Ships or Vessels of War, in " Time of War, for and during " the Space of Three Years, either in one and the same Ship " or Vessel, or in different Ships " or Vessels, and who shall have " obtained a Certificate or Certificates from the Captain or " Commander, Captains or Commanders, of such Ships or Vessels on Board of which he shall " have so served, or in case of the " Deathof such Captain or Commander, then upon the Certificate of the Officer then living " who shall have been next in " Rank to such Captain or Commander, testifying that he has " so served, and testifying his " faithful Service and good Behaviour during the Time of " such Service, and who shall " also h&ve taken the Oath of " Allegiance to His Majesty before some Justice of the Peace,

" or Principal Magistrate of some " City or Town in His Majesty's " Dominions, of before the Principal Officer of His Majesty's " Customs in any Port of His Majesty's Dominions, which " Oath they are respectively hereby authorized to administer,

" and who shall obtain a Certificate from such Justice of the " Peace, Principal Magistrate, or " Chief Officer, of his having " taken such Oath, which Certificate they are hereby authorized and required to give,

" upon the Payment of no greater " Fee than that of One Shilling,

" shall, from and after the Conelusion of the present War, be 7 G " entitled

574

9°

u entitled to be employed as a Master of a British Ship or " Vessel, or as a British Sailor, " Seaman, or Mariner, on Board " any British Ship or Vessel, " within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the Laws nowin Force: Provided always, " that no such Foreigner shall be " entitled to become the Master " of any British Ship or Vessel, " or to be employed as a British " Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, " unless he shall have delivered " the before-mentioned Certificate or Certificates of the Time " he shall have served, and of his " faithful Service and good Behaviour, and the before-mentioned Certificate of his so " having taken the Oath of Allegiance to the Collector, or " other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of " London, or in the Ports of " Chatham, Portsmouth, or " mouth,'to be filed by such Collector, or other Chief Officer " of the Customs, who are hereby " required to deliver to such Foreign Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, an attested Copy thereof, " upon paying the Fee of One " Shilling, ana no more.

Clause (D.) " Provided always, and be it Enacted, That no Person who is " or shall become qualified to " be the Master of a British Ship " or Vessel, or to be a British " Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, by " Birth, Naturalization, Denization, Conquest, or Service, in " Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and who has taken or " shall take any Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign Sovereign of State whatsoever, for " any Purpose whatsoever, except under the Terms of some " Capitulation upon the Conquest of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, His " Heirs or Successors, by any " Enemy or Enemies, and for " the Purpose of obtaining the " Benefit of such Capitulation " only, shall be deemed and taken " to be qualified to be the Master of a British Ship or Vessel, " or a British Sailor, Seaman, or " Mariner, within the Intent and " Meaning of any of the Laws of " Navigation, unless such Person " shall n ave taken such Oath of " Allegiance before he became " so qualified; and any Person " who shall, after having become " disqualified by taking such " Oath of Allegiance as aforesaid, take the Charge or Command of any British Ship or " Vessel as Master or Command* " er thereof, shall, for every such w Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum " of One hundred Pounds; and " every Person who shall, after

it

it

a

tt

tt

a

tt

tt

a

a

a

a

tt

tt

tt

a

tt

u

tt

ft

tt

u

ii

ii

ii

u

ic

a

it

a

tt

a

a

a

tt

a

a

a

a

a

it

tt

a

tt

it

a

a

tt

a

a

a

u

u

a

a

a

u

tt

tt

a

u

ii

it

ki

it

it

tt

a

a

tt

it

a

u

a

A. 1794.

having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, on Board any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered upon Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in Great Britain, and before any Member of the Su-

Jreme Court of Justice, or any ustice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory, to His Majesty belonging, in America: Provided also, that no Ship or Vessel, on Board whereof any Person who is so disqualified shall be employed as Master or Commander, shall be forfeited by Reason thereof, if the Owneror Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall shew that such Disqualification of such Master or Commander was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and that such disqualification of such Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his Agent or Agents, and to the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of engaging such Person so disqualified to serve on Board such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that in the Navigation on the Seas of America and the West Indies, from any Port of America and the West Indies to any Port of America and the West Indies, any Negroes belonging to any Person or Persons, being or having become His Majesty's Subjects in Manner aforesaid, and with the Qualifications aforesaid, and in the Seas to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, and frota any Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope to any other Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, Lascars, and other Natives of any of the Countries to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, may be employed as British Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners, in Manner heretofore practised: Provided nevertheless, that no Negro belonging to- any Person who has become a Subject of His Majesty ih Manner before described, in any of the Islands or Colonies late under the Dominion' of His Most Christian Majesty, shall be entitled to be employed in Manner before " mentioned

34 Geo. Ill

Clause (E).

Clause (F).

Vol. 49.

9b.

" mentioned as a British Sailor,

" Seaman, or Mariner, unless all " the Conditions required by an " Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting to Foreign " Ships put under His Majesty's " Protection the Privileges of Clause (G).

" Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for " allowing Aliens in Foreign " Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Fac- tors, and for repealing an Act,

" passed in the Twelfth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty,

" intituled, ‘An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars,

" of the Growth, Produce, or " Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in " America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts,

" in Ships built in Great Britain,

" and navigated according to " Lawand also so much of an " Act, passed in the Fifteenth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said " Act, shall have been complied " with, so long as the said Act " shall continue in Force."

Provided always, and be it Enacted, That nothing in this " Act contained shall extend to " take away or restrain the Effect " of any such Proclamation as " His Majesty, His Heirs or " Successors, are empowered to " make, by virtue of an Act,

" passed in the Thirteenth Year " of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Supply of Mariners and Sea- Clause (H). " men to serve in His Majesty's " Ships of War, and on Board " Merchant Ships, and other " Trading Ships, and Privateers."

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That if " any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, shall be " imported or brought, exported,

" or carried Coastwise, contrary " to the Provisions of this Act,

" or any of them, all such Goods,

" Wares and Merchandize, and " also the Ship or Vessel in which " the same shall be so imported " or brought, exported, or carried Coastwise, with all her " Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

" Tackle, and Apparel, shall be " forfeited; and also, if any Ship

" or Vessel shall sail in Ballast, or " shall sail to be employed in " Fishing on the Coast, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, or " being required to be manned " and navigated with a Master " and a certain Proportion of " British Mariners, in Manner " hereinbefore directed, shall not " manned and navigated ac-

575

"corcfing to the Provisions of Amendments " this Act, such Ship or Vessel, to Mariners " with all her Guns, Furniture, BiUAmmunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize on Board the " same, shall be forfeited."

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That all " and every the Goods, Wares,

" or Merchandize, and all Ships " or Vessels forfeited by this " Act, may and shall be seized " by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any " Commissioned, Warrant, or " Petty Officer, specially appointed by him, or them, or by " any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs; and that " every Forfeiture incurred by " this Act, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided " for by this Act, may and shall " respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in such " Courts, and by such and the " like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and " applied in such and the like " Manner, and to such and the " like Uses and Purposes, as any " Forfeiture incurred by any " Law respecting the Revenue " of Customs may now be sued " for, prosecuted, or recovered,

" disposed of, and applied, either " in this Kingdom, or in any of " His Majesty's Dominions in " North America or the Indies respectively, as the Case " may happen to be."

" Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That, in case any " British Ship or Vessel shall be " found at Sea, having on Board " a greater Number of Foreign " Mariners than is allowed by " this Act, or any Law now in " Force, or hereafter to be made,

" and the Master of such Ship or " Vessel shall produce a Certificate of the actual Necessity of " engaging such Foreign Mariners in some Foreign Port,

" by Occasion of the Sickness,

" Death, or Desertion of the like " Number of British Mariners,

" or of the same having been " taken Prisoners during his " Voyage, and that British Mariners could not be engaged at " such Foreign Port to supply their Room, and that, for " the safe Navigation of such " Ship or Vessel, it became necessary to engage and employ " such Foreign Mariners, under " the Hand of His Majesty's " Consul at the Foreign Port " where the said Foreign Mariners were so engaged, or, if " there is not any such Consul,

" there

576

9° Man.

" there, under the Hands of Two " known British Merchants at " such Foreign Port, it shall not " be lawful for any of the Per- . Clause (K). " sons authorized by this Act " to make Seizures of Ships or " Vessels navigated contrary to " the Directions of this Act, to " stop or detain any such Ship " or Vessel so found at Sea, or *' to hinder her from proceeding on her Voyage; but such " Persons shall and are hereby " required to indorse the Certificate so produced, testifying " the Production thereof, ana " when and where met with at " Sea, and that the Number of " Foreign Mariners correspond " with the Certificate of such ' British Consul, or such known " British Merchants, for the Consideration and Investigation of " the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Engla and " Scotland respectively."

1. 33. After' " Gazette" insert Clauses (I)

(K) (L) (M) and (N).

Clause (I). " And Whereas, by an Act, passed

" in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for the further Increase " and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," it is,

" amongst other Things, Enacted, That when and so often " as the Property in any Ship " or Vessel belonging to any " of His Majesty's Subjects shall " be transferred to any other or " others of His Majesty's Subjects, in Whole or in Part, the " Certificate of the Registry of " such Ship or Vessel shall be " truly and accurately recited in " Words at Length in the Bill,

" or other Instrument of Sale " thereof, and that otherwise " such Bill of Sale shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And " whereas Doubts have arisen, u whether by the said Provision " every Transfer of Property in " any Ship or Vessel is required " to be made by some Bill or " other Instrument in Writing,

" and whether Contracts or " Agreements for the Transfer " of such Property may not be " made without any Instrument " in Writing; Be it Enacted,

" That no Transfer, Contract,

" or Agreement for Transfer of " Property in any Ship or Vessel,

" made, or intended to be made,

" after the First Day of January " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five, shall be valid.

" or effectual for any Purpose " whatsoever, either in Law or in . " Equity, unless such Transfer, or

" Contract or Agreement for " Transfer, of Property in such " Ship or Vessel, shall be made " b, Bill of Sale, or Instrument

A. 1794.

" in Writing, containing such " Recital as prescribed by the " said recited Act."

" And whereas, by the Laws now in " Force, upon any Alteration of " Property in any Ship or Vessel " in the same Port to which such " Ship or Vessel belongs, an Jndorsement upon the Certificate " of Registry is required to be " made; be it Enacted, That such " Indorsement shall, from and " after the First Day of January " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five, be made in the Manner and Form herein after expressed, and shall be " signed by the Person or Persons transferring the Property " of the said Ship or Vessel, by " Sale, or Contract or Agreement " for Sale thereof, or by some Person legally authorized for " that Purpose by him, her or " them, and a Copy of such Indorsement shall be delivered to " the Person or Persons authorized to make Registry, and " grant Certificates of Registry,

" otherwise such Sale, or Contract or Agreement for the Sale " thereof, snail be utterly null " and void, to all Intents and " Purposes whatsoever; and such " Person or Persons so authorized " to make Registry, and grant " Certificates of Registry, are " hereby required to cause an " Entry thereof to be indorsed on " the Oath or Affidavit upon " which the Original Certificate of " Registry of such Ship or Vessel " was obtained, and shall also " make a Memorandum of the " same in the Book of Registry,

" and shall forthwith give Notice " thereof to the Commissioners " of His Majesty's Customs in " England and Scotland, under " whom they respectively act.

" Form of Indorsement, on " Change of Property.

" Be it remembered That " [I, or we] [Names Residence,

" and Occupation, of the Persons selling] have this Day " sold and transferred all [my, " or our] Right, Share, or Interest, in and to the Ship or " Vessel [Name of the Ship or " Vessel] mentioned in the " within Certificate of Registry unto [Names, Residence,. " and Occupation,

" chasers]. Witness [my, or " our, Hand, or Hands] this " [Date in Words at full " Length.]

41 Signed in the Presence of " [Two Witnesses.]

1 Provided always, That if any ‘ Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea, ‘ or absent from the Port to ‘‘ which she belongs, at the time

" when

34 Geo. Ill

Clause (L).

Vol. 49.

9° Mail,

" when such Alteration in the " Property thereof shall be made " as aforesaid, so that an Indorsement or Certificate cannot be " immediately made, the Sale, or " Contract or Agreement for the "Sale thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a Bill of " Sale, or other Instrument in " Writing, as before directed,

" and a Copy of such Bill of " Sale, or other Instrument in " Writing, shall be delivered,

" and an Entry thereof shall be " indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, and a Memorandum " thereof shall be made in the " Book of Registers, and Notice " of the same shall be given to the " Commissioners of the Customs,

" in the Manner hereinbefore directed; and within Ten Days Clause (M). " after such Ship or Vessel shall " return to the Port to which " she belongs, an Indorsement " shall be made, and signed by " the Owner or Owners, or " some Person legally authorized " for that Purpose by him, her,

" or them, and a Copy thereof " shall be delivered in Manner " hereinbefore mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale " thereof, shall be utterly null " and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry " thereof shall be indorsed, ana " a Memorandum thereof made,

" in the Manner hereinbefore " directed."

" Provided also, and be it Enacted,

" That in all Cases where the " Owner or Owners of any Ship " or Vessel shall reside in any " Country not under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs " and Successors, as Member or " Members of some British Factory, or Agent or Agents for,

" or Partner or Partners in, any " House or Copartnership actually carryingon Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, at the Time " when he, she, or they shall " transfer such Property in any " Ship or Vessel, so that an Indorsement cannot be made immediately, nor a Copy of such " Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, be delivered,

" nor an Entry thereof indorsed " on the Oath or Affidavit, nor " a Memorandum thereof made " in the Book of Registers, nor " Notice of the same given to the " Commissioners of the Customs in the Manner before mentioned, the same may be done " at any Time within Six Months " after such Transfer shall have " been made; and that within " Ten Days after such Owner or " Owners, or some Person legally " authorized for that Purpose by " him, her, or them, shall arrive

577

" in this Kingdom, if such Shipor Amendment# " Vessel shall then be in any Port to Mariner#

" of this Kingdom, and if not,

" then within Ten Days after such " Ship or Vessel shall so arrive,

" an Indorsement shall be made " by the Owner or Owners, or " some Person legally authorized " for that Purpose by him, her,

" or them, and a Copy thereof " shall be delivered in Manner " hereinbefore mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale " thereof, shall be utterly null " and void to all Intents and " Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be indorsed,

" and a Memorandum thereof " made, in the Manner hereinbefore directed."

" And whereas, by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and " for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs," certain Provisions were,

" amongst other Things, made,

" to prevent the Masters of Ships " or Vessels from wilfully and " maliciously detaining and refusing to deliver up the Certificates of Ships Registry, to " the Prejudice of the Owners of " such Ships or Vessels: And " whereas the good Purposes intended by those Provisions " have not been effected, and it " is therefore expedient to make " further Provisions for preventing the Masters of Ships or.

" Vessels from withholding Certificates of Registry, to the Prejudice of the Owners of such " Ships or Vessels; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That in case the " Master of any Ship or Vessel,

" who shall have received the " Certificate of the Registry " thereof (whether such Master " shall be a Part Owner or not)

" shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up the same " to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry and " grant a Certificate thereof, on " die Owner or Owners, or the " major Part of the Owners of " such Ship or Vessel, if such " Master has not any Property "therein, or on the other Owner " or Owners, or the major Part " of the other Owners of such " Ship or Vessel, if such Master " hath any Share or Property " therein, requiring him so to " do, it may and shall be lawful " to and for the Owner or " Owners, or the major Part of " the Owners of such Ship or " Vessel, the Certificate or Registry of which shall be detained 7 H " and

578

9° Mail A. 1794

Clause (N).

Pr. 5. 1. 38.

Pr. 6. 1. 9.

Pr. 7. 1. 40. Pr. 8. 1. 36.

Pr. 9. 1. 1. 1. 23.

" and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint, on Oath, against the M Master of the Ship or Vessel " who shall so detain and refuse " to deliver up the same, of such " Detainer and Refusal, to any " Justice of the Peace residing " near to the Place where such " Detainer and Refusal shall be, V in Great B, or to any " Member of the Supreme Court " of Justice, or any Justice of the u Peace, in the Islands of Jersey, " Guernsey, or Man, or in any

" Colony, Plantation, Island, or " Territory, to His Majesty belonging in America, and on " such Complaint the said Justice shall, and is hereby required, by Warrant under his " Hand and Seal, to cause such " Master to be brought before " him to be examined touching " such Detainer and Refusal, ana " if it shall appear to the said " Justice, or other Magistrate,

" on Examination of the Master,

" or otherwise, that the said " Certificate of Registry is not " lost or mislaid, but is wilfully " detained by the said Master,

" such Master shall be thereof " convicted, and shall forfeit and " pay the Sum of One hundred " Pounds; and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol,

" there to remain, without Bail or " Mainprize, for such Time as the " said Justice, or other Magistrate, shall, in his Discretion,

" deem proper, not being less " than Six Months, nor more " than Twelve Months."

" And be it further Enacted, That " the said Justice, or other Magistrate, shall and he is hereby " required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal, and " Conviction, to the Person or " Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry for such " Ship or Vessel, who shall, on " the Terms and Conditions of " Law being complied with,

" make Registry of such Ship or " Vessel, de novo, and grant a " Certificate thereof, conformably to Law, notifying, on the Back of such Certificate, the Ground upon which the Ship " or Vessel was so registered de " novo."

After " required " insert " to be " produced."

Leave out " in case " and insert " if."

After " Vessels" insert " de novo."

After " and " insert " such Ship " or Vessel."

After " Dominions " insert " where " she may be so registered de " novo."

After " Dominions" insert " where

" she may be so registered de " novo."

Leave out " in which " and insert " where."

Leave out " should " and insert " shall."

After " Vessels" insert " shall, in " every such Case."

After " Property " insert " if such " Ship or Vessel shall not be " on a Voyage to the East of the " Cape of Good Hope, or to the " West of Cape Horn."

After " respectively " insert " upon " special Representation of the " Circumstances of the Case." Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Pr. 10. 1. 5.

1. 38. Pr. 11. L 6. 1. 20.

1. 27.

A Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Bristol Bury-1Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, ing Ground, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Here- com*

ditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Sheffield, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Sebright'# Estates of Dame Harriot, the Wife of Sir John Saunders Bill

Sebright, Baronet, late Harriot Croftes, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St John's to enable Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, and, after Estate Bill his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate, committed, in the Parish of Saint John, Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, Bill to repeal made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James Act respect-the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners,

" Curriers, Shoe-makers, and other Artificers, occu- Hides and°

" pying the Cutting of Leather," as relates to the Skins pasted. Tanning and Sale of Hides and Skins; and for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of certain Letters Patent granted to Samuel Ashton, of Sheffield, Painter, for tanning Hides and Skins according to a Method invented by him, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 28. To leave out " him or them " and insert " the said Samuel Ashton,

" his

Debate on Motion for reading Tib-bington Church Bill the Third Time adjourned.

Bottesford and Yaddle-thorpe Inclo-aure Bill parsed.

Bid for better ecu ring Batteries, &c. in Kent ordered*

54 Geo. III.

9d MaiL

579

" his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the " lenn of the said Letters " Patent, or any Person whomsoever after the Expiration " of the said Term" instead thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto, be now read the Third Time;

And a Debate arisingin the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ana Common Fields, Meadow'S, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Bottesford, and Hamlet of in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Bottesford, and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report New Slea-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing jordand and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, i^cli^ure Bill Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of reported. New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham, within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington, in the said County, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

' Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's Estimate of

Command, STiST*

Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the for Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in The East indies pre-Indies, from 1st January to 31st December 1794, both sented. included, 365 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in The East Indies, from 1st January to 31st December 1794, both included, 365 Days; viz.

Men. Amount.

Pay of a. Lieutenant Colonel, a Major, an Adjutant, a Quarter Master, £ <* d.

a Surgeon, and a Surgeon's Mate 6 958 2 6

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Artillery, consisting of 120 Men each, Officers included - -- -- - 240 5,748 15 —

246 £.6,706 17 6

Office of Ordnance,

9th May 1794. John Sargent.

J. Aldridge. Tho. Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works in the Vo L. 49.

County of Kent: And that Mr. Sargent, Mr. Aldridge, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Poor Re-into further Consideration the Report which was made moval B,.u from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing ^ommU'

the

580

9' — 12° Mail A. 1794.

the Removal of Poor Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement, until they are actually chargeable, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill as far as Clause (A) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Bill to con- An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, qreting1 ma(^e *D Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

Bankrupts jesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing

pass«d. " of Frauds by Bankrupts," was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further Pre-In^lectkms^ vend°n of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve deferred. *n Parliament, be read the Third Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the said Motion.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 8. After " Acres " to insert " and " it shall be lawful for all Bodies " Politic and Corporate, and all " incapacitated Persons whatsoever, to contract and agree " with the said Trustees for " the Sale of such Land, and to " convey the same, in Manner, " and under the Regulations " herein after mentioned, with " respect to Land to be bought " for enlarging the present " Church Yard."

Pr. 30. 1. 1 After " that " to insert " if it " shall be determined, in pursuance of the Power hereinbefore given to build the said " new Church on the Scite of " the present Church, or within " the present Church Yard."

1. 22. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in 1. 28.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Bill for bet- Mr. Sargent presented to the House, according to severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

ter securing Order, a Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Te- and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-

in'Kent^re- nements> and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better ingly.

ented. securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide the County of Kent: And the same was received; and be, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish read the First Time. Church of otherwise Tibbington, in the County

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Ground belonging thereto,

upon Monday Morning next. Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to con- An ingrossed Bill to continue so much of several tinue Laws Laws> respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment TWporta^ Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to tion, &c. of temporary Places of Confinement, was read the Third Offenders Time.

I*88®*1- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -

be, An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 12° die Mail;

Anno 34® Georgii III,a Regis, 1794.

Committee on Bill to amend Act for better auditing the Public Accounts.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for better examining and " auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Debate on The Order made this Day, for resuming the ad-Motion for journed Debate on the Motion, That the ingrossed Bill reading Tib- for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of bington Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford,

the Third* and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground be-

Time resum- longing thereto, be now read the Third Time, after the

ed. y

Prayers.

JOHN THUILLIER took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for saving to His Majesty the Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotlattd; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills; without any Amendment; And also,

The

Tibbington Church Bill passed.

Thuillier 8 worn.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for saving the Duty on Tobacco imported into Scotland.

Bill for extending Time for delivering in Navy, &c. Bilk.

34 Geo. III.

12° M

581

Compton

Beauchamp

Inclosure Bill

Tolpudle

Bill to confirm the Inclosure of Sodbury Common Fields.

EUoughton

Inclosure Bill.

Lamport and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hanging Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-. Inclosure Bill. m0Q Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houg, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure Bill. Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Tolpudle, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of EUoughton, Brough, and Waldby, in the Parish of EUoughton, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Feliskirk and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sutton Intlo- Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors ure Bill. and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under in the Parish of

Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Houghton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure Bill. Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also, Wolver- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

hampton and Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and RoadM Bill^ keeping *n Repair, the Road from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said. County; without any Amendment: And also, .

Leeds, Brad- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ford, and Hor- Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-ton, &c. larging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament Roads Bill. therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to and also the Roads

called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of to the several Places therein mentioned, being the First District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads, and also for making and keeping in Repair, a Road from Simmond1 s Fora Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beckford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Gotheringtm to the Turnpike Road leading from You 4,9.

Tewkesbury Roads Bill.

Cheltenham, to Stow on the Wold, at, or near, Sireford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester,. and from Stump Cross, in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bromsgrove Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain and Dudley Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Roads Bill-Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rawreth and Act for repairing ana widening the Road from a Chelmsford Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, Road Bl11-over Battle's Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Par- the Oxford liament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Navi-Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City gation Acts‘ of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Abergavenny Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Paving, &c. Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Bill-Monmouth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, B^g®w^r An Act for building a new Bridge over the River BUI, with an Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the Amendment. County of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending, the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, ,rhe

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act have passed for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Sir A Stir-Scotland, to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony ling's Estate of Renton, in the County of Berwick, formerly belong- Bill, ing to Sir A lexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling, of Glorat, Baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off. the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bishop of for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord clclJ?.elL a!Jd Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry and Sir Richard Hill, Hill'sEx-Baronet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence change Bill, of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Pease'sEstate to enable Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, and Anne his Bill.

Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bishop of

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lichfield and Act for effectuating an Exchange between Sir Richard

7 I Ford Hill'* Exchange Bill

read.

iL

Fease'sEstate Bill read.

Sir A. Stirling's Estate Bill read.

Rufiortli Inclosure Bill passed.

Elmore, Brockworth, &c. Inclosure Bill passed.

Brocas's Estate Bill committed.

582

12° Mail A. 1794.

Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry and Sir Richard HUl, Baronet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Robinson , Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton, in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling, of Glorat, Baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth, and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth, and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in (he Parish of North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas, Esquire, and for applying and laying Out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoota, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, And in- Upton Gray dosing the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Inclosure Bill Lands within the Common Fields, in the Parish of pawed. Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Common Fields, in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An sir John Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywods Honywood, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or ex- Estate Bill changed, and for applying Part of the Money arising committed* by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be committed to Mr. Gipps,

Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. /

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Ilkeston in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and rePorted* Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of die Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 78 Acres of Land entided to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property having such Right of Common consists of 2,04.5 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through die Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where die Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally prtt thereupon, were agreed to by the Housse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Wellington and improving the Commons, Common Meadows, Inclosure Bill and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in P888*1-the County of Hereford', and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford; and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir George Comewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, to Fleet Inclo-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, 8urei"\' the Common Droves and Waste Lands, in the Parish npo of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln; and for altering

an

34 Geo. III. 12° Mail.

583

an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spotting, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton,

Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise all in South Hol-

land, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmdhts, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

New Sleaford An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Quar- Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and nngton In- Waste Lands, in die Parish of New Sleaford, in the

pawed* County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Nottingham,

within the said Parish, and in the Parish of in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that die Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Ingilby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Althorpe An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure BUI Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in *>assed'. the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

Ordered, That Sir John Ingilby do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Warwick A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty's Gaol for Debtor# the County of Warwick, was presented to the House,

Petition. and rea(j . Complaining of their Distress, and praying

Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sutton Che- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom ney Inclosure the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Coin- Bill reported, non Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, raitted*00111* anc* Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 2 Acres of Odd Land, 3 Cow Commons, and 10 Sheep Commons, who reftised to sign the Bill; and that the whole Pro-Vol. 49.

perty belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 47 i Yard Lands, and 15 Acres of Odd Land, or thereabouts, and there are in the Whole 24 Cow Commons, 37 Sheep Commons, and 63 Horse Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, that the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolted, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was' committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Baresby and the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the Crox-County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pas- gJJj tures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Thornton and Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Bagworth In-Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of p Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom Alderamton the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Roads Bill the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of rePorted-the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at, or near, Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of Pe-to confirm and establish an Award made between the terjK>^ouKh Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop EgUte*Bjy of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash, £s- committed. quire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and

interested

Thuilliers Nat. Bill committed.

Mayes Charity Bill committed.

Southnewing-ton Inclosure Bill passed.

Howard's Divorce Bill committed.

584 12° M A. 1794.

interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copy-hold Estates, late of the said William situate and being in Paston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in the County of Northampton (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine, the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and Copy-hold from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash, deceased, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Thuillier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved Yearly Rents, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr . Chute,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of ington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 26. After " Parish" to insert n the

" Vicarage House, with the Appurtenances, and also."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of South-newington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And a Motion being made, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

And the House being informed, that all the Parties interested in the said Bill gave their Consent that the Time, usually appointed for the House to go into a

Committee upon Private Bills, should, in this Case, be shortened in the Manner proposed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in Dover the County of Kent, was read a Second Time. Harbour Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose, comnutted- Mr. Hobart, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill to amend and explain so much of Act for re-an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign Contractor* of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- from being " straining any Person concerned in any Contract, Members, put " Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public " Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting " as a Member of the House of Commons," as restrains any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons, in Cases where such Contract, Commission, or Agreement, shall be taken by the lowest Offer, at a Public Bidding, after previous Notice given, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the Bill to amend Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Act forbettsr explain and amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year "uJjtin? of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act re°/

" for better examining end auditing the Public Ac- ported.

" counts of this Kingdom," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise Vote of C»-the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, dit BUI for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read P®8**-the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the>

Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Aberdeen further Consideration the Report which was made from Paving, &c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better pav- Bill deferreA ing, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and

preventing

Schedule of Lands securing Batteries, &c. in Kent presented.

Bill for better securing Batteries, &c. in Kent committed

Schedule of Lands referred.

Insolvent Debtors Bill committed-

Mr. Smith 8 Petition.

34 Geo. III. 12° Mail 585

preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

- I

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's

Command,

A Schedule of Lands containing a' Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the County of Kent.

And the Title of the said Schedule was read.

The said Schedule is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works, in the County of Kent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Schedule of Lands, which was this Day presented to the House by Mr. Sargent, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Schedule be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of George Smith, formerly of Canton, in China, Merchant, now residing in Stoke, next Guildford, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, anterior to the Year 1771, and for near as long a Period as the Europeans have traded to China, there had been established, under the Authority of the Emperor of China, a Co-Hong, or Company of Merchants, consisting of Ten Hongs, or Houses, to transact Business with Europeans, and the Europeans were prohibited from trading with any other Chinese than with the Co-Hong, unless recommended by them; a most extensive Trade was carried on, and unbounded Confidence subsisted betwixt the Europeans and the Co-Hong, in so much, that all Prices of the Imports and Exports rested solely with the Co-Hong: That, in the Month of October, when the Monsoon begins to set in unfavourable for the Arrival at the Port of Canton of any more Ships for the Season, the Co-Hong fixed the Prices at which the Mercats enabled them to give Europeans for the Imports, and also the Prices at which they could furnish the Articles of their Export Cargoes, nor was it ever known that the Co-Hong abused this extraordinary Power of fixing the Profits upon their own Mercantile Transactions; and that, in the Beginning of the Year 1771, the said Co-Hong was dissolved, and the Officers of the Government of China, upon pub-Vot. 49.

lishing its Dissolution, at the same Time declared, that, although the Co-Hong was dissolved, yet that no European was to have any Transaction with a Chinese other than with one of the Ten Hongs, or Houses, which formerly composed the Co-Hong, unless recommended to them by one of the Ten Hongs, or Houses, or by one of the Three Head Linguists, and, in Case of a contrary Conduct in any European, it was declared that the Chinese Government would not be responsible for any Losses the Europeans might sustain by trusting Chinese unknown'to it: That the Ten Hongs, or Houses, thus disunited, became jealous of each other's Success, and, in the Favour which some of them enjoyed over the others, in the Countenance given them by the Officers of Government at Canton, they began to supplant each other, and to effect one another's Ruin; the Property of British Subjects was lavished in Presents to the Officers of the Chinese Government, and they, in Return, screened the Hongs, or Houses, from the Complaints of Europeans, but, these being frequently repeated, at last the Hong Merchants obtained an Order from the Officers of Government at Canton, declaring that they would not, in future, receive any Memorial or Petition from any European, unless it was presented by a Hong Merchant — Thus foiled in every Attempt to obtain Justice, the Petitioner, with the Concurrence of the other British Subjects resident at Canton, drew up a Representation and State of the large Amount of British Property in China, for themselves, and in Behalf of their Constituents, and transmitted one Copy to a Committee of Creditors in London, and also another Copy to the Creditors who were resident at Madras-, the Consequence of these Applications was, that the Committee of Creditors in London were successful in their Applications to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, who took up, and considered the Amount of their Debts as a National Object; the Creditors at Madras were likewise successful in their Applications to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in India, who sent the late Captain Panton, in His Majesty's Ship The Sea Horse, to Canton, for Two Years successively, demanding, in His Majesty's Name, Justice to be done to British Creditors in the full Payment of their just Demands from the Chinese: That the Result of the Application, in the Name of His Majesty, procured a curious Kind of Justice, viz. The Settlement of Two of the Hong Merchants Debts, by making up their Bonds, with Interest, to the End of the Season 1779-80, lopping off One Half of the Debt, and a Promise by the Officers of the Government at Canton to pay the remaining Half, about £. 200,000, by Annual Instalments, in Ten Years, without Interest; and as to the Debt of One of the other Hongs, amounting to near £. 400,000, they gave the Creditors a Promise, when the lopped Debts of the Two Hongs or Houses were once settled, they would then settle this also; with regard to all the other Hongs Debts, One was said to be settled by their Predecessors in the Government at Canton, and as to the remaining Hongs Debts, the Creditors, it was said, had agreed upon Terms, but even these had not been complied with. That His Majesty's Service in India, at this Period, did not permit the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet to pursue further Measures for the Relief of the unfortunate British Subjects in China, whose Debts the Petitioner can say, with the greatest Confidence, arose from, and are entirely founded on, honourable Mercantile Transactions, and can bear the strictest Investigation: That in this Situation of the Petitioner's Affairs he left China with his. Family in January 1782, and returned to this Country for Two Reasons, First, to meet his Creditors as an honest Man, to do them every Justice in his Power, and, Secondly, to endeavour to obtain the further Aid of the Government of this Country to procure from

7 K the

586

12? M

A. 1794.

the Chinese Govemnment full Payment of the just Debts due by its Hongs to their British Creditors; that the Petitioner arrived in this Country in October 1782, and took the first Opportunity to meet his Creditors, which he did in the Beginning of November following, when he exhibited to them a Statement and Balance of his Affairs, amounting at the Period in which he left China, to £ 201,739. os. 8 owing to him by the Chinese Hong Merchants, in Consequence of honourable Mercantile Transactions with them {only deducting therefrom £4,111. 15 owing to him by British Subjects) out of which he owed to several Persons £ 128,514. 12$. 8 the Balance remaining, his Property, £ 73,224. 8$. the honest Fruits of many Years Industry: That an Assignment was proposed of his Property to his Creditors, and accepted, the Instrument was drawn out, and approved by all his Creditors in Britain, One only excepted, who objected to the Clause of Release by which the Petitioner was to be released from his Debt, although it was only to be binding on his Creditors, provided the Petitioner rendered a fair and honourable Account and Delivery of all his Property, and, upon the Petitioner rejecting this unreasonable Request, his only inimical Creditor issued a Commission of Bankruptcy against him on the 18th of December 1782; and that, upon the 25th of March 1783, the Petitioner exhibited on Oath, before the Commissioners of Bankruptcy, an exact Copy of the aforesaid Statement and Balance of his Affairs, and the Petitioner's Creditors have been since in the regular Receipt of the Annual Dividends paid by the Chinese Government, upon a Part of the Petitioner's large Property, of about £ 2,600, paid by the Officers of the Government of China at Canton, in Part of the lopped Debt, the Annual Instalments of which are now expired: That, so soon as it reached India that a Commission of Bankruptcy had been issued against the Petitioner, his Creditors in that Part of the World gave their Consent, under their Hands and Seals, to his Certificate (except One Creditor only, for a Debt of One Thousand Rupees, most probably from Inadvertency, or from being at the Time in a distant Part of,) and which Consent of his Creditors Abroad he has in his Possession, and all his other Creditors are in England, and they too, One only excepted, have been friendly towards him, and some in a very eminent Degree: That the Petitioner, ever since his Return to this Country, now near Twelve Years ago, has used his utmost Exertions and Abilities for the Benefit of his Creditors, and he hopes his Exertions will prove beneficial to them; and the Petitioner, having done his utmost for the Benefit of his Creditors, can with greater Confidence apply to the House for Relief to enable him to make Use of his Industry to provide for a large Family of Children, for, in the Petitioner's present Situation, he can neither benefit his Creditors or them. That the Petitioner does not claim nor appeal to the Humanity or Compassion of the House, but he relies, and has a firm Confidence in its Justice, upon these Grounds: That his Misfortunes are not owing to his Imprudence, Misconduct, or Extravagance, but to this sole Cause, viz. the Injustice of the Officers of the Government of Canton in China, in Conjunction with the Hong Merchants, his Debtors, in having withheld from him his large Property; and therefore hopes, in Consideration of the peculiar Circumstances attending his Case, that, while the House is engaged in extending its Humanity and Compassion to Thousands in the Insolvent Bill now pending, that the House will extend its Justice by the Admission of a Clause for the Relief of the Petitioner to empowes the Lord Chancellor to sign his Certificate, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or examined upon Oath, at the Bar of t he House, or be allowed to adduce other Evi-

dence in Support of his very peculiar Case, and of the Allegations in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Law, Mr. Francis, c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- Battersea cording to Order, a Bill for erecting a Penitentiary Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Houset?j11 Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein presen described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bill for pre-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the further Preven- renting De-tion of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in UjmaddjT* Parliament; re<j.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King's M«-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, sage respect-signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to "8 Seditions the House; and it was redd by Mr. Speaker (all the Frac ce*' Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having received Information, that the Seditious Practices, which have been for some time carried on by certain Societies in London, in Correspondence with Societies in different Parts of the Country, have lately been pursued with increased Activity and Boldness, and have been avowedly directed to the Object of assembling a pretended General Convention of the People, in Contempt and Defiance of the Authority of Parliament, and on Principles subversive of the existing Laws and Constitution, and directly tending to the Introduction of that System of Anarchy and Confusion which has fatally prevailed in France, has given Directions for seizing the Books and Papers of the said Societies in London, which have been seized accordingly; and these Books and Papers appearing to contain Matter of the greatest Importance to the Public Interest, His Majesty has given Orders for laying them before the House of Commons; and His Majesty recommends it to the House to consider the same, and to take such Measures thereupon as may appear to be necessary for effectually guarding against die further Prosecution of these dangerous Designs, and for preserving to His Majesty's Subjects the Enjoyment of the Blessings derived to them by the Constitution happily established in these Kingdoms.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Rew. further Consideration the Report from the Committee nue Bill of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better deferred. Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered,

Bill to continue, and amend, Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill

South Wi-tham Inclosure Bill reported.

34 Geo. III. 12" — 13° Mail 587

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for " regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of ," be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouse, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouse;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Bill examined a Witness in Favour of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 13° die Maii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794. Praters.

MR. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 49.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Fleet Inclo-closing, the Common Droves and Waste Lands, in ff.Tft.fe:., the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln; and for paMefl‘ altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbitt and Peakill) Weston, Moulton,

JVhapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Droves and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the severed Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit emd Peakill) Weston, Moulton,

Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Anderson Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Cofnmittee, Emanuel

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hospital Bill Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the reP°rted>

1 a/_ ntitiQPn

City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital, in or F near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mainwaring reported. from the Committee, to sir Joseph whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Banks and An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir

Joseph Banks, Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates T % ~

of Elisha Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell, or exchange, other Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 2. Leave out " April," and insert

" February."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Thuilliei'a whom the Bill for naturalizing John Thuillier, was Nat Bill recommitted; port*1*

588 130 Man. A. 1794.

committed; That the Committee had examined the enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and that the Committee had directed him to report and widening several Roads from , in the

the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And County of , to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Andover, at, or near, and to the Turnpike Road

leading to Winchester at in the County

Lady Se- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Southampton.

for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and Copy- Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the committed. hold Estates of Dame Harriot, the Wife of Sir John Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Saunders Sebright, Baronet, late Harriot Croftes,

Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to Mr. Whitbread, Junior, reported from the Commit- Willson's their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Estate Bill said Dame Harriot Sebrigkt, was read a Second tituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate reP^fd' "4. Time. of William Willson, Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in p

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton, Esquire,

Pitt, Sir John Rous, See.: And they are to meet this on Payment of the Sum of Three thousand One hun Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers dred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Chamber. Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be

Bin for unit- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom ing the Rec- -the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tones of for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint hw and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with

Mary, South the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Kelsey, re- Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance ported, and Gf either Benefice, was committed; That the Compassed. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Thjrd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Bishop of Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Bristol and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gott's, &c. to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement BillTeported, entered into between Christopher late Lord Bishop of and passed. Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wor-mald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in die Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, in performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Aldermaston An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Roads Bill and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth

passed. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at, or near, Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and

settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Benjamin Pope, a Prisoner in His Mr. Pope's Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the Petition. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having instituted a Prosecution against the late Sir Alexander Leith, deceased, for Felony, and which Prosecution was under the Advice of Counsel, upon his Acquittal, an Action of Damages was brought against the Petitioner, and a Verdict obtained for £. 10,000, and Costs, which Damages and Costs the Petitioner being utterly unable to pay, hath been confined in Prison for the said Damages and Costs from the 1st Day of May 1783, being now upwards of Eleven Years; and that the Petitioner's Distress doth not arise from any Misconduct in himself, but from the Misfortune he met with, by being advised to such Prosecution, and the Damages far exceed what the Petitioner's whole Estate and Property amounts unto, and although he was always ready, and willing to make every Satisfaction in his Power, all Proposals of a Compromise have been rejected; and that the Petitioner is Sixty-six Years of Age, and, if not included in the Act now before the House, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, so that he may be at Liberty to take the Benefit thereof, he must for the Whole of his Life be confined in Prison: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill (now depending for Relief of Insolvent Debtors) that the Petitioner may have the Benefit of the said Act upon such Terms as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Mr. Ke-upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of mey*

His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the

Air, &c. Writ.

New Radnor Writ.

Pill for preventing Delay in Elections, put off for Three Months.

Election Oaths Bill ordered.

Book and Papers, referred to in King's Message, presented.

34 Geo. III. 13° Man.

589:

the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premisses in order to' recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Kemeys Gardner Kemeys, on Behalf of himself, his Mother, and his Two Sisters, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Air, Irvine, Rothsay, Inverary, and Cam in the room of the Honourable Major General Charles Stuart, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, in the room of David Murray, Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the further Prevention of Delay in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question

To leave out the Word " now " and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Dent, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Book and several Papers, referred to in His Ma-Vol. 49.

jesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, sealed up.

N. B. The said Book and Papers were, by a subsequent Order of the House of the 30th Day of June, returned into the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into King's Me»-Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of respect-Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; considered.

The House proceeded to take the said Message into and Address Consideration. thereupon.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will, immediately, take into their serious Consideration the Subject recommended to them in His Majesty's Message, and will adopt such Steps as may appear to them to be necessary on a Matter of such high Importance to the Safety of His Majesty's Dominions.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That the Book and Papers, which were Book and Pa-this Day presented to the House by Mr. Secretary pew referred Dundas, by His Majesty's Command, be referred to a Committee. Secrecy.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of April 1715, of the Proceedings of the House on certain Books and Papers containing Powers, Instructions, Memorials, and Letters, relating to the then late Negociation of Peace and Commerce, and to the Cessation of Arms,

(presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Stanhope, in pursuance of their Address to his Majesty) which Books and Papers were referred to a Committee of Secrecy, and ordered to remain with the Clerk of the House, sealed as they then were, until the said Committee was chosen, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Die House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 22d Day of January 1722, of the Proceedings of the House on the Papers relating to James Plunket, which were presented to the House, sealed up, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, and referred to the Committee appointed to examine Christopher Layer, which Papers were delivered to the Chairman of the Committee so sealed up, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Twenty-one.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way To be chosen of Ballotting. by Ballot.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Twenty-one Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lists, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

7 L Ordered,

A. 1794.

Battersea Penitentiary House Bill committed.

Bill for preserving French Property deferred.

Mariners Bill deferred.

Election Oaths Bill presented.

Counsel further heard on Eau Brink and Kings Lynn Drainage Bill.

590

13° — 14° Maii.

Ordered, That the Book and Papers, this Day presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas, be kept by the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now are,

until the said Committee be chosen. Mercurii, 14° die Mali;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of ,therein described, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to Serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by die Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Bill examined another Witness in Favour of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Anno 34° Georgii III111 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hast- Hastings. ings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Sutton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Cheney In-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, c,08Ur? and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, or Bitt reported Territories of Sutton Cheney alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Aberdeen further Consideration the Report which was made from Paving. &c-the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, BUl defemd‘ lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to BrasenNose

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, College and An Act for establishing and confirming certain Arti- Loveden's cles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Prin- ported, cipal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of and passed. ' Brasen Nose, in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden, of Buscot Park, in the County of Berks, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, Answer to That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Ma- Address on jesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious King 8 ** Message; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will, immediately, take into their serious Consideration the Subject recommended to them in His Majesty's Message, and will adopt such Steps as may appear to them to be necessary on a Matter of such high Importance to the Safety of His Majesty's Dominions) had been presented to His Majesty; and that

34 Geo. III.

14° Maiu

591

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for Stocking Marsh Common.

Welland Drainage and Navigation Bill.

Arnesby Inclosure Bill

Belton Inclosure Bill.

Akely cum Stockholt Inclosure Bill.

Skillington

Inclosure Bill.

Messrs. F roe-nan and Grace's Assignees Bill.

Cambridge Paving, &c. Bill, with Amend-nents.

The Lords have r

Bishop of Ely's Leases Jill.

His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Mannar of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt in the Parish

of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same into the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Wellatul, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes and Open Salt Marshes, into Roads,

between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Arnesby, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County of Rutland', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson, Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias dc Gatulasequi, an Alien; and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better paving, " cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for " removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, I-anes, and other " Passages, within the said Town ;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under One Lease; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Vol. 49.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lane's Lease* to enable Thomas Lane, Esquire, to grant Building, Bl11-Repairing, and Improving Leases of Estates devised to him by Henry Bosville, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Clapham enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Lease* Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, 1 ‘ to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday ®" next, at Twelve of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under One Lease, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord's the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Amend-tituled, An Act for building a new Bridge over the Bridgwater River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgwater, in Bridge, &c. the County of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, Bill agreed to and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 40. Leave out from " to

" Provided" in Pr. 31. 1. 13.

And the Clause proposed to be left out by the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel " who shall pay any of the Dues, Duties, and Customs " aforesaid, for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes by " them brought to the said Port, to charge such " Dues, Duties, and Customs so paid, in Addition " to their Charge for Freight or Trow Bills, and that " the same shall be recoverable by Action at Law in " any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at " ster."

And the House being informed, that the said Clause was left standing in the Bill as it passed this House by Mistake; for, that by the said Bill, as originally brought into this House, it was intended to apply certain Tolls and Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, and to impose certain other Tolls and Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein also mentioned, brought into the said Port of Bridgwater, for the Purpose of raising a Fund for the building and maintaining the Bridge mentioned in the Bill, to which Tolls and Duties the said Clause was applicable; yet that in the Course of the Bill through this House, and in consequence of certain Petitions presented to this House relating thereto, the original Plan of the said Bill, in respect to such Tolls and Duties, was entirely altered, and the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed, left out those Parts of it by which all the Tolls and Duties on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize Avere intended to be applied or imposed, and laid a Toll or Duty only on Ships, Trows, and other Vessels, coming into

the

Lords Amendments to Cambridge Paving, &c. Bill agreed to.

592

14° M

A. 1T94.

the said Port, and also on certain Carriages and Cattle passing over the said Bridge, in the Manner mentioned in the said Bill as it passed this House: In Consequence of which Alterations in "the Bill, and in Conformity thereto, the Committee of this House ought to have left out the Clause which is the Subject of the Amendment made by the Lords, the said Clause as it now stands referring to Tolls and Duties not mentioned in the Bill as it passed this House.

The House was moved, That the Said Bill as presented to this House, and the Amendments made thereto by die Committee, to whom the 6ame was committed, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Die House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the f>th Day of April 1750, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of June 1781, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into further-Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester, and for amending the several Acts

passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Amendment made by the Lords to the said Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle, be now read a Second Time.

'The said Amendment was accordingly read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Langston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a special Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons for agreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, " for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other " Passages, within the said Town."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 6. After " Funds," insert " shall be " transferred into, placed out, " and stand."

1. 9. After " well," insert " as."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Sutton in whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Ashfield In-Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Simon Yorke reported from the Committee, to Faldingwonh

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste reiK)rte<1-Lands, within the Parish of Faldingwortin the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in the Gaol Hull; Not-for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston tingham; upon Hull:And also, f"1.

A Petition from the Debtors in the Gaols of the Debtor^' County and Town of Nottingham: And also, Petitions.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Prison of The Fleet: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Thuillier*

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P be, An Act for naturalizing John Thuillier.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gen- Member tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Iadded t0I a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several jAclosure " Proprietors of the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, Bill, and Wastes thereinafter mentioned.

Mr.

34 Geo. III.

14° M

‘ 593

Lund Inclo- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

*"e#ented. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

preten Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East Riding of the County of and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kemeya' Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to re-, sort to the Mortgaged Premisses in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty,' was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed"him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the "Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

King's Bench A Petition of the Bankrupt Prisoners confined in ®aflkPt the King's Bench Prison, who cannot take the Benefit Petition" *ntended Act of Insolvency, on account of the

Sums for which they are confined amounting to considerably more than what the Act extends to, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been Merchants and Traders, some of them to a large Amount, and Commissions of Bankrupt have issued against them, under which they have long since given up their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, notwithstanding which, some of the Petitioners have been confined from Four to Thirteen Years, and that should the impending Bill pass into a Law, without a Clause being added to include Bankrupts, they have nothing to look to, but perpetual Imprisonment, with all the natural Distress attending such Imprisonment, to them, their Wives and Children: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be added to the present intended Act of Insolvency, which may include Bankrupt Prisoners, under whatever Restrictions or Regulations the House may think proper, for the Satisfaction of their Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Clapfaam An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Glebe Lea* Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Bill read. Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lane's Leases An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill read. ena5ie Thomas Lane, Esquire, to grant Building,

Repairing, and improving Leases of Estates devised to him by Henry Bosvi Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks,

Estate Bill VoL. 49. pasted.

Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe,

Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell or exchange other Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do camr the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of John Gardner, Vicar of Battersea, in Mr. Gard-the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner understands teraeaPeni-a Bill is depending in the House, respecting the Erec- tentiary tion of Penitentiary Houses in the Parish aforesaid; House Bill, and that, should such Penitentiary Houses be erected, they will, as the Petitioner is informed, cover a great Space of Ground, from the Vegetable Productions whereof there at present arises a considerable Portion of the Tythes of the said Parish, to which the Petitioner, as Vicar, is entitled, and a very great Loss will be thereby sustained by the Petitioner, and the Income of the said Vicarage will be greatly diminished for the Time to come: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Petitioner's Case into Consideration, and provide such Compensation for the Petitioner, and the future Vicars of the said Parish, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piecfe of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein described, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Election Reading of the Bill for directing the Appointment of Oaths Bill Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act of Bill to amend the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for better examining and audit- Public Acing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom," was counts, read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts, to the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for victualling the Navy, and the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

7 y

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mem- for bers to prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Committee of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee of s«crecy.

7 M Secrecy,

594

14° — 15° Mail A. 1794.

Secrecy, ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order, made Yesterday, directing the Method of putting the said Lists into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared, severally put the Lists by them prepared into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lists by them prepared into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lists; and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls: *

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Wigley, Mr. John Pitt, General A Mr. Tempter: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speakers Chamber.

Papers, refer- Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by red to in His Majesty's Command,

King's Mes- Several other Papers, referred to in His Majesty's sented.16* most Gracious Message of Monday last, sealed up.

Ordered, That the said Papers be kept by the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now are, until the Committee of Secrecy, ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, is chosen,

N. B. The said Papers were, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 30th Day of June, returned into the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State.

Land Reve- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking ‘ nue Bill de- into further Consideration the Report from the Com-ferred. mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown, in future, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly, and had directed him -to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen

upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right honourable William Pitt,- - 152

The Right honourable Henry Dundas, - 151

The Right honourable Welbore Ellis, - 150

The Right honourable William Windham - 150

Mr. Attorney General ... 149

Mr. Solicitor General ... 148

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, - - 147

Thomas Grenville, Esquire, - - 147

The Right honourable Thomas Steele, - 147

The Right honourable the Master of the *

Rolls, --- - - 146

The Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, 146

Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, - - 146

The Earl of Upper Ossory, - 146

Thomas Powys, Esquire, - 145

The Earl of Mornington, - - - 144

The Lord Mulgrave, - - - 142

Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, - 141

John Anstruther, Esquire, - - - 140

Thomas Stanley, Esquire, - - - 140

The Right honourable Charles Townshend, 139 The Right honourable Edmund Burke, - 135

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Book and Papers, which were presented to the House Yesterday and this Day, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, and ordered to remain, sealed up, in the Custody of the Clerk of this House until the said Committee was chosen, be delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place; and have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill for sup-plyingFrench Islands with Com, &c. ordered.

Bill for 8up* plyingFrench Islands with Com, &c. presented.

Repdrt of Members to be the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying such of the French Islands as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for supplying such of the French Islands as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning, v

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Persons Names to be the Committee Qf Secrecy,

Jovis, 15° dieMaii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*U Regis, 1794.

Praters.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and The Lords Mr. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BiUrespecU Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior ing Suits in Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the the County Court of Common Plea» of the said County Palatine; Lancaster! without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for regu-Act for better regulating and governing the Water- lating Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River "e^CC: of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor \ without Thames.

any Amendment: And also,

The

34 Geo. III.

15° M

595

Stirling Roads Bill

Clackmanan and Perthshire Roads Bill

Crawley and Bishops Sutton Inclo-snreBilL

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-for making and repairing several Roads leading across mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, the County of Stirling; without any Amendment: And and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, also, ~ "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Common

or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market Bosworth, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wolvey Inclosure Bill.

Martin Inclosure Bill.

Bill to amend Mold Inclosure Act

# An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners Mr. Kenneys

Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall passed-Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in full Satisfac-Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain tion of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear of Bishops Sutton, in the said County; without any to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary Amendment: And also, to resort to the Mortgaged Premisses in order to recover

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Majesty, was road the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premisses in order to

Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for to His Majesty.

Pillarton Inclosure Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing ana inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within Lower otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Imw reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Smith'* the Petition erf George Smith, formerly of Canton, in Pet,t,°*i China, Merchant, now residing in next Guild- repo

ford, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

James Bradshaw, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Year 1771, and for near as long a

Sutton in Ashfield Inclosure Bill passed.

anterior to the Year 1771

Period as the Europeans have traded to China, there had been established, under the Authority of the Em-An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several peror of China, a Co-Hong, or Company of Merchants,

consisting of Ten Hongs, or Houses, to transact Business with Europeans, and the Europeans were prohibited from trading with any other Chinese than with the Co-Hong, unless recommended by them — that a most extensive Trade was carried on, and unbounded Confidence subsisted betwixt the Europeans and the

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and

Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Not- Co-Hong, in so much, that all Prices of the Imports tingham. and Exports rested solely with the Co-Hong: — That,

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the in the Month of October, when the Monsoon begins Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to set in unfavourable for the Arrival at the Port of

Canton of any more Ships for the Season, the Co-Hong Sutton Ch*- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open fixed the Prices at which the Mercats enabled them to *10y Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Com- give Europeans for the Imports, and also the Prices at

Bill passed. mooSj Waste Grounds, within the Township, Pre- which they could furnish the Articles of their Export cincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Cargoes, nor was it ever known that the Co-Hong abused Chenell, in the Parish of Market Bosworth, in the this extraordinary Power of fixing the Profits upon their County of Leicester, was read the Third Time. own Mercantile Transactions.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made That in die Beginning of the Year 1771, the said to the Bill; viz. Co-Hong was dissolved — that the Officers of the

Pr. 43. I. 39. After " Charity," to insert " and -Government of China, upon publishing its Dissolution, " from whose Allotment or Al- -at the same Time declared, That although the Co-

kotmeats any Deduction shall Hoag was dissolved, yet that mo European was to

" be made as aforesaid." rhave any Transaction with >a Chinese, other than with

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put one of the Ten Hongs, or Houses, which formerly thereupon, agreed; to by the House; anjd the Bill was composed the Co-Hong, unless recommended to

wended at the Table accordingly. them by one of, the Ten Hongs, or Houses, or by

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aadtbat the Title one of the Three Hoad; Linguists; .*nd, in Case of a Vpl. 49. contrary

596

15° Mail

A. 1794.

contrary Conduct in any European, it was declared that the Chinese Government would not be responsible for any Losses the Europeans might sustain by trusting Chinese unknown to it:

That the Ten Hongs, or Houses, thus disunited, became jealous of each other's Success, and in the Favour which some of them enjoyed over the others, in the Countenance given them by the Officers of Government at Canton, they began to supplant each other, and to effect one another's Ruin — the Property of British Subjects was lavished in Presents to the Officers of the Chinese Government, and they, in Return, screened the Hongs, or Houses, from the Complaints of Europeans; but these being frequently repeated, the Hong Merchants obtained an Order from the Officers of Canton Government, declaring that they would not, in future, receive any Memorial or Petition from any European, unless it was presented by a Hong Merchant — That thus foiled in every Attempt to obtain Justice, Mr. Smith (the Petitioner) with the Concurrence of the other British Subjects resident at Canton, drew up a Representation and State of the large Amount of British Property in China, for themselves, and in behalf of their Constituents, and transmitted one Copy to a Committee of Creditors in London, also another Copy to the Creditors who were resident at Madras — that the Consequence of these Applications were, that the Committee of Creditors in London were successful in their Applications to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, who considered the Amount of their Debts as a National Object — the Creditors at Madras were likewise successful in their Applications to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in India, who sent the late Captain Panton, in His Majesty's Ship The Sea Horse, to Canton, for Two Years successively, demanding, in His Majesty's Name, Justice to be done to British Creditors, in the mil Payment of their just Demands from the Chinese — that the Result of this Application, in His Majesty's Name, procured a curious kind of Justice, namely, the Settlement of Two of the Hong Merchants Debts, by making up their Bonds, with Interest, to the End of the Season 1779-80, lopping off One Half of the Debt, and a Promise, by the Officers of the Government at Canton, to pay the remaining Half, amounting to about £. 200,000, by Annual Instalments, in Ten Years, without Interest; and that, as to the Debt of one of the other Hongs, amounting to near £. 400,000, they gave the Creditors a Promise, when the lopped Debts of the Two Hongs, or Houses, were once settled, they would likewise settle their Debt — One was said to be settled by their Predecessors in the Government at Canton; and that as to the remaining Hongs Debts, the Creditors, it was said, had agreed upon Terms; but that these have not even been complied with. — And the Witness added, That no further Steps were taken by Government, for the Relief of the British Subjects.

Charles Edward Pigou, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the whole of the above Evidence. — Then,

Several Members present informed the Committee, That on the Petitioner's Arrival in England, in November 1782, he delivered to his Creditors a Statement and Balance of his Affairs, in the Manner stated in the Petition; and that, after several intermediate Circumstances, a Commission of Bankruptcy was issued against him in December 1782.

Joseph Ward, Esquire, (Solicitor to the said Commission of Bankruptcy) being examined, said, That upon the 25th of March 1783, Mr. Smith exhibited on Oath, before the Commissioners of Bankruptcy, an exact Copy of the aforesaid Statement and Balance of his Affairs; and that his Creditors have been since in the regular Receipt of the Annual Dividends paid by the Chinese Government upon a Part of his large Property, of about £. 2,600, paid by the Officers of the

Government of China at Canton, in Part of the lopped Debt, the Annual Instalments of which are now expired. — And the Witness added, That it appeared to him (from the Papers under the Commission of Bankruptcy, and from Two Powers of Attorney, and Affidavits authenticating the same respectively, under the Seal of the Mayor's Court at Bombay, authorizing certain Persons, therein named, to sign Mr. Smith's Certificate under the Commission) that of the Creditors who had proved their Debts, at Home and Abroad, under the Commission of Bankruptcy, all except Thirteen had consented to the granting him his Certificate. —

And,

Several Members present proved the Consent of Eight of the above-mentioned Thirteen Creditors to the granting the same.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Faldingwwth Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of pM3ea‘ Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorke do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open South With* and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in P*8SM‘ the Parish of South Witharn, in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of South Witham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for nip-Reading of the Bill for supplying such of the French Islands as may be in His Majesty's Possession, With the Com several sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, ne- committed. cessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's Schedule of Command, JL.

A Schedule of Lands at the Berry Head, in Devon, '

proposed to be contained in a Bill for vesting certain presented.' Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Plan of Berry Head.

And the Titles of the said Schedule and Plan were read.

Ordered, That the said Schedule and Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Schedule be printed.

The said Schedule and Plan are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

34 Geo. III. 15° — 16° Mail 597

Bill for better Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House securing Bat- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i^Kent^de- upon t^ie for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, ferred. ' Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the County of Kent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Howard's a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divorce Bill, gjj from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Howard's Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Divorce Bill Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed passed* to the same, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill to con-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ti«ie, and upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of the Tapping2 Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a of Slaves,

" limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parlia- deferred.

" ment, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill for directing the Appoint- 9" ment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and a 1 ' Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ilkeston Inclosure Billy passed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 57. 1. 14. At the End of the Line to add, " and all Pensions issuing out " of any of the said Tythes."

1. 26. After " Grounds" to insert " and " Tythes."

1. 27. After " Rents" to insert " and " Pensions respectively."

1. 29. After " Grounds" to insert " and " such Tythes."

1. 30. After " Rents " to insert " and " Pensions."

1. 35. After " Rents " to insert " and " Pensions."

Pr. 58. 1. 2. After " Grounds " to insert " or " such Tythes."

Pr. 75. 1. 38. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " by."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Insolvent The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Debtors Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vo L, 49.

Veneris, 16° die Maii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

RDERED, That the Committee of Secrecy Additional have Leave to sit, during the Sitting of the Powers to House. Committee

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to of Secrecy-report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of ft>r effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Lichfield and Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry and Sir Richard Hill,

Baronet, was read a Second Time. change Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tad- committed. way, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Debtors, con- King's Bench fined in the King's Bench Prison, on behalf of them- Debtors selves and others there, and in His Majesty's other p,t*tion. Prisons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are confined for Debts which accrued, and were sued or prosecuted for, a considerable Time prior to the 1st Day of January last, and, by being rendered by their Bail, taken in Execution, or otherwise committed, were in actual Custody before the 10th Day of April last, on which Day the Lord Chancellor first intimated to the House of Lords that the Bill now pending would be brought forward; and that the Petitioners compose a considerable Part of the Number of unfortunate Insolvent Debtors, who are hopeless of Relief under the said Bill, unless the Humanity of the House deign to commiserate their distressed Case, by extending me said Bill to a

7 N further

Newgate

Debtors Petition.

16° Mail . it 94s

farther Period than seems intended, the Petitioners only farther observing, that the Proceedings against them evidently distinguish them from those designing Persons who come into Custody, or render under collusive Actions, to avail themselves of Legislative Benevolence: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners Case into Consideration, by granting them Relief under the present Bill.

A Petition of the Majority of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bill for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, now under the Consideration of the House, having for its Object the Discharge of Prisoners for Debt, by reason of the present Condition of the Gaols in this Kingdom, the Petitioners, adverting as well to the Principle of the Bill as to their wretched Situation, hold themselves bound in Duty most respectfully to state to the House how far the Bill, as it now stands, and in respect to the said Prison in particular, will operate towards effecting the benevolent Intention of the Legislature: That all the Petitioners have become Prisoners in the said Gaol since the ist Day of January last, and the Number of Debtors now confined therein amounts to Two hundred and Thirteen, of which Number only Seventy-eight will be entitled to the Benefit of an Insolvent Act comprizing those only who shall have been in Prison on the ist Day of January last, leaving a Majority of One Hundred and Thirty-five Prisoners who will be excluded from such Relief, and the Prison remain nearly as full as it has usually been, on an Average for several Years past; and that the principal Part of the Petitioners are Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Seamen, Soldiers, and Labourers, disabled by Confinement from following their respective Occupations, and consequently not only deprived of all possible Means of discharging their Debts, but are, with their Families, plunged into the Extremes of Distress and Penury; and that far the greater Part of the Petitioners had the Misfortune to be taken from their Families, and confined in Prison, before they could possibly know, and before any Intimation was given, of an Intention to relieve Prisoners for Debt by an Insolvent Act, and those of the Petitioners, who have been confined since such Intention became known, are Men in wretched and deplorable Circumstances, compelled by the Necessity of their Affairs to become Prisoners in the said Gaol, and not becoming so with any Intent to deceive or defraud their Creditors, to whom they are ready to give up all they possess, and honestly and rigidly to comply with every Thing which shall be required by the Law in that behalf: That the Bill, as it now stands, will relieve not more than One-third of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the said Gaol, and the Majority, from the present Operation of the Law, have no Prospect but that of miserably ending their Days in Confinement, unless the House, commiserating their wretched Situation, shall condescend to notice the Representation which the Petitioners now presume to offer: And therefore praying, That the House will take into Consideration their peculiar and complicated Hardships, and, by an Extension of the limited Time to a Date, so far subsequent to the 1st Day of January last, as that the Bill shall embrace a Majority of the Prisoners confined for Debt according to the evident Intention of its Principle, or, by such other Measure as the House shall think proper, grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration cif the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pease's to enable Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, and Anne his Estate Bill Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esquire, and thecouimitte<1' Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Tudway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom St. John's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill to enable Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, and, after "2*^ ' *"* his death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate, in the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act sir A. Stir-for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in ling's Estate Scotland, to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton, in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging ml to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling, of Glorat, Baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors now confined Durham in His Majesty's Gaol in the County of Durham, was Debtors presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Petition-Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported Election from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Oath* Bill the Bill for directing the Appointment of Commis- reported* sioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered,

34 Geo. III.

1 & Mail'

599

Bill for »up- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House plyingFrench reSolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cora, X. upon the Bill for supplying such of the French Islands,

deferred# as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several

sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, be now read.

# And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bristol Burying Ground, &c. Bill, reported.

Insolvent Debtors Bill deferred.

Petition from the Cloth-workers, &c. inGloucester-shire, for prohibiting the Use of Gig Mills.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being,

and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and reconvey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground, situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read* the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Clothworkers and Wool Scribblers, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Statute of the Fifth and Sixth of Edward the Sixth, Cap. 22. after reciting, " That in many Parts of the " Realm there was then newly and lately devised, " erected, builded, and used, certain Mills, called " Gig Mills, for pearching and burling (now called " Rowing) of Cloth, by reason thereof the true DraDrapery of the Realm was impaired, and the Cloth " thereof deceitfully made; for Remedy thereof it " was enacted, that no Manner of Person should then " after use or occupy any of the said Gig Mills, for " the working of any Woollen Cloth or Clothes made " or to be made within the Realm, upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Cloth so wrought in or by any of " the said Mills called Gig Mills, the Sum of Five " Pounds, one Moiety to the King, and the other " Moiety to him who shall sue for the same in any " of the King's Courts ;" and that, notwithstanding the above Statute, it was afterwards considered be--neficial and expedient, as well to the Clothiers as to Government, to make use of the said Gig Mills in working up Army Cloth and other Cloths of a coarse Nature, as such Cloths are by no means injured or Vol. 49.

impaired thereby, on account of its Coarseness and Strength to withstand the Violence of the Engine, and it was rendered much cheaper to the Contractor, on account of its not being so expensive to the Manufacturer in working it up by the Gig Mill as it is by hand: That very recently several Clothiers of the County of Gloucester have begun, and still do continue, to have their fine Cloth worked up by the above-mentioned Gig Mills; in consequence whereof the true Drapery of such Cloth is considerably affected, deceitfully made, and rendered much less valuable to the Wearers thereof, as the said Gig Mills are driven so violently by the Impetuosity of the Water, that it injures the Texture or Ground of such fine Cloth, winch will not admit of such Violence by reason of its Fineness, and if this Mode of dressing fine Cloth be continued by the Clothiers, the Petitioners are apprehensive Consequences of evil Tendency will ensue, as it must end in the Ruin of many Hundreds of Families who are dependant on the Clothworking Business, and the Land Owners within the said County, or certain Parts thereof, will ultimately be the Sufferers, for, by the Gig Mills doing that Part of the Business which was heretofore done by the Workmen, and which is contrary to the before recited Statute, a great Number of Men must consequently be out of Employ, and, in the end, become burthensome to the respective Parishes to which they belong: That this Country, which has ever been considered so famous, and has stood unrivalled in the making of Broad Cloth, must infallibly lose its Ttrade, by other Nations manufacturing their Goods in a superior Manner, with respect to the real Goodness and Duration of such Cloth, and it is not the Wish of the Petitioners that the Use of Gig Mills should be entirely suppressed, but only to confine them to the working of such Cloth as cannot be hindered thereby, and whereby they will be deprived of Employment, namely, that of the coarser Sort, and which, if so restricted, would then leave sufficient Employment for the Petitioners: That it has been suggested, by some of the Petitioners, that it would be prudent, in order to redress this Grievance, to commence Actions at Law upon the Statute of the Fifth and Sixth of Edward the Sixth, which so effectually prohibits the Use of the said Gig Mills, against such Person offending, and who makes use of the same in the working up of the fine Cloth, in order to recover the Penalty, and which, if done, the Petitioners conjectured would, without Doubt, entirely stop the Progress and Use of the said Mills, in manner aforesaid, as sufficient Proof can be adduced to substantiate the Particulars, and the Fact that the* Cloth which is worked up and wrought by the said Gig Mills, that is, the Supers and best Superfine Cloth, are much inferior in real Value and Worth to that which is done by the hand, and that the Texture or Ground of such Cloth is very immaterially injured thereby, but the Petitioners have been advised, if they were to sue for the Penalties, common Informers would proceed to destroy the Use of Gig Mills in making coarse Cloth entirely as well as that of the Fine, by proceeding against every Person who should use such Gig Mills, for the Penalties incurred by virtue of the said Act, and therefore the Petitioners have suspended and waived the bringing of such Action or Actions: That it has been for Time immemorial, the Custom for the Cloth Manufacturers for the County of Gloucester to have their Wool scribbled and worked up previous to its being put into the hands of the Spinners and Carders hereafter mentioned, by Men called Wool Scribblers, which Business is one of the considerable Branches of the Cloathing Trade, and as such has usually employed a large body of the lower Class of People in the said County, and so essentially convenient and advantageous was the said Branch of

Business

600 ' 16° Mail A. 1794

Business to the Community at large, and the neigh bouring Parishes in particular, that many Individuals who, being advanced in Age, or by Accident or Misfortune disabled from working in other Occupations which require bodily Exertions, could be furnished with the Means of the Necessaries of Life, without applying for Parochial Aid, by Scribbling Wool; and that it has also been universally the Custom, after the Wool has been so worked up by the Scribblers, to be immediately delivered over to be carded and spun, and worked up into Yarn, and this Part of the Business has ever been done by Women and Children, and always employed a numerous Body, whose Earnings are entirely dependent thereon, the Cloathing Manufacture being the only Staple Trade in that Part of the Country: That, within the Space of Two Years ot less, certain Machines or Engines have been introduced into the said County, which are so constructed as to scribble and card Wool, which heretofore was done in the manner before stated; that the Scribbling Engines generally go by Water, attended only by one Man and a Boy, and will do as much Work in Twelve Hours as Twenty Men can do in a like Space of Time, and the Carding Machines will complete as much Work in one Day as Eighty Women can industriously perform in a like Space of Time; and that in consequence of the said new Inventions being so made use of, a very great Number of Persons and their Families are now out of Employ, and nearly deprived of the Means of their future Subsistence, and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if some Means be not speedily adopted to employ the Number of People now destitute of Work, they must become burthensome to the respective Parishes to which they belong: That the Cloth which is made from the Wool scribbled by those Engines, has been found; by Experience, not to be equal in Quality and Goodness to that where the Materials with which it was made were worked up and scribbled by hand, by reason that the Machines, in consequence of the violent Manner in which they are driven by the Impetuosity and Force of the Water, tear the Wool from its true Staple; and notwithstanding the saving of Expence which must naturally accrue to the Clothiers, in consequence of their having the Cloth made by those Machines, they do not in the least reduce the Price of the Cloth, but, on the contrary, they have increased it so, that they alone are the Gainers, and the Public at large by no means benefited; and, that, on account of the great Expence of the Scribbling Machines, some of the inferior Clothiers are not enabled to purchase one for themselves, and therefore send their Wool to another Clothier to have it scribbled by his Machine, who is paid a reasonable Hire for working it up, whereby the more considerable Clothiers alone engross the Benefit thereof, the Expence of the inferior Clothiers for such Hire, making that method of getting their Work completed equally expensive with the original Plan, and the Petitioners are thereby also effectually deprived of the Work of such Persons, who are not able to provide themselves with a Machine; and that there are also other Branches of Business which are connected with, and dependant on, the scribbling and carding of Wool (to wit) the Card Makers, file Card Board Makers, and Wire Drawers, who are very immaterially affected by the before-mentioned Machines, inasmuch as a considerable Number of Persons, who were formerly employed in making Cards (the Instruments made use of in scribbling and carding Wool) are also now out of Employ in consequence of such Machines being so introduced as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent and prohibit any Person or Persons from making use of a Gig Mill, in the working up . of any

fine Woollen Cloth or Cloths, and hitherto suppress the use of the said Scribbling apd Carding Machines, in the scribbling and carding of Wool, or otherwise to limit and confine them to such a certain Number as will not engross the whole of the Labour, but leave sufficient Employment for the Petitioners to support themselves and Families, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie 'upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lord*

Qr(J: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tushingham Act for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Bill.0*0 Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wellington for dividing, allotting, inclosing,- and improving, the InclosureBilL Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in the county of,

and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newport for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shouldham for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common InclosureBilL Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham, and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of ing certain the Highways of this Kingdom, as are to be re- unpaired by Two Parishes; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by obaer^t^T Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers; without any of[^Lord's Amendment. Day.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Battersea Pe-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon nitentiary the Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, ^ferred*1 on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of -Surrey, therein described;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from Fust Report the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had from Com-examined the Matters to them referred, and had di- "^tecof rected him to make a Report to the House; and he recy* read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at she Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee to whom the several Papers referred to in His Majesty's Message of the 12th of May 1.794, and which were presented (sealed up) to the House, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, upon the 12th and 13th Days of the said Month, by His Majesty's Command, were referred; and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the same, as they should appear to them, to the House; have

proceeded.

i^-

34 Geo. III.

16* M

601

proceeded, in Obedience to the Orders of the House, to the Consideration of the Matters- referred to them.

They find, on the First Inspection, that the Books and Papers, which they are directed to examine, contain a full and authentic Account of certain Proceedings of Two Societies, calling themselves The Society for Constitutional Information, and The London Corresponding Society, who appear to be closely connected with other Societies in many Parts of Great Britain, and in Ireland; and the Committee also observe, from recent Circumstances, which have already come under their Observation, that these Proceedings appear to become every Day more and more likely to affect the internal Peace and Security of these Kingdoms, and to require, in the most urgent Manner, the immediate and vigilant Attention of Parliament.

The Committee have, therefore, thought it their indispensable Duty, in the First Instance, to submit to the House the general View which they have been enabled to form of these Transactions, reserving a more particular Statement for a subsequent Report.

In the Book containing the Proceedings of the Society for Constitutional Information, which was found in the Custody of the Person acting as Secretary to the Society, there are regular Entries, of what passed on each Day of Meeting, from the End of the Year 1791 to the 9th of May in the present Year.

From these it appears, that during almost the whole of that Period, and with hardly any considerable Interval, except during Part of the Summer in 1792 and 1793, this Society has, by a Series of Resolutions, Publications, and Correspondence, been uniformly and systematically pursuing a settled Design, which appears to your Committee to tend to the Subversion of the established Constitution, and which has, of late, been more openly avowed, and attempted to be carried into full Execution.

The Principles on which this Design is founded are strongly and unequivocally proved, from Resolutions formed as early as the 18th of May 1792, in which the Society applaud the Intention of publishing a cheap Edition of the First and Second Parts of The Rights of Man; and resolve, " That a Copy of Mr. " Paine's Letter [informing them of this Intention] rt together with these Resolutions, be transmitted to " all the Associated Societies in Town and Country; " and that this Society do., congratulate them on the " firm as well as orderly Spirit and tranquil Perseverance manifested in all their Proceedings, and exhort them to a steady Continuance thereinAnd also, " That 3,000 Copies of the Letter and Resolution should be printed for the Use of the Society." This single Circumstance would, in the Judgment of your Committee, leave little Doubt of the read Nature of the Designs entertained by this Society. Their Conduct in other Respects has corresponded with it.

On the 11th of May in the same Year they vote an Address; in Terms of Approbation and Applause, to the Society of Jacobins at Paris.

They adopt a similar Measure, under Circumstances still more striking, by sending, on the 9th of November following, an Address to the National Convention of France, full of Panegyric on the French Resolution, and expressing the strongest Wishes for its Progress and Success. This Address was actually presented at the Bar of the Convention by Two Persons, of the Name of Barlow and Frost; and the Answer of the President was read at the Meeting of the Society on the 7th of December 1792.

On the 14th of the same Month a Letter is received from Persons calling themselves the Friends «rf Liberty and Equality, at Lam, Capital of the Department de L'Aisne, and referred by their Society to their Committee of Correspondence.

Vol. 49-

On the 21st of the same Month, certain Members First Report are expressly appointed a Committee for Foreign Correspondence.

The Proceedings of this Committee are ordered to be entered in a separate Book; and a Letter received, that Day, from the Friends of Liberty and Equality at Macon, is referred to that Committee.

On the 25th of January and on the 1st of February 1793 (at the Eve of the Commencement of the War, and after the repeated Representations which had been made on the Part of the British Government, complaining of the Conduct of France) the Citizens Bar-rere and Roland (then leading Members of the French Convention) are admitted Associated Honorary Members of the Society; and the Speeches of Barrere and St. AndrS (also an Honorary Member of the Society) as given in The Moniteur of the 4th, 6th, and 7th of January, are directed to be inserted in the Books of the Society.

Subsequent to the Declaration of War, which interrupted this System of direct Correspondence and Concert with France, and down to the present Time, the Society have continued, on various Occasions, to manifest their Attachment to the Cause of the French Resolution; and have affected to follow, in their Proceedings and in their Language, the Forms and even the Phrases which are adopted in that County-

The next leading Circumstance which has engaged the Attention of your Committee, is the unremitting Activity and Diligence with which this Society have attempted to disseminate their Principles, both by Publications and Resolutions industriously and extensively circulated, and by endeavouring to establish a general Correspondence and Concert, among the other seditious Societies in the Metropolis, and in different Parts of England and Scotland, as well as in Ireland. With

many of these this Society appears itself to have carried on an immediate Correspondence, particularly with those at Sheffield, Norwich, and Manchester, who have, on all Occasions, taken the most forward and active Part in these Transactions. In their Correspondence with Norwich in particular, as early as the 12th of April 1793, there is a Passage which so clearly marks the real Object which (whatever may have been their Pretexts) they appear uniformly to have had in View, that your Committee think it right here to insert it.

" Extract of a Letter from the Secretary to " the Society for Constitutional Information, to the Secretary to the United Political Societies at Norwich; dated 16th " April 1793.

" Where then are we to look for the Remedy ?

To that Parliament of which we complain? To the Executive Power, which is implicitly obeyed if not anticipated in that Parliament? or, To Ourselves, represented in some Meeting of Delegates for the especial Purpose of Reform, which we suppose you understand by the Term CONVENTION.

" It is the End of each of these Propositions that we ought to look to; and as Success in a good Cause must be the Effect of Perseverance and the rising Reason of the Time, let us determine with Coolness, but let us persevere with Decision. — As to a Convention, we regard it as a Plan the most desirable and most practicable, so soon as the great Body of the People shall be courageous and virtuous enough to join us in the Attempt. Hitherto we have no Reason to believe that the Moment is ^arrived for that Purpose. — As to any Petition to the Crown, we believe it hopeless in its Consequences. With respect to the last of the Proposals, we are at a 7 O " Loss

609

16* Mm. A. 1794.

Rut Report from Com* wit tee of Secrecy*

" Loss to advise. — If the Event is looked to in the " Vote which may be obtained from that Body to " whom this Petition is to be addressed, which of " os can look to it without the Prospect of an ab- sedate Negative f In this Point of View, there- fore, it cannot require a Moment's Consideration. But if we regard the Policy of such a " Petition, it may, in our Apprehension, be well " worth considering as a warning Voice to our pre* " sent Legislators, and as a Signal for Imitation to the Majority of the People. Should such a Plan " be vigorously and generally pursued, it would M held out a Certamty to our Fellow Countrymen 'that we are not a Handful of Individuals un-' worthy of Attention or Consideration, who desire the Restoration of the antient Liberties of Eng-xt land', but, on the contrary, it might bring into " Light that Host of well-meaning Men, who, m " the different Towns and Counties of this Realm, " are silently but seriously anxious for Reformation " in the Government.

" We exhort you with Anxiety so pursue your " laudable Endeavours for the Common Good, and " never to despair of the Public Cause."

But of all the Societies with which they corresponded, die Two of the greatest Importance are, The London Corresponding Society (which has been already referred to, and with whom during this whole Period the Correspondence appears to have been continually kept up) and the Assembly which called itself The British Convention at Edinburgh. The First of these it will be necessary for the Committee to advert to particularly. The Proceedings of the Second are already sufficiently notorious. It is therefore only necessary hem to add, that on the Meeting of the Constitutional Society, on the 35th of October last, after their Adjournment for the Summer, a Letter was read from the Secretary of the Convention of the Friends of the People at Edinburgh, to the Secretary of the Corresponding Society — in Consequence of which it was resolved, th&t there should be an Extraordinary General Meeting, to consider of sending Delegates to a Convention of Delegates of the different Societies in Great to be held at Edinburgh, for foe Purpose of obtaining a Parliamentary Reform*

On the Monday following, foe 28th of October, this Meeting took place. Two Delegates were chosen, and the following Instructions given them:

" The Delegates are instructed, on foe Part of " this Society, to assist in bringing forward and " supporting any Constitutional Measures for procuring a real Representation of the Commons of " Great Britain in Parliament. That in specifying " the Redress to be demanded of existing Abuses, " the Delegates ought never to lose Sight of foe " Two essential Principles — General Suffrage, and " Annual Representation, together with the unalien-able Right in the People to reform. And that a " reasonable and known Compensation ought to be " made to foe Representatives of foe Nation, by a " National Contribution.

" That the Delegates do punctually correspond " with the Society, for foe Purpose of communicating " Information, and of receiving such further Instructions as foe Exigency may require."

And it was for ther resolved,

" That the Society be desired to write to foe " different Societies with which this Society is in <( Correspondence, informing them, that the London " CorrespondlngSociety, together with this Society, " have elected Delegates to the Convention of De- legates, to meet at Edinburgh on foe 29th Instant;

" and to request their Concurrence in this important

ftMeasure."

The Delegate appears, according to his Instructions, to have corresponded with the Secretary of the Society; but no Resolutions are entered on the Subject, tilt foe 17th of January, subsequent to foe Apprehension and Trial of several of the Members of the Convention at Edinburgh. On that Day the Society parsed foe following Resolutions:

" Resolved, That Law ceases to be an Object of " Obedience, whenever it becomes an Instrument of " Oppression.

" Resolved, That we call to Mind, with the <£ deepest Satisfaction, foe merited Fate of the ipfamous Jeffries, once Lord Chief Justice of England, who, at foe -Era of foe glorious Resolution, " for foe many iniquitous Sentences which he had " passed, was torn to pieces by a brave and injured " People.

" Resolved, That those who imitate his Example * deserve his Fate.

" Resolved, That the Tweed, tho' it may divide " Countries, ought uot and does not make a Separation between, those Principles of common Severity in which Englishmen and Scotchmen axe " equally interested; that Injustice in Scotland is In* " justice in England; and that the Safety of Englishmen is endangered whenever their Brethren in " Scotland, for a Conduct which entitles them to foe w Approbation of all wise, and the Support of all " brave, Men, are sentenced to Botany Bay; a Pu* " qishment hitherto inflicted only on Felons.

" Resolved, That we see with Regret, but we see without Fear, that foe Period is fast approaching, when the Liberties of Britons must depend " not upon Reason, to which they have long appealed, nor on their Powers of expressing it, but " on their firm and undaunted Resolution to ofpose Tyranny by the same Means by which it is " exercised.

" Resolved, That we approve of the Conduct of foe " British Convention, who though assailed by Force " have not been answered by Arguments; and who, " unlike the Members of a certain Assembly, have " no Interest distinct from foe common Body of the " People.

" Resolved, That a Copy of the above Resolu* " tions be transmitted to Citizen Secret

" tary to foe British Convention, who is now im* " prisoned under Colour of Law in foe Tolbooih of " Edinburgh

Subsequent to this Period the Books of the Society are full of repeated Declarations of Approbation and Attachment, addressed to Muir, Palmer, Skirving, Margarot, and Gerald, the Persons recently convicted of Sedition by the Court of Justiciary in Scotland; and of the most violent and inflammatory Attacks on the Proceedings of that Court.

Your Committee have thus far traced separately some of foe leading Proceedings of this Society, as appearing from foe Entries in their own Books: Before they take Notice of those of a more recent Date, and which are in the present Moment of more immediate Importance, it becomes necessary to give an Account of foe other Society, called The London Corresponding Society, because the Measures which have been adopted during the last Six Weeks appear to have been the Result of a more particular and intimate Concert between foe Two Societies.

It appears from the Evidence before your Committee, that foe London Corresponding Society meets occasionally in a Body, but that its ordinary Meetings are in separate Divisions in different Parts of foe Town;

34 Geo. III. ltf Mail

603

Town; that the Number of these Divisions has been gradually increasing; and that there ' are now about Thirty of them established. That thote is a Secretary to fcadi Division, another to the whole Body, and a General Committee formed from One Member of each Division. That when the Society originally mef (which is stated to have been in 1792) it Consisted of about Two hundred Persons, but that in about Six Months it had considerably increased, and it. was agreed that it should divide itself into Ten different Divisions; that afterwards it was the Plan, that when the Numbers of any Division amounted to more than Thirty, they should divide themselves again. — That this has not been strictly adhered to; but nevertheless, in some Instances, several separate Divisions have been formed out of One. One of these Divisons is said now to consist of Six hundred Persons, and the Number of the others to be various.

It farther appears, that this Socieey has been in the Habit of corresponding with the Societies in the Country, particularly at Sheffield, Manchester, Bristol, Coventry, Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Norwich, Birmingham, Leeds, Newcastle upon Tyne,

York, Hereford, Edinburgh, and different Societies in Scotland.

This Society appears likewise, in the Course of the Year 1792, to have presented an Address to the French Convention, of a Nature similar to that from the Society for Constitutional Information, and to have communicated it to this latter Society, in whose Book it is entered.

The Committee are not enabled to lay before the House a connected Statement of the Proceedings of the Corresponding Society, from the Time of its Institution, as the Committee are not in Possession of any regular Journal of them. — But they think it right here to insert a printed Paper, which was fbund in the Custody of the Secretary of the Society, and contains an Address stated to have been agreed upon at a General tyfeeting of this Society, on the 20th of January last-

[The following is a Copy of the said printed Paper.}

" At a General Meeting of the London Corresponding Society, held at the Globe Tavern, " Strand, on Monday the 20th Day of January, " 1794; Citizen John Martin in the Chair. " The following Address to the People of " Great Britain and Ireland -was read, and " agreed tjo.

"CITIZENS.

" WE find the Nation involved in a War, by " which, in the Course of ONE Campaign, immense Numbers of our Countrymen have been " slaughtered; avast Expence'has been incurred,

our Trade; Commerce, and Manufactories, are ' " almost destroyed, and many of o&r Manufacturers " and Artists are ruined, and their Families " starving.

" To add to our Affliction, we have Reason to " expect, that other Taxes will soon be added to the " intolerable Load of Imposts and Impositions with " which we are already overwhelmed; for the Purpose " of defraying the Expences which have been incurred, " in a fruitless Crusade, to re-establish the odious " Despotism of France.

"When we contemplate the Principles of this " War we confess ourselves to be unable to approve " of it, as a Measure, either of Justice or Discretion; " — and if we are to form our Calculation of the " Result, from what has already passed, we can only " look forward to Defeat and the eternal Disgrace of " the British Name.

" While we are thus engaged in an expensive Von. 49*

" and ruinous Foreign War; our State at Home is FintReport " not less deplorable. from Com-

" We are every Day told, by those Persons who ""t*08 0*

" are interested in supporting the Corruption List, ecr*c^'

" and an innumerable Host of Sinecure Placemen,

" that the Constitution of England, is the Perfection of Human Wisdom; that our Laws (we " should rather say Their Laws) are the persection of Justice; and that their Administration n of those Laws is so impartial and so ready, as to " afford an equal Remedy, both to the Rich, and " to the Poor; by Means of which, we are said " to be placed in a State of absolute Freedom,

" and that Our Rights and Liberties are so well secured to us, as to render all Invasion of them " impossible.

" When we ask, how we enjoy these transcendant Privileges; we are referred to MAGNA " CHARTA, and the BILL of RIGHTS; and " the glorious REVOLUTION, in the Year " 1688, is held out to us, as the Bulwark of British " Liberty.

" Citizens:

" We have referred to Magna Charta, to the Bill " of Rights, and to the Resolution, and we certainly

" do find that our Ancestors did establish wise and " wholesome Laws: But we as certainly find, that, of " the venerable Constitution of our Ancestors, haidly " a Vestige remains.

" The only Chapters of the Great Charter which " are now in legal Existence, are the 14th and " 29th.

" The important Provision of the 14th Chapter,

" runs thus:

" ‘ A Freeman shall not be amerced for a small " Fault, but after the Manner of the Fault; and " for a great Fault after the Greatness thereof, saving to him his Contenement; And a Merchant " likewise, saving to him his Merchandize; And " any Other's Villain than ours shall be likewise " amerced, saving to him his Wainage; And none " of the said Amerciaments shall be assessed, but " by the Oath of honest and lawful Men of the " Vicinage," '

" But Dy the usurped Power of the Judges, in " assessing Fines (and what Fines!!) in the Cases of " Midemeanour; this glorious Right of the Subject,

" of having the re Fines assessed by the Jury, (the " only possible Protection from' Slavary and the " vilest Oppression) is unjustly and infamously ravished from us.

" The Provision of the 29th Chapter, runs " thus:

" ‘ No Freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or " be disseised of his Freehold, or Liberties, or free " Customs, or be outlawed, or exiled, or any otherwise destroyed, nor we will not pass upon him, nor " condemn him, but by the lawful Judgment of his " Peers, or by the Law of the Land. We will sell to " no Man, we will not deny, or defer to any Man,

" either Justice or Right." '

" The various Methods now in constant Practice " by which the Benefits of this Provison are totally " defeated and destroyed, might induce us to suppose, that the GREAT CHARTER has been " repealed; if we did pot assuredly know, that it " is the fundamental Basis of our Constitution;

" which even the REAL Representatives of the " People (much less the miserable Nominee? of " HELSTONE and OLD SARUM) have not the " Right, nor (as we trust it will be found by Rxperience) foe POWER to repeal. Yet what do " we find in Practice ? Unconstitutional and illegal " INFORMATIONS EX OFFICIO, that is, the " arbitrary Will of the King's Attorney General,

" usurping

16° M

First Report from Committee of Secrecy.

604

" usurping the Office of the ACCUSING Jury; " and the interested Oath of a vile common Informer, with the Judgment of as vile a common " trading or pensioned Justice, substituted in the " Room of our Birth-right, an impartial Trial . " our Country.

" Add to this, that the exhorbitant Expence of " Judicial Proceedings, the novel Practice of arbitrarily "and repeatedly annulling the Verdicts, " of Juries, and the dilatory Practice of the Courts, " most openly and shamefully contradict the Clause . " which forbids the Denial, the Delay and the Sale " of Justice.

" A Man accused of Felony (for which by the " Common Law of England, his Life and Goods " are forfeited) may be bailed on finding Two . " Sureties for Forty Pounds each; but upon a " Charge of MISDEMEANOUR by only, " Bail to the Amount of ONE THOUSAND " POUNDS has been demanded.

" Upon Conviction also, for such Misdemeanour, " enormous Fines, long and Cruel Imprisonments " unknown to.our ancient Laws, and unsanctioned " by any new Statutes, have of late (and but of " late) been too frequently and too oppressively " inflicted. And all this, although by this Bill of " Rights it is declared, that, ‘ excessive Bail shall " ‘ not be demanded, nor cruel and unusual Punish‘ ments inflicted.'

" If we look to IRELAND we find that acknowledged Privilege of the People to meet " for the Support and Protection of their Rights " and Liberties, is attempted, by Terror, to be " taken away by a late infamous Act of Parliament: Whilst Titles of Honour? — No, but of " dishonour — are lavished; and new Sources of " Corruption opened, to gratify the greedy Prostitution of those, who are the Instruments of this " Oppression.:

" In SCOTLAND, the Wicked Hand of Power " has been impudently exerted, without even the " wretched formality of an Act of Parliament. " Magistrates have forcibly intruded into the peacefill and lawful Meetings of Freemen; and, by " Force, (not only without Law, but against Law) have, under Colour of Magisterial Office, interrupted their Deliberations, and prevented their Association.

" The Wisdom and good Conduct of the BRITISH CONVENTION at has

been such as to defy their bitterest Enemies to tc name the Law which they have broken; notwithstanding which, their Papers have been seized, and " made use of as Evidence against them,. and many " virtuous and meritorious Individuals, have been, " as cruelly as unjustly, for their virtuous Actions, " digraced and destroyed by infamous and illegal " Sentences of Transportation. And these unjust " and wicked Judgments have been executed with " a Rancour and Malignity* never before known " in this Land; our respectable and beloved fellow " Citizens have been cast Fettered into Dungeons " amongst Felons in the Hulks, to which they were " not sentenced.

" CITIZENS;

"We all approve the Sentiments, and are Daily " repeating the Words, for which these our respectable and valuable Brethren are thus unjustly and " inhumanly suffering. We too, associate, in order " to obtain a fair, free, and full Representation of " the People, in a House of real National Representatives. Are we also willing to be treated as " Felons, for claiming this our inherent Right, " which we are determined never to forego but

A. 1794.

" with our Lives, and which none but Thieves and " Traitors can wish to withhold from us ? Consider, " it is one and the same corrupt and corrupting " Influence which at this Time domineers in Ireland, Scotland, and England. Can you believe that " those, who send virtuous Irishman and Scotchmen fettered with Felons to Botany-Bay, do not " meditate and will not attempt to seize the first " Moment to send us after them ? Or if we had not " just cause to apprehend the same inhuman Treatment; if, instead of the most imminent Danger, " we were in perfect Safety from it; should we not " disdain to enjoy any Liberty or Privilege whatever, in which our honest Irish and Scotch Brethren did not equally and as fully participate with " us ? their Cause then and ours is the same. And " it is both our Duty and our Interest to stand or " fall together. The Irish Parliament and the " Scotch Judges, actuated by the same English Influence, have brought us directly to the Point. " There is no farther Step beyond that which they " have' taken. We are at Issue. We must now " chuse at once either Liberty or Slavery for ourselves and our Posterity. Will you wait till " BARRACKS are erected in every Village, and " till subsidized Hessians and Hanoverians are upon u us?

" You may ask perhaps, By what Means shall we " seek Redress?

" We answer, That Men in a state of civilized Society are bound to seek Redress of the Grievances " from the Laws; as long as any Redress can be " obtained by the Laws. But our common Master " whom we serve (whose Law is a Law of Liberty, " and whose Service is perfect Freedom) has taught " us not to expect to gather Grapes from Thorns, " nor Figs from Thistles. We must have Redress " from our own Laws and not from the Laws of our " Plunderers, Enemies and Oppressors.

" THERE IS NO REDRESS FOR A NATION CIRCUMSTANCED AS WE ARE, " BUT IN A FAIR, FREE, AND FULL REPRESENTATION OF THE PEOPLE.

" RESOLVED, That, during the ensuing Session " of Parliament, the General Committee of this " Society do meet Daily, for the Purpose of watching the Proceedings of the Parliament, and of " the Administration of the Government of this " Country. And that upon the first Introduction " of any Bill, or Motion, inimical to the Liberties " of the People, such as, for LANDING FOREIGN TROOPS IN or

" IRELAND, for suspending the HABEAS CORPUS ACT, for proclaiming MARTIAL LAW, " OR FOR PREVENTING THE PEOPLE " from MEETING IN SOCIETIES for CONSTITUTIONAL INFORMATION, or any " OTHER INNOVATION of a similar Nature, " that, on any of these Emergencies, the General " Committee shall issue Summonses to the Delegates of each Division, and also , to the Secreta-"ries of the different Societies affiliated and corresponding - with this Society, forthwith to call a GENERAL CONVENTION of the PEOPLE, " to be held at such Place and in such a Manner as " shall be specified in the Summons, for the Purpose of taking such Measures into their Consideration.

" Resolved, That the preceding Address and " Resolution be signed by the Chairman, and printed " and published.

" J. MARTIN, Chairman.

" T. HARDY, Secretary."

34 Geo. III.

16° Mail 605

" COMMITTEE ROOM, January 23, 1794.

" RESOLVED UNANIMOUSLY,

44That a Hundred thousand Copies of the Address to the People of Great Britain and Ireland, voted at the General Meeting, be printed and distributed by the Society.

" Resolved Unanimously. That the following Toasts, 44 drank at the Anniversary Dinner of the Society, be 41 printed at the End of the Address.

" I. THE RIGHTS OF MAN; and may Britons never want Spirit to assert them.

" II. The British Convention, lately held at Edinburgh', and Success to the important Object it had in View.

" III. Citizen William Skirvin, charged by the " Sentence of the Court of Justiciary, with the Honour of being the Cause of calling that Convention.

" IV. The London Corresponding Society, and other " patriotic Societies of Great Britain and Ireland.

" V. Citizen Maurice Margarot, the condemned Delegate of this Society; and may his manly and patriotic Conduct be rewarded by the Attachment t)f 44 the People." —

" Citizen Gerrald then arose, and in a Stream of inspiring Eloquence, pronounced the just Eulo- gium of this truly valuable Citizen, so empha- tically called by Citizen Aitchinson (one of the " Witnesses on his Trial) the SECOND SIDNEY. 44 He concluded with wishing we might rather die the last of British Freemen, than live the First of Slaves." —

44 VI. Citizen Joseph Gerrald, the other Delegate of this Society, now under Prosecution; and may his concluding Sentiment be engraved upon every British Heart.

44 VII. The Transactions at Toulon. May Britons remember them as they ought, and profit by dear bought Experience.

44 VIII. Citizen Hamilton Roan, and the other true Patriots of Ireland', and may the Authors of the Convention Bill find that they have committed a Bull.

44 IX. Citizens Muir, and Palmer — May their Sentence be speedily reversed, and Botany Bay be peopled with a Colony of real Criminals.

44 X. Success to the Arms of Freedom against whomsoever directed; and Confusion to Despots with whomsoever allied.

44 XI. All that is good in every Constitution', and may we never be superstitious enough to reverence in any, that which is good for nothing.

44 XII. Citizen Thomas Paine — May his Virtue rise superior to Calumny and Suspicion, and his Name still be dear to Britons.

44 XIII. Lord Loughborough, the Earl of Moira, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and the other Apostates from Liberty; 44 and may they enjoy the Profits of their Apostacy so long as they live.

44 XIV. A speedy and honourable Peace with the brave Republic of France.

44 XV. The starving Manufacturers and neglected Peasantry of Great Britain and Ireland.

44 XVI. Citizen John Frost; and a speedy Resto- ration of that Health, which he lost in the Dungeons of Newgate.

44 XVII. The virtuous and spirited Citizens, now in Confinement for Matters of Opinion: and may we shew them by our Conduct, that they are not forgotten."

On this Paper, it appears unnecessary to offer any Comment, or to do more than call the Attention of the House to the concluding Resolution.

On the 27th of March the Society sent a Letter to the Society for Constitutional Information, to which

Vo L. 49.

the Committee also feel it right to call the Attention of First Report the House, as it led to the particular Concert, already of Committee taken Notice of, between the Two Societies, and to the Secrecy, recent Measures founded thereupon, which now remain to be taken Notice of.

This Letter, and the Resolutions of the Two Societies in consequence, are stated in a printed Paper, which was likewise found in the Custody of the Secretary of the Society, a Copy of which is here subjoined. They are also entered in the Book' of the Society for Constitutional Information.

44 March 27th, 1794.

44 To the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information.

44 Citizen,

" I am directed by the London Correspond- ing Society, to transmit the following Resolu- tions to the Society for Constitutional Information, and to request the Sentiments of that Society respecting the important Measures which the present Juncture of Affairs seems to require.

44 The London Corresponding Society conceives that the Moment is arrived when a full and ex- plicit Declaration is necessary from all the Friends ‘

44 of Freedom. Whether the late illegal and un- heard of Prosecutions and Sentences shall deter- mine us to abandon our Cause, or shall excite us to pursue a radical Reform with an Ardor pro- portioned to the Magnitude of the Object, and with a Zeal as distinguished on our Parts as the Treachery of others in the same glorious 'Cause is notorious. The Society for Constitutional Information is therefore required to determine whether or no they will be ready, when called upon, to act in Conjunction with this and other Societies to obtain a fair Representation of the People. Whether they concur with us in seeing the Necessity of a speedy Convention, for the Purpose of obtaining, in a constitutional and le- gal Method, a Redress of those Grievances under which we at present labour, and which can only be effectually removed by a full and fair Re- presentation of the People of Great Britain. The London Corresponding Society cannot but remind their Friends, that the present Crisis demands all the Prudence, Unanimity, and Vigour, that ever was or can be exerted by Men or Britons; nor do they doubt but that manly Firmness and Coh- sistency will finally, and they believe shortly, ter- minate in the full Accomplishment of all their Wishes.

44 I am, Fellow Citizen,

44 (In my humble Measure)

44 A Friend to the Rights of Man,

44 T. HARDY, Secretary.

44 Resolved Unanimously.

44 I. That dear as Justice and Liberty are to Britons, yet the Value of them is comparatively'

44 small without a Dependence on their Permanency;

44 and there can be no Security for the Continuance of any Right but in equal Laws.

44 II. That equal Laws can never be expected ,44 but by a full and fair Representation of the People.

44 To obtain which, in the Way pointed out by the Constitution, has been and is the sole Object of this Society. For this we are ready to hazard every Thing, and never, but with our Lives, will we relinquish an Object which involves the Happiness,

44 or even the political Existence, of ourselves and Posterity.

44 III. That it is the decided Opinion of this So- ciety, that to secure ourselves from future illegal and scandalous Prosecutions, to prevent a Repe- tition of wicked and unjust Sentences, and to recal those wise and wholesome Laws that have

7 P 44 been

606

16* Mail

A. 1794.

First Report of Committee of Secrecy.

" been wrested from us, and of which scarcely a " Vestige remains, there ought to be immediately " a Convention of the People, by Delegates deputed for that Purpose from the different Societies of the Friends of Freedom assembled in the " various Parts of this Nation. And we pledge " ourselves to the Public, to pursue every legal " Method speedily to accomplish so desirable a * Purpose.

" It was resolved by the Society for Constitutional Information, That their Secretary should " assure the London Corresponding Society, that " they heartily approved of their Intentions, and " would co-operate with them in obtaining an Object of so much Importance to the Peace and " Happiness of Society. And that he also request " the London Corresponding Society to send a Delegation of its Members to confer upon the " Subject, with an equal Number of the Society for " Constitutional Information."

" A Meeting of die Delegates from the Two " Societies being held, they came to the following " Resolutions.

Resolved,

" First, That it appears to this Committee, very " desirable, that a Convention or General Meeting " of the Friends of Liberty should be called, for the " Purpose of taking into Consideration the proper " Methods of obtaining a full and fair Representation " of the People.

" Second, That it be recommended to the Society for Constitutional Information, and Londtm " Corresponding Society, to institute a regular and " pressing Correspondence with all those Parts of " the Country where such Measures may be likely " to be promoted, not only to instigate the Societies " already formed, but to endeavour also to produce " such other Associations as may further the general " Object.

" Third, That it appears to this Committee, " that the general Object would be promoted if a " Standing Committee of Co-operation between " the Two Societies were established, for the Purpose " of holding Personal Communication with such " Members of similar Societies in other Parts of the Country, as may occasionally be in , and who

may be authorized by their respective Societies to act with such Committee."

" The above Resolutions being reported to the Society for Constitutional Information, it was by them resolved, that the same should be entered on their Books, as Part of the Proceedings of the Society; and the Committee of Correspondence was appointed, to co-operate with the Committee of the London Corresponding Society, in Conformity with the Third Resolution."

It further appears, from Correspondence of a recent Date between different Societies in the Country and the Secretary of the Corresponding Society, that some Time in the Course of a few Weeks past.

tt

tt

tt

tt

4t

tt

if

tt

a

a

it

u

u

tt

a

it

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

n

a

a

u

it

tt

tt

tt

tt

it

tt

it

it

Letters had actually been sent to different

Circular Parts of the Kingdom, on the Subject of assembling a Convention, and a printed Paper to this Effect has been found in the Custody of the Secretary to the Society; which is here inserted, and which your Committee have good Reason to believe is a Copy of the Circular Letter referred to.

[The following is a Copy of the said printed Paper.] "CITIZENS!

" The critical Moment is arrived, and Britons " must either assert with Zeal and Firmness their " Claims to Liberty, or yield without Resistance to " the Chains that ministerial Usurpation is forging " for them. Will you co-operate with us in the

only peaceable Measure that now presents itself with any Prospect of Success? We need not intimate to you that, notwithstanding the unparalleled Audacity of a corrupt and overbearing Faction, which at present tramples on the Rights, and Liberties of the People, our Meetings cannot in England be interrupted without the previous Adoption of a Convention Bill; a Measure it is our Duty to anticipate, that the Ties of Union, may be more firmly drawn, and the Sentiments and Views of the different Societies throughout the Nation be compared, while it is yet in our Power, so as to guide and direct the future Operations of the Friends of Freedom. Rouse then to one Exertion more; and let us shew our Consciousness of this important Truth — " If we are to be beaten down with Threats, Prosecutions* and illegal Sentences, we are unworthy — we are incapable of Liberty." — We must, however, be expeditious. Hessians and Austrians are already among us; and, if we tamely submit, a Cloud of these armed Barbarians may shortly be poured in upon us. Let us form, then, another British Convention. We have a central Situation in our View, which we believe would be most convenient for the whole Island; but which we forbear to mention, (entreating your Confidence in this Particular) till we have the Answer of tho Societies with which we are in Correspondence. Let us have your Answer, then, by the 20th, at farthest, earlier if possible, whether you approve of the Measure, and how many Delegates you can send, with the Number also, if possible, of your Societies.

" We remain yours,

" in Civic Affection,

« THE LONDON CORRESPONDING " SOCIETY.

" HARDY, Secretary.

" For the Management of this Business we have " appointed a Secret Committee; you will judge how " far it is necessary for you to do the same."

Subsequent to the Proceedings now stated, there was another General Meeting of the Corresponding Society, held at Chalk Farm; the Proceedings of which are stated in a printed Paper likewise found on the Secretary of the Society, and which your Committee find has been circulated by Order of the Society.

This Paper is here inserted (as follows:)

" At a GENERAL MEETING of the London " Corresponding Society, held on the Green at " Chalk Farm, on Monday the 14th of April, " 1794; J. LOVETT in the Chair; The " following Letters were read.

TO THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SOCIETY OF THE FRIENDS OF THE PEOPLE.

" Sir,

" At a Crisis so important as the present, there needs no Apology on the Part of the " London Corresponding Society," for addressing itself to all other associated Societies, who have in View the same Object as themselves.

" To the " Society of the Friends of the People," Arguments are not wanting to shew the Importance and absolute Necessity of a full and fair Representation of the People of Great Britain. They have investigated the Subject for themselves; they have exposed to the World a Series of plain and indisputable Facts, which must excite in the Mind of every Man well disposed to his Country, Apprehensions of Alarm for the Security of the

* few

it

tt

it

tt

ft

tt

tt

tt

tt

it

it

34 Geo. III.

" few remaining Vestiges of Liberty, from which, as " Britans, we derive Consolation.

" Deeply impressed with Considerations of this " Nature, the London Corresponding Society earnestly solicits, at this Time, the Concurrence and " Assistance of the Society of the Friends of the " in assembling as speedily as the Nature of the " Business will admit, a Convention of the Friends " of Freedom, for the Purpose of obtaining in a legal " and constitutional Method, a full and effectual Representation.

"Our Request is not made from the Impressions " of the Moment, but after the maturest Delibera-

tions on the Value and Importance of the Object " for which we are contending, and of the Difficulties we may expect from those whose present " Interests render them hostile to the Welfare of " their Country.

" The Opposition of such Persons is no small " Argument for the Goodness of our Cause; and " their late Conduct, when compared with their former " Professions, exhibits a Depravity, unparalleled, we " trust, on the Page of History.

" Under the Auspices of apostate Reformers, we " have lately beheld serious and alarming Encroach- ments on the Liberties of the People.

" We have sear with Indignation and Horror, Men " legally and peaceably assembled, dispersed by unconstitutional Powers, and their Papers seized.

"We have seen some of our most virtuous Brethren, whose only Crime has been an Imitatiob of " Mr. Pitt, and his Associates, sentenced to Fourteen Years Transportation, without the Sanction " of Law or even of Precedent, of which Number,

" One was held up in the British Parliament as " convicted and condemned, before he was even put upon his Trial.

" The insidious Attempts also to introduce Foreign " Troops into this Country, without the Consent of " Parliament, and the intended Bill to embody Foreigners into His Majesty's Service, are Measures " sufficiently calculated to awaken our Fears for the " Existence even of the Name of Liberty. Nor " can we overlook that Part of the present System of Corruption, which maintains out of the " Public Plunder, a Train of Spies, more dangerous " to Society than so many Assassins, whose avowed " Business is to destroy die Friends of the Country, One by One.

" These are Grievances which demand immediate " Redress, and when added to those Evils which are " necessarily connected with every partial Representation of the People, call for the strenuous Exertions of every Lover of his Country.

" But we are told that the present is not the " Time for Reform, and that Innovation may mtroduce Disturbance. Are those Persons to judge " of the proper Time to make a Reform, who exist " only by Corruption ? Are the People of Britain " to endure every Thing without repining, without ardently seeking a radical Reform, because " Disturbances may happen ? Have the Enemies to " Reform told us whence these Disturbances are to " originate? — Has a single Overt Act been committed by the Friends to Freedom ? Have not " all the Riots, all the public Disturbances, all the " seditious Assemblies, been excited by the Enemies " to Reform? And do they mean to tell us that " they will still find other Instruments for their " wicked Designs; that they have yet those who will " act over again the Outrages that have been perpetrated in some Parts of Britain, and attempted in " others ?

" If such is the Determination of those Persons " hostile to afair Representation, let them look to the Vo l. 49.

GOT

" Consequences, but let them recollect that it has hap- First Repwt pened, and may happen again, that those who of Committee " kindled the Flames have perished by them. Secrecy;

" The Friends to Reform are Friends to Peace,

" their Principles can be promoted only by peaceable " Means, they know of no other Method of obtaining " the Object they desire. But they will not be " alarmed by the Threats of venal Apostates, they will " not draw back because they have seen some of their " best Friends doomed to Exile. They will pursue " the Course in which they have began, and turn " neither to the Right nor to the Left.

" Convinced as me London Corresponding Society " is, that as there is no Powder which ought, so there " is no Power which can finally withstand the just " and steady Demands of a People resolved to be " Free; they will therefore look with Confidence to " the Determination, and they hope to the Co-operaturn of the " Society of the Friends of the People,"

" in the Attainment of an Object which involves the " dearest Interests of Society.

" Convinced also that their Intentions ate of the " purest Kind, they will never stoop to answer the " Calumnies of their Enemies; but will at all Times,

" and in all Circumstances, endeavour, by Firmness " and Perseverance, to deserve the Countenance and " Approbation of the best Friends of their Country,

" the Friends of a fair Representation of the People " of Great Britain.

" I am, Sir,

" For the London Corresponding Society,

" April 4, THOMAS HARDY, Sec."

" COMMITTEE ROOMS.

" Frith-Street, April n, 1794.

" Sir,

" YOUR Letter of the 4th Instant, addressed to " Mr. Sheridan, Chairman of the FRIENDS OF " THE PEOPLE, was laid before that SOCIETY " at their Meeting on Saturday last; and they instructed their Committee to thank the LONDON " CORRESPONDING SOCIETY for their Communication, and to express the Alarm they feel in " common with every Friend of Liberty, at the late " extraordinary Proceedings of Government, so ably " detailed, and so justly reprobated by your Society. " They assure you that all the Friends of Reform " may ‘ look with Confidence to the Determination " and Co-operation' of this Society in every peaceable and constitutional Measure, which shall appear to them calculated to promote the Object of " their Institution; but they do not think that which " is recommended in your Letter, is likely to serve " its professed Purpose. They fear it will furnish " die Enemies of Reform with the Means of calummating its Advocates, and so far from forwarding " the Cause, will deter many from' countenancing " that which they approve. For these Reasons, the " Friends of the People must decline to send DeleKites to the Convention proposed by the London " Corresponding Society: — At the same Time, they " renew their Assurances of good Will, and Desire " of preserving a proper Understanding and Cordiality among all the Friends of Parliamentary " Reform, notwithstanding any Difference of Opinion " that may occur as to the best Method of accomplishing it.

" In Name, and by Order of the Committee,

" (Signed) W. BRETON, Chairman."

To Mr. T. Hardy, Secretary to the London Corresponding Society.

16° Maii.

First Report of Committee of Secrecy.

608 16°

" The following RESOLUTIONS were then passed Unanimously:

" Resolved Unanimously.

" I. THAT this Society have beheld with rising " Indignation, proportioned to the Enormity of the " Evil, the late rapid Advances of Despotism in " Britain; the Invasion of Public Security; the Contempt of popular Opinion; and the Violation of all " those Provisions of the Constitution intended to " protect the People against the Encroachments of " Power and Prerogative.

" II. That our Abhorrence and Detestation have " been particularly called forth by the late arbitrary " and flagitious Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, where all the Doctrines and " Practices of the Star Chamber, in the Times of " Charles the First, have been revived and aggravoted; and where Sentences have been pronounced " in open Violation of all Law and Justice, which " must strike deep into the Heart of every Man, " the melancholy Conviction that Britons are no " longer Free.

" III. That the whole Proceedings of the late " British Convention of the People, at Edinburgh, " are such as claim our Approbation and Applause.

" IV. That the Conduct of Citizens Margarot " and Gerald in particular,. by its strict Conformity with oqr Wishes and Instructions, and the " Ability, Firmnesss, and disinterested Patriotism " which it so eminently displayed, has inspired an " Enthusiasm of Zeal and Attachment which no Time " can obliterate, and no Persecution remove; and " that we will preserve their Names engraven on our " Hearts till we have an Opportunity to redress their " Wrongs.

"V. That any Attempt to violate those yet remaining Laws, which were intended for the " Security of Englishmen against the Tyranny of " Courts and Ministers, and the Corruption of dependent Judges, by vesting in such Judges' a " legislative or arbitrary Power (such as has lately " been exercised by the Court of Justiciary in . " land) ought to be considered as dissolving entirely the social Compact between the English " Nation and their Governors; and driving them " to an immediate Appeal to that incontrovertible " Maxim of eternal Justice, that the Safety of the " People is the Supreme, and in Cases of,

" the oklt Law.

"VI. That the arming and disciplining in this " Country, either with or without the Con&nt of Parliament, any Bands of Emigrants and Foreigners, " driven from their own Country for their known

Attachment to an infamous despotism, is an " outrageous Attempt to overawe and intimidate the " free Spirit of Britons; to subjugate them to an " Army of mercenary Cut-throats, whose Views and

"Interest must of Necessity be in direct Opposition " to those of the Nation, and that no Pretence " ever ought to induce the People to submit to so " unconstitutional a Measure.

" VII. That the unconstitutional Project of raising Money and Troops by forced Benevolencfes " (and no Benevolences collected upon Requisition " from the King or his Ministers can ever in Reality be voluntary) and the equally unjustifiable " Measure of arming one Part of the People against " the other, brought Charles the First to the Block, " and drove James the Second and his Posterity . " from the Throne; and that consequently Ministers in advising such Measures, ought to consider whether they are not guilty of High Treason.

Mail A. 1794.

" VIII. That this Society have beheld with considerable Pleasure the consistent Respect which the " House of Lords displayed for their own Constitutional Rules and Orders, on the Fourth of the " present Month, upon the Motion of Earl " hope, concerning the Interference of Ministers in the Internal Government of France; and that it " is the firm Conviction of this Society, that this " Circumstance when properly detailed, will have " a considerable Effect in convincing the Country " at large, of the true Dignity and Utility of that " Branch of HIS MAJESTY'S PARLIAMENT.

" IX. That the Thanks of this Meeting be given " to Earl Stanhope, for his manly and patriotic " Conduct during the present Session of Parliament; " a Conduct which (unsupported as it has been in the Senate, of which he is so truly honourable a " Member) has, together with the timely Interfefence of certain spirited and patriotic Associations, " been nevertheless already productive of the salutary " Effect of chasing the Hessian and Hanoverian "Mercenaries from our Coasts; who, but for these " Exertions, might have been marched perhaps, ere " this, into the very Heart of the Country, together " with others of their Countrymen, to have peopled " the Barracks, which every where insult the Eyes " of Britons.

" X. That it is the firm Conviction of this Society, that a steady Perseverance in the same bold " and energetic Sentiments which have lately been " avowed by the Friends of Freedom, cannot fail of " crowning with ultimate Triumph, the virtuous " Cause in which we are engaged, since whatever " may be the interested Opinion of Hereditary " Senators, or packed Majorities of pretended Representatives; Truth and Liberty in an Age so " enlightened as the present, must be Invincible and " Omnipotent."

" This Society having already addressed M. Mar-

" g8tot, their Delegate, an ADDRESS to JOSEPH GERALD, was read as follows, and carried unanimously:

" To JOSEPH GERALD, a Prisoner " fenced by the High Court of Justiciary " of Scotland, to Transportatiofi beyond the " Seas for FOURTEEN YEARS!

" We behold in you, our beloved and respected " Friend and Fellow-citizen, a Martyr to the " Glorious Cause of Equal Representation, and we " cannot permit you to leave this degraded Country, without expressing the infinite Obligations " the People at large, and we in particular, owe to " you, for your very spirited Exertions in that " Cause upon every‘Occasion; but upon none " more conspicuously, than during the Sitting of the " British Convention of the PEOPLE at " Edinburgh, and the consequent Proceeding (we * will not call it Trial) at the Bar of the Court of " Justiciary.

"We know not which most deserves our Admiration, the* splendid Talents with which you are " so eminently distinguished; the exalted Virtues " by which they have been directed; the Perseveranee and undaunted Firmness which you so nobly " displayed in resisting the Wrongs of your insulted " and oppressed Country; or your present manly " and philosophical Suffering under an arbitrary, " and till of late unprecedented Sentence; a Sentence, one of the most vindictive and cruer that " has been pronounced since the Days of that most " infamous and ever-to-be-detested Court of Star

" Chamber,

609

34 Geo. III. W'Maii.

" Chamber, the enormous Tyranny of which cost the " first Charles his Head.

" To you and to your Associates we feel ourselves most deeply indebted. For us it is that you " are suffering the Sentence of Transportation with " Felons, the vilest Outcasts of Society ! For us " it is that you are doomed to the inhospitable " Shores of New Holland; where, however, we doubt not you will experience considerable Alleviation by the Remembrance of that virtuous " Conduct for which it is imposed on you, and by " the sincere Regard and Esteem of your Fellow " Citizens.

" The Equal Laws of this Country have, for " Ages past, been the Boast of its Inhabitants: " But whither are they now fled ? We are animated by the same Sentiments, are daily repeat- ing the same Words, and committing the same " Actions, for which you are thus infamously sentenced; and we will repeat and commit them " until we have -obtained Redress; yet we are unpunished! either therefore the Law is Unjust towards you in inflicting Punishment on the Exer- tions of Virtue and Talents, or it ought not to deprive us of our Share in the Glory of the Martyrdom.

"We again, therefore, pledge ourselves to you and " to our Country, never to cease demanding our Rights " from those who have usurped them, until having " obtained an Equal Representation of the People, " we shall be enabled to hail you once more with " Triumph to your Native Country.- — We wish you " Health and Happiness; and be assured, we never, " never shall forget your Name, your Virtues, nor " your Great Example.

" The London Corresponding Society.

" JOHN LOVETT, Chairman.

" THOMAS HARDY, Secretary.

" The 14th of April, 1794."

" It was also unanimously Resolved,

" That the Committee of Correspondence be directed to convey the Approbation of this Society — " I. To Archibald Hamilton Rowan, Prisoner in the " Newgate of the City of Dublin, for his unshaken " Attachment to the People, and for his spirited Assertion of their Rights.

" II. To John Philpot Curran, for his admirable " and energetic Defence of A. H. Rowan, and the Principles of Liberty, as well as for his patriotic Conduct " in Parliament

" III. To the Society of United Irishmen in " Dublin, and to exhort them to persevere in their " Exertions to obtain Justice for the People of " Ireland.

" IV. To Skit'ving, Palmer, and Muir, suffering " the same iniquitous Sentences, and in the same Cause " with our Delegates.

" V. To John Clark, and Alexander Reid, for " their so readily and disinterestedly giving Bail for " our Delegates, instigated thereto solely by their Attachment to Liberty, uninfluenced by any personal " Consideration.

VI. To Adam Gillies, Malcolm Laing, and James " Gibson, for their able Assistance given to Joseph " Gerald, at the Bar of the High Court of Justiciary at " Edinburgh.

"VII. To felicitate Thomas Walker, of Manchester, and the People at large, on the Event of his, " as well as several other late Trials, and on the De- " velopement of the Infamy of a System of Spies and " Informers.

" VIII. To Sir Joseph Mawbey, for his manly " Conduct at the late surreptitious Meeting held at " Epsom in Surrey.

Vol. 49.

" It was also unanimously Resolved, First Report

" That Two hundred thousand Copies of the Pro- of Secrecy^* ceedings and Resolutions of this Meeting be printed and published.

" J. LOVETT, Chairman.

" T. HARDY, Secretary.

" Resolved,

" That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to the " Chairman, for his manly and impartial Conduct this " Day.

" T.HARDY, Secretary."

From a Review of these Transactions your Committee feel it impossible not to conclude, that the Measures which have been stated are directed to the Object of assembling a Meeting which, under the Name of a General Convention, may take upon itself the Character of a General Representative of the People.

However at different Periods the Term of Parliamentary Reform may have been employed, it is obvious that the present View of these Societies is not intended to be prosecuted by any Application to Parliament, but, on the contrary, by an open Attempt to supersede the House of Commons in its Representative Capacity, and to assume to itself all the Functions and Powers of a National Legislature.

This Object, as what is really intended to be attained by assembling a Convention, appears expressly and pointedly stated, even as early as the 15 th of April 1793, in the Letter to the United Societies at Norwich, already referred to; and the same Letter sufficiently explains the Policy in consequence of which, subsequent to that Period, the Topic of Parliamentary Reform has been still ostensibly brought forward in some of the Communications which have been made public. As a further Illustration of this Observation, your Committee think it not immaterial to remark, that in a Letter from Margarot, at Edinburgh, to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information, in December 1793, it is particularly recommended to him not to introduce Politics in his Letter, or at least nothing but what concerns Reform. Whatever Disguise however may have been employed in an earlier Period, seems in the latter Proceedings to have been wholly relinquished.

The Object is still stated to be a fair and equal Representation of the People; but a General Convention of the People, to be chosen by the Delegates of the different Societies, is proposed for the Purpose of obtaining this End. No Mention is made of any Application to Parliament, or of any Amendment of the Representation in Parliament.

The Circular Letter, inserted in a former Part of this Report, recommends forming another British Convention, to be held in a Central Situation most convenient for the whole Island; and states the Appointment of a Secret Committee for that Purpose.

The Third Resolution passed by the Corresponding Society on the *^7th of March, and communicated to the Society for Constitutional Information, which was the Foundation of the subsequent joint Proceedings of the Two Societies, states the Object of the Convention to be for the Purpose " of securing themselves from future illegal and scandalous Prosecutions, to prevent a Repetition of wicked and unjust Sentences, and to recall those wise and wholesome Laws which have been wrested from them." Terms which appear to your Committee to be material, not so much on Account of their general inflammatory Tendency, as because they evidently point at obtaining a Redress of supposed Grievances, not by Application to Parliament, but by Acts of Authority to be exercised by themselves.

The Resolutions afterwards passed on the 14th of April, contain open Attacks on all the Branches of the Legislature, and a direct Invitation to the.

7 Q People,

A. 1794.

First Report of Committee of Secrecy.

Bill for securing suspected Persons ordered.

Motion for calling over the House. Neg.

Bill for securing suspected Per-' sons presented.

610

16° Mali.

People, to resist Measures then in the Contemplation of tine Legislature; and expressly stating, that they ought equally to be resisted, whether adopted with or without the Consent of Paurliaunent.

When, in Addition to these Considerations, the Committee reflect on the leading Circumstamces which they have adready stated, of the declared Approbation at an early Period, of the Doctrine of the Rights as stated in Paine's Publications; of the Connection and Intercourse with French Societies, and with the National Convention; amd, of the subsequent Approbation of the French System; and consider that these are the Principles which the Promoters of a Convention evidently make the Foundation of all their Proceedings; they are satisfied that the Design rfow openly professed and aLCted upon, aums at nothing less tham what is stated in His Majesty's Message, and must be considered as a Traitorous Conspiracy, for the Subversion of the established Laws and Constitution, amd the Introduction of that System of Anarchy amd Confusion which hats fatally prevauled in France.

There still remains Two Points, connected with what hats been already stated, which your Committee have not yet haul the Opportunity of investigating as fully as they wish, but which appear too importamt to be wholly passed over:

It appears to your Committee, that, in some of the Societies referred to, Proposals have been received, and that Measures have recently been taken, for providing Arms to be distributed among the Members of the Societies.

It also appears, from such Information as your Committee have hitherto had the Opportunity of receiving, that since the Apprehension of the Persons in whose Custody the Papers were found which have been referred to your Committee, there have been several Meetings of the Societies in different Pants of the Metropolis; that the Designs which were before entertained have been by no Means abandoned; and that on the contrary, there have been some Indications of a Disposition to concert Means for forcibly resisting such Measures as may be taken for defeating their Accomplishment, or for bringing the Authors and Abettors of them to Justice.

A Motion wa& made, and the Question being 'put, That Leave be given to bring in Bill to empower His Majesty to secure amd detain such Persons* as His Majesty shadl suspect are conspiring against His Person amd Government;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

201.

Buxton.

/Mr. I

'\Mr. Sheridan: J *9-

So it wais resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Chamcellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, amd Mr.

Solicitor General, do prepare, Bill.

amd bring in, the said

A Motion wa# made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{' . } 32.

Tellers for the Noes, 'fh.Atom' J201-So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons ais His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person amd Government: And the same wais received.

A Motion was made, and the Question being, put, That the said Bill be now reaid the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeat.P;^^' }r97.

{Mr. Whitbread, junior, j

Mr. Michael Angelo > 33.

Taylor: J

So it wais resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

A Motion was made, amd the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ"r- ®.e*nt Watsm‘

[Mr. Canning:

TeUersfor theNoes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now reaid a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to impower his Majesty " to secure and detaun such Persons ais his Majesty shall " suspect are conspiring aigaiinsthis Person and Government," might be read.

And the saune wais read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Preamble of am Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower his Majesty to secure amd detain " such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring aigainst his Person and Government," might be read.

And the saune was read accordingly.

The House was adso moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th day of October 1722, of his Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was adso moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 15th and 16th Days of October 1722, of the Proceedings of the House upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act " to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such " Persons as his Majesty shadl suspect are conspiring " against his Person and Government," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, this Day presented to the House, to empower His Majesty to secure and detaun such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect aure conspiring against His Person amd Government, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JMr* Burton>

letters for the 1 eas^Mr

[Mr. Michael Angelo

Tellers for die Noes, < Taylor,

[Mr. William Smith:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The

34* Geo. III.

16 9 M

611

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

}i54-

23-

Bill for se curing suspected Persons committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr.

\Mr. fMajor

\Mr. Howard:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

And the House having continued to sit till after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " immediately," and inserting the Words " at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of this Day," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " immediately," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {jMr* Smith>

}»45-

} 24.

Motion to adjourn. Neg.

24.

141.

Report from Committee of Secrecy referred.

Motion to adjourn.

Neg.

Mr. Hobart:

{Major Maitland,

Mr. Whitbread, Junior:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being again proposed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the leas, .

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Secrecy be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for Ac Yeas, } iL

Tellers for the Noes, {JJj;

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fMr.

Mr. Halhed:

}»30.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Curwen,

}l32-: }

Bill for securing suspected Persons considered.

' {i

Tellers for the Noes, {Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made Vol. 49.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Report be now received;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word, " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " at " Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of this " Day."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle, so, «he Yea, },o8.

Tellers for the Noes, {"'r- Sheridm'

13-

Mr. Grey:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the Bill for said Committee, the Amendments which the Com- securing «fs-mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ** Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time ' this Day, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River , be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Bill for preserving

French

Property

deferred.

Mariners Bill deferred.

Further Hearing of Counsel on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Billdefer-red.

Land Revenue Bill deferred.

612

House meets.

Motion to adjourn. Neg.

Order for 3d Reading of Bill for securing suspected Persons read.

Motion to adjourn. Neg.

The Lords have agreed to

Bottesford and Yaddle-thorpe Inclosure Bill.

Amendments to Sir Joseph Banks and Biscoe's Estate Bill.

17° M

A. 1794.

Sabbati, t7° Man;

Anno 34* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE House met.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, that the House do now adjourn;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 15th and 16th Days of October 1722, of the Proceedings of the House upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly;

Then the Question being put, that the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {$£ } 37-

Tellers for the Noes. }>5'-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th, 7th, 10th, 13th, 14th, and 17th Days of February 1777, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Bill to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime;of Piracy, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly,"

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle* for foe Yeas, } 33-

Tellers for foe Noes. W

So it passed in the Negative.

thereof, and to sell or exchange other Parts of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for grant* Act to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, i*g certain certain Estates- vested in Him, by reason of the At- y^tedfoUU tainders of the Persons therein named, to the De- Majestyby* scendants of such attainted Persons; without any Attainders. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Glasgow, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Renfrew, and made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His ?(arkf°'J3jj present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the lloads " Terms of Twq Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several " Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as " the same relate to the Roads from the City of " Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge,

" to The Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie,

" and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel, of " Campuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and

" frew," so far as respects the Road from the Toll

House in Paisley Lone, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The Three Mile House, in the County of Lanerk, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An New SIea, Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- ford, and dows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands, Quarrington in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of InclosureBlU-coin, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham, within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Soutfanew-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- ingtonln-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, clo3Ufe Ba1, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Althorpe In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and closure B,1L Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands, within the said Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday i^/xrial! Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pepys:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Bottesford, and Hamlet of in the Parish

of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, a Part of the settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to empower His Bill for sa- Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Ma- curing sus-jesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person the

and Government, be now read the Third Time. Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that every Person taken into Custody under this Act, who shall not be prosecuted or indicted within a limited Time, shall be delivered, or bailed.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up:

It passed in thp Negative.

A Motion

34 Geo. III.

17° — 19°

613

Bill forsecur- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ingsuspected BjU do pass.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } M*

Te',ers for«heNoe,{"°-. } ,8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be,. An Act to empower His Majesty to secure end detain such Person* as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report from Ordered, That a Copy of the Report, which was be made from the Committee of Secrecy, be communi-communicated cated to the Lords.

to the Lords.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to lease to com- jjg Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give

OttDICIitC to the % / ' O / r O

Lords the Book Leave, that the Book and Papers which have been laid fcrred'to'in before this House, by His Majesty's Command, may be King'* Message, communicated to the Lords.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Report from Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re-Committee of port, which was made from the Committee of Secrecy, Secrecy to be jjg printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the prm e . Members of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Three of the Clock on Sunday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 19° die Man;

Anno 34® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1794. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Leave, that the Book and Papers which have been laid before this House, by His Majesty's Command, might be communicated to the Lords) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty has been pleased to give Leave, that the said Book and Papers may be communicated to the Lords.

o

Ordered, That the Book and Papers presented to this House, by His Majesty's Command, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, on Tuesday and Wednesday last, be

communicated to the Lords; together with a Copy of the Report which was made from the Committee of Secrecy, to whom the said Book and Papers were referred.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to deliver to their Lordships the said Book and Papers sealed up, and also, a Copy of the said Report; and to acquaint their Lordships, that this House do desire, that the said Book and Papers may be returned to them, from Time to Time, as shall be found necessary for the Proceedings of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Windham do carry the said Message.

Answer to Address.

Book and Paper* referred to in King's Message, &c. to be communicated to the Lords.

Message to the Lords thereupon.

Corse Inclo- Me. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to sure Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open V o 1. 49.

reported.

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester, and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the same Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, if any, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 4. 1 s. 5 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 19. 4$. 9 who declared themselves neuter; and also, except one Cottager, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill is rated to the Land Tax at £ 53. os. 4 d.and there are 12 Cottagers; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill): and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Sir John Ho-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act nywood'sEs-for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John ^ed'and* Honyvooood, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or ex- pegged, changed, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gipps do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, tp whom Brocas's Ea« the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tete Bill r®' for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates, set- an tied by the Will of Bernard Brocas, Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

7 R

Ordered'

614 19*

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mayes Cha- Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, rity BUI re- to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ported, and An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Man-p ‘ Chester, in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved Yearly Rents, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him "to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Bishop of Pe- Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom amdA&h'sEs- Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

tate Bill re- *0 confirm and establish an Award made between the ported, and Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of passed. Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash, Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Paston Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in the County of Northampton (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also* belonging to the same See) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine, the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and Copyhold from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Bishop of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ely's Leases to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Bill commit- Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under one Lease, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Gordon, Mr. Hobart, c.: And they jure to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock^ in' die Speaker's Chamber.

Aberdeen The Order of the Day being read," for taking into farther Consideration the Report which was made i e «rre . from Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Limes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed;

Mail A. 1794.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Electioa Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for directing the Oaths Bill Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain pa83ed' Oaths and Decimations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lund Incl®-Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Town- »ure Bill corn-ship of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East Riding nutted-of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr.. Wilberforce, 8cc.: And they jure to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lane's Lease* to enable Thomas Lane, Esquire, to grant Budding, commit-Repairing, and Improving Leases of Estates devised to te him by Henry Bo'sville, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clapham to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of ®.1j!be Letu!* Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, commit* to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from Dover Har-the Committee, to whom the Bill for better regula- bo,r ting the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, rep0 was committed: That die Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to -he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Ohce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Comnitteeoa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill f?r b^t#r upon the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the Kent!

better

34 Geo. III.

19° Mail.

615

Committee on Bill for supplying French Islands with Corn, &c.

better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the County of Kent;

Ordered, That the Schedule^ erf Lands at the Berry Heady in Devon, proposed to be contained in the said Bill; together with the Plan of such Lands'(which were presented to the House upon Thursday last, by Mr. Sargent) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for inserting therein the Lands described in the said Schedule and Plan.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to- receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the inhabitants of the said Islands.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in future, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the individual Owners thereof, was recommitted;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Report of The House proceeded to take into further Consi-Mariners Bill deration, the Report from the Committee'of the whole *ideredC°n" House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of Vol.49.

Report of Land Revenue Bill further considered.

Bill for preserving French Property deferred.

u

British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (D), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (D), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out, after the Words " in the Seas " to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope," the Word " and."

And the Question being put, That the Word " and'' stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That no " Person who is or shall become qualified to be the Master of a British Ship or Vessel, or to be a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, by Birth, Naturalization, Denization, Conquest, or Service, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and who has taken or shall take any Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign Sovereign or State whatsoever, for any Purpose whatsoever, except under the Terms of some " Capitulation upon the Conquest of any of " the Dominions of His Majesty, His Heirs or " Successors, by any Enemy or Enemies, and " for the Purpose of obtaining the Benefit of " such Capitulation only, shall be deemed and " taken to be qualified to be the Master of a " British Ship or Vessel, or a British Sailor, " Seaman, or Mariner, within the Intent and " Meaning of any of the Laws of Navigation, " unless such Person shall have taken such " Oath of Allegiance before he became so qualifted; and any Person who shall, after having become disqualified by taking such Oath " of Allegiance as aforesaid, take the Charge *.* or Command of any British Ship or Vessel " as Master or Commander thereof, shall, for " every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum " of One hundred Pounds; and every Person " who shall, after having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a British " Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, on Board any " such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay, for " every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds; " such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered " upon Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in Great Britain, and before any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to His Majesty belonging in America: Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel, on Board whereof any Person who is so disqualified shall be employed as Master or Commander, shall be forfeited by reason thereof, if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall shew that such Disqualification of such Master or Commander was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents; and that such Disqualification of such Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his Agent or Agents, and to the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel at the Time of engaging such Person so disqualified

" to

M

U

616 19° M. A. 1794.

to serve on Board such Ship or Vessel: " Provided always, that in the Navigation on " the Seas of America and the West ,from

" any Port of America and the West Indies to " any Port of America and the West any

" Negroes belonging to any Person or Persons " being or having become His Majesty's Subjects in Manner aforesaid, and with the Qualifications aforesaid, and in the Seas to the " Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, from " any Port to the Eastward of the Cape of " Good Hope to any other Port to the Eastward " of the Cape of Good Hope, Lascars, and other " Natives of any of the Countries to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, may be employed as British Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners, in Manner heretofore practised: Provided nevertheless, that no Negro belonging " to any Person who has become a Subject of " His Majesty in Manner before described, in " any of the Islands or Colonies late under " the Dominion of his Most Christian Majesty, " shall be entitled to be employed, in Manner " before-mentioned, as a British Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, unless all the Conditions " required by an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges of Prize " Ships, under certain Regulations and Re-, " strictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign " Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to " exercise the Occupations of Merchants or " Factorsand for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a " Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, " Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the " Said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in " Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated " according to Law; and also, so much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign " of his late Majesty as amends the said Act," " shall have been complied with, so long as the " said Act shall continue in Force."

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said- Bill, as for as Clause (G), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (G), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " Kingdom" the Words " or in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, " Sark, or Man;" by inserting after the Words " or " in any of His Majesty's" the Word " other;" and by leaving out the Words " North America, or the " West Indies," and inserting the Words " or out of " Europe" instead thereof.

And the Question being put,. That after the Word " Kingdom" the Words " or in the Islands of " Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man " be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Words " or in any of His Majesty's" the Word " other" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words

North America, or the West Indies " stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " or " out of Europe " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended^ was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" And be it further Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That all and every the Goods, " Wares, or Merchandize, and all Ships or " Vessels forfeited ,by this Act, may and shall " be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ships of " War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or " Petty Officer, specially appointed by him or " them, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs; and that every Forfeiture " incurred by this Act, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided for by this " Act, may and shall respectively be sued for, " prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, " and by such and the like Ways, Means, and * Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and " the like Manner, and to such and the like " Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred " by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or reCovered, disposed of, and applied, either in " this Kingdom, or in the Islands of Jersey, " Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or in any * of His Majesty's other Dominions in or out u of Europe respectively, as the Case may " happen to be."

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (M), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (M), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " " the Words

" or the West Indies, where such Detainer and Refusal " shall be in any of the Places last-mentioned and after the Words " on such Complaint the said Justice," the Words " or other Magistrate."

And the Question being put, That after the Word " America" the Words " or the West Indies, where " such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the " Places last mentioned," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Words " on such Complaint the said Justice," the Words " or other Magistrate," be inserted; it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" And whereas by an Act, passed in the Twentyeighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually " to secure the Performance of Quarantine, ana " for amending several Laws relating to the " Revenue of Customs," certain Provisions " were, amongst other Things, made to prevent "the Masters of Ships or Vessels from wilfully " and maliciously detaining and refusing to " deliver up the Certificates of Ships Registry, " to the Prejudice of the Owners of such " Ships or Vessels: And whereas the good " Purposes intended, by those Provisions have " not been effected, and it is therefore expedient to make further Provisions for preventing the Masters of Ships or Vessels from " withholding Certificates of Registry, to the " Prejudice of the Owners of such Ships or " Vessels; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master of

617

34 Geo. III. 19° — 20° Mail

' " any Ship or Vessel, who shall have received " the Certificate of the Registry thereof (whether such Master shall be a Fart Owner, or " not) shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver " up the same to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry and grant a " Certificate thereof, on the Owner or Owners, " or the major Part of the Owners of such Ship " or Vessel, if such Master has not any Property " therein, or on the other Owner or Owners, " or the major Part of the other Owners off " such Ship or Vessel, if such Master hath any " Share or Property therein, requiring him so " to do, it may and shall be lawful to and for " the Owner or Owners, or the major Part " of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the " Certificate of Registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as " aforesaid, to make complaint, on Oath, against " the Master of the Ship or Vessel who shall " so detain and refuse to deliver up the same, " of such detainer and Refusal, to any Justice " of the Peace residing near to the Place " where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in . " Great Britain, or to any Member of the " Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of " the Peace in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, " or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, " or Territory to His Majesty belonging, in " America or the West Indies, where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the " Places last mentioned, and on such Complaint* the said Justice, or other Magistrate, " shall, and is hereby required, by Warrant " under his Hand and Seal, to cause such u Master to be brought before him to be examined touching such Detainer and Refusal; " and if it shall appear to the said Justice, " or other Magistrate, on Examination of the " Master, or otherwise, that the said Certificate " of Registry is not lost or mislaid, but is " wilfully detained by the said Master, such " Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall " forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred " Pounds; and on Failure of Payment thereof, " he shall be committed to the Common Gaol, " there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, " for such Time as the said Justice, or other " Magistrate, shall, in his Discretion, deem " proper, not being less than Six Months, nor " more than Twelve Months."

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 34. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 10, in Press 5.

Pr. 5. 1. 12. To leave out " such."

Apd the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time* Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vdi,. 49.

Martis, 20° die Maii;

Anno 34® Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren Has- Hastings. tings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Mr. Windham reported to the House, That he had, Report of De-according to their Order of Yesterday, been at the lively of Book Lords, and had delivered to their Lordships the Book "d and Papers, sealed up, together with the Copy of the Lords. Report from the Committee of Secrecy, which he was directed to communicate to the Lords; and had acquainted their Lordships, that this House do desire, that the said Book and Papers may be returned to them, from Time to Time, as shall be found necessary for the Proceedings of the House.

the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Tke L0^3

will return the Book and Papers.

3 commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords, being desirous at all Times to keep up a good Correspondence with the House of Commons, and being satisfied that it can never be more necessary than at this Juncture, will return the Book, and all or any of the Original Papers, delivered by the Commons by Message, from Time to Time, as shall be desired by the Commons: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lord* for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open have agreed and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common to Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands Elmore, and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth, and also for dividing, inclosing, and allot- Bill, ting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calms-den Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of Cemey, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tibbington for taking down ana re-building the Parish Church Church Bill, of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act VoteofCredit for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Bill-'Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses, and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Act for better Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for ^bc Ac- better examining and auditing the Public Accounts, to c*

the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the Commissionera of Sick and Hurt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to con-to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the tinue Laws Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as S*pectin^ relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary of'

Places of Confinement ;without any Amendment: At)d Offenders, also,

A Message from Spranger:

Mr Speaker, The Lords hav

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Bill to con-for further continuing an Act, made in the Fifth tinue Act re-Year of the Reign of nis late Majesty, intituled, " An !PefJ|inK.

7 S " Act BanKruPt5'

618

20° Man A. 1794.

" Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts without any Amendment: And also,

Upton Gray The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure for dividing allotting, and Inclosing, the Open and B*1* Common Fields, and Waste Lands within the Gom-

mon Fields, in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

Fleet Inclo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sure,&o. Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Droves and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cotcbit and Peakhill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, heach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise all in South Holland

in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

Thuillier's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill. for naturalizing John without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this will proceed House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the on Mr. Hast- Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow, at Two ings s Trial. of the Clock precisely, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lady Se- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to bnght's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and passed. ,a" Copyhold Estates of Dame Harriot, the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright, Baronet, late Harriot Croftes, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Accounts re- The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from lating to the the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of er^esentei L'reaf Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; yp and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to

their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed therein, which have been fitted out from Great Britain for the White Herring Fishery, for Nine Yeturs preceding the 5th of January 1794, with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland: And also,

A List of the Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed therein, that were fitted out from Great Britain for the White Herring Fishery, in the Years 1791, i 792, and 1793, together with the Quantity of Herrings caught by the said Vessels, and Amount of the Bounty; distin-

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, which have received the Tonnage Bounty granted by the Twenty-seventh of His Majesty to such

Vessels as have taken, within the Space of One Year, the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton of the Vessel's Burthen, with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland: and also,

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken in the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1794, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel, together with the Amount of the Bounty; distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing England from Scotland: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Herrings exported from Great Britain within the last Ten Years, with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon; distinguishing in each Year the Red Herrings from the White, and also distinguishing England from Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and List were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and List are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for supplying such of the French Islands, aB may be in corn His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of reported." Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant Accounts re-to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, lating to

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's ^nted. Treasury to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between the 9th of May 1793 and the 9th of May 1794: And also,

A Paper, intituled, "Amount of Sums allowed by " the Justices of the Peace for the within mentioned " Counties to the several Clerks of the Peace, for Business done under the Act for encouraging the Growth " of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of the Lords " Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, between u 9th May 1793 and 9th May 1794."

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the MemDers of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the Bill for better Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing Batvesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and ^ne8'&c2 Hereditaments, ^treport'

34 Geo. III. 20° — 21° — 22° M619

Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in die County of Kent, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 6. 1. l. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Vote of Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks Thanks to Sir of this House be given to Sir Charles Grey, Knight of SirJohtsJer- most Honourable Order of the Bath, for his late m, &c. able, gallant, and meritorious Conduct, in the West Indies.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir John Jervis, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, for his late able, gallant, and meritorious Conduct, in the West Indies.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General Prescott, His Royal Highness Major General Prince Edward, and Major General Thomas Dundas, and to the several Officers of the Army under the Command of Sir Charles Grey, for their late gallant Conduct and meritorious Exertions, in the West Indies.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral Thompson, and to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of Sir John Jervis, for their late gallant Conduct and meritorious Exertions, in the West Indies.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers ana Private Soldiers in the Army serving under Sir Charles Grey, in the West Indies-, and that the same be signified to them by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the Services of the Sailors and Marines serving on Board the Fleet under the Command of Sir John Jervis, in the West Indies; and that the same be signified to them by the Captains of the several Ships, who are desired to thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Mali; Anno 34° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1794-Prayers.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Trial of Mr.

Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day; and Hastings. Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from die Lords, respecting the Time at which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of the 27th Day of January last, although there were not Forty Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lords Mr. Spranger: proceed

for-Speaker, m, FSS"

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ings's Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday next, at One of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And it being after Four of the Clock, the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Seven Members only being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22°

Anno 340 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1794.

Dover Harbour Bill passed.

JL1I11C*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingroeged Bill for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, was read the Third

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and coating for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Ito regulating Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, the shipping6 An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to of Slaves. " amend, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating .* die shipping and carrying Slaves Sri British vessels f< from the Coast1 of Africa.*1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghtoti took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 49-

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Th« Lord« h.

Mr. Stranger: tSttk-

Mr. Speaker, p«ra communi-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords have referred the Book and s«wscy, &c. Papers, communicated by the Commons to their Lordships on Monday last, to a Committee of Secrecy, and have given Power to the said Committee to receive any Communication which may be made to them, from Time to Time, by the Committee of Secrecy appointed by the House of Commons: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An The Lords Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Ma- have a8reed jesty's Treasury to ascertain: what Sum shall be paid to-into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full. Satisfaction of emey* the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust' for the late Right hohdurabte Richard Rigby, in Case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to

resort

Bill respecting Tanning Hides and Skins.

Faldingworth

Inclosure Bill.

Sutton Cheney Inclosure Bill.

Sutton in Aihfield Inclosure Bill.

Thornton and Bagworth Inclosure Bill.

Ilkeston Inclosure Bill.

South Wit-ham Inclosure Bill.

Baresby and South Crox-ton Inclosure Bill.

Rufforth Inclosure Bill.

-Instruction to Committee of Secrecy to communicate with the Committee appointed by the Lords.

Huntingdonshire Writ

620

22" Mail A. 1794.

resort to the mortgaged Premisses, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of Lincoln; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of MarketBosworth, in the County of Leicester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lanas and Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Secrecy, That they have Power to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of Secrecy appointed by the Lords.

Ordered, That the Messengers be again called in, and acquainted that this House have given Power to the Committee of Secrecy, appointed by this House, to communicate, from Time to Time, with the Committee of Secrecy appointed by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Lancelot Brown, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three

Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Land Rev*. Management of the Landed Revenue of the Crown in nue future, be now read the Third Time. passed.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

passed.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for supplying flhlferup-such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's plyiogFreoch Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the ' c‘ Inhabitants of the said Islands, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Com, Meed, Flour, and Biscuit, necesseiry for the Meiintenance of the Inhabitemts of the said Islands.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, emd desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry to the Lords the Mr. Jodrellto ingrossed Bill for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, emd desire the Concurrence of to their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of B‘Nforpf the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually Pro. preserving Money or Effect9, in the Hemds of His perty defer- Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or disposable by, red. Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Farther Morning next, proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill for improving the Drainage EauBriiA of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great and King's Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Lynn Drain-Low Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of Kings Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, (tom or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall St. Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Com- Newspapers missioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the stamping Bill Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets P®8*1-of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Hurd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of, His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

34 Geo. III.

22° — 23° .

621

Committee on Insolvent Debtors Bill.

Bill to continue and amend Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several " Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and " carrying Slaves in Britishvessels from the Coast of " Africa."

Battersea Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Penitentiary ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Bill House, upon the Bill for. erecting a Penitentiary de erred. House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein described.

Mariners Bill Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, deferred. intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein men-tinned, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Maii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1794.

Praters.

Trial of Mr. r H E Managers appointed to make good the Hastings. _L Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

Corse Inclo- -An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open sure Bill and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common passed. . Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Coi-se, in the County of Gloucester, and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the same Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, if any, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 14. To leave out " for Term of Years,

" or for any."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow^, Common- Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, Vol. 49.

within the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to- the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastitigs, Esquire, on Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of ^h^toad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ioum to next. Monday.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for securing suspected Persons.

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Order for further considering the Report of Aberdeen Paving, &c. Bill discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for talking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, 'the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with freshWater; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, w as committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Rector of the Bristol Buiy-Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for ing Ground, the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same p Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Atonies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Bishop o i Lichfield and Coventry, and Sir Richard

Hill, Baronet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfac-

7 T tion

Bishop of Lichfield and Sir Richard Hill's Exchange Bill reported, and passed.

Sir A. Stirling's Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

622 23° Mail . 1794.

tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton, in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling of Glorat, Baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeonjan Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of -bury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for saving to His Majesty the Duty of New Subsidy on Tobacco, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government:

An Act for extending the Time limited, by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts, to the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt:

An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine:

An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of " Frauds by Bankrupts:"

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates vested in Him, by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons:

An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson, Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an Alien; and for discharging the same from the Right of the Crown in respect of the Alienage:

An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers:

An Act for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor:

An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by Two Parishes:

An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbihgton, in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging the reto:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Ystradgunlais, in the County of Brecon:

An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford:

An Act for improving the Outfall of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the same info the Sea, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland, by Means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place, called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence, through the inclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called The Scalp, and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands, adjoining to the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said Cut:

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Monmouth:

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of " Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, " Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of ,in the County of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, for abolishing the ancient and accustomed

Duties,

34 Geo. III. 23° Mail 623

Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of Royal Aaaeni

Port of Bridgwater aforesaid, instead thereof; for re- the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The to

gulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels Three Mile House in the Cojinty of Lanerk, and for

in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on more effectually making, repairing, widening, and

Horses, Carriages, and Cattle: keeping in Repair, the said Roads:

An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of An Act to confirm and establish an Award made be-a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins: tween the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Bishop o and the Coheirs of Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfac- interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and tion of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the Copyhold Estates, late of the said William Ash, situate late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the and being in Paston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in late Right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall the County of Northampton (the Leasehold Parts appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premisses, in the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts there-order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard of are held of Manors also belonging to the same See)

Rigby to His Majesty: in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respect

An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, tive Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolverhampton, and to distinguish the Leasehold and Copyhold from the in the County of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said Parish of Blimhill, in the said County: William Ash, deceased:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and An Act to carry into Execution certain Articles of enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament Agreement entered into between Christopher late Lord therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Bishop of Bristol, and Messieurs Gott and

repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Harry Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in die Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads Leases of Parts of his Estate, in the Parish of Leeds, in called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West the County of York, in Performance of Covenants con-Riding of the County of York: tained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the for Renewal:

Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the several Places therein mentioned, being the First William Willson, Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in District of Roads described in Two Acts of Parlia- Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton, Esquire, ment, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of on Payment of the Sum of Three thousand One hun-his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth deed and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for alter- Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the ing the Course of Part of the said Roads; and also for Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be setmaking, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Sim- tied in Lieu thereof:

mond's Ford Brook to the Turnpike Road leading *to An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon cer-Evesham, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, Beck- tain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas, Es-ford Inn, -in the said County of Gloucester, and from quire, and for applying and laying out the Money to Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from Chel- arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be tenham to Stow on the Wold, at, or near, Sireford Inn, settled to the same Uses:

in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital,

Wold, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid: in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of cer- Objects of that Charity: tain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in . An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as re- Joseph Banks, Baronet, aPart of the settled Estates of Iates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove, Elisha Biscoe, Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, Purchase thereof, and to sell, or exchange, other Parts and for making a more commodious Road near the of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the Money Town of Dudley: arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to a Place called Black Grove, in the Parish of Rawreth, the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or ex-over Battle's Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the changed:

County of Essex: An Act for establishing and confirming certain Ar-

An Act for making and repairing several Roads tides of Agreement for an Exchange between the leading across the County of Stirling: Principal ana Scholars of the King's Hall and College of

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in Brasen Nose, in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden, the Counties of Clackmanan and Perth: of Buscot Park, in the County of Berks, Esquire:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premisses situate in His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, devised by die " the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Will of Lumley Arnold, Esquire, deceased, and for " and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase Majesty King George the Second, for repairing 6eve- of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled,

" ral Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the " as the same relate to the Roads from the City of said Will are declared of and concerning the said " Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Leasehold Premisses:

" Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from An Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire,

" the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of " in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as his Estate in die Parish of Saint John, Wapping, in the respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lone, County of Middlesex:

at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church Vot. 49. of

624

23° Mail A. 1794

Royal Assent of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln,

to Bills. with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelsey, fcpm and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice:

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster', called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved Yearly Rents:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or

exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Waldby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York;

An Act for confirming and establishing the Divi- sion, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open or Common Fields, and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manors and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Dowijs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk, in the North Riding of the County of York: An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Un-inclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Tolpudle, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ake cunt Slockholt, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Skillington, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Arnesby, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for regulating the Manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Alm in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Belton, in the County, of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within Lower Pillarton, otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Crawley, in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Sutton, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing- and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field, called Port Field, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Commons, Common Meadows, and Chmmon Fields, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Hereford; and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas, in the County of Chester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham, within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Bottesford, and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in

Mariners Bill passed.

34 Geo. III. 23° Mail

the Parish of North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Droves and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fleet, in the County of L; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining, -preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, beach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Saint

Nicholas, otherwise Lutt'on, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands within the Common Fields, in the Parish of Upton Gray, in the County of Southampton

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodlands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the Parish of Market in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Faldingworth, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rufforth, in the County of the City of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton, in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land, and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, used or enjoyed therewith:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Witham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ilkeston, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bag-worth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing John

Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

The said Order being read accordingly The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

[Poultry Compter Debtors Petition.]

A Petition of the Debtors on the Common Side of the Poultry Compter, was presented to the House, and read; Praying the House to extend the Relief, intended by the present Insolvent Bill, to all deserving honest Insolvents imprisoned for Debt since the 1st day of January last, up to such Date as may leave no honest Debtor in Prison to lament an Exclusion without a just Cause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill for prefurther Consideration the Report from the Committee serving of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effec- Fl^CjJ>ro" tually preserving Money or Effects in the Hands of fared.

His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeon a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Bill to con-of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Par- ^regulating liament, intituled, "An Act to continue^ for a li- the shipping " mited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parlia- of Slaves.

" ment, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committeeon whole House, upon the Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground House Bill, in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein described.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to Pease's Estate whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill reported, Act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, and Anne PM8ed‘ his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands,- Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the.

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock. '

And he moved the House accordingly.

7 U And

Lance's Leases Bill reported, and passed.

Lund Inclo-eure Bill reported.

Bishop of Ely's Leases Bill reported, and passed.

626-

23° — 26° Mail A. 1794.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° die Mail;

Anno 34° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1794. Prayers.

MR John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Esquire, to

Kt building, repairing, and improving Leases of tes devised to him by Henry Bosville, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and' Wastes, within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under One Lease, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Francis Baring reported from the Committee, Beaconsfield to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and to re- and Stoken-duce into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late rep° Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the County of Kent, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Adjourned Consideration of Report of Bill for better securing Batteries, &c. in Kent resumed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the insolvent Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- Debtors Bill grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the rePorte<1-Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 31. After " Money" insert " or"

1. 32. Leave out " or otherwise," and insert " for Non-payment of " Money."

Pr. 4. 1. 2. After " same" insert " shall."

1. 13. Leave out from " Persons" to " not," in 1. 14, and insert

" who, on the First Day of January One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-four,

" were charged in any Gaol or " Prison for any Debt or Debts,

" Sum or Sums of Money,

" which did."

Pr. 6. 1 10. After " same" insert Clause (A).

Clause

34 Geo. III.

26° Mail.

m

Clause (A.)

Pr. 8. 1. 29.

1. 38.

1. 39-

Pr. 9. 1.25.

1. 27. 1. 28. Pr. 10. 1. 15. Pr. 11. 1. 24.

1. 31.

Pr. 12. 1.15*

1. 17.

Pr. 13. 1. 2i.

1. 27. Vol. 49.

And be it also Enacted, That " every such Justice or Justices, " who shall refuse or omit, for " the Space of Ten Days, to " transmit the Copy of the " Schedule so left with him as " aforesaid to the Clerk of the " Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, " Division, City, Town, Place, " or Liberty, in which the same " shall have been so left, shall, " for every such Offence, forfeit " and pay the Sum of Ten " Pounds, which shall and may " be sued for and recovered in " any of His Majesty's Courts " of Record at Westminster, by " Action of Debt, together with . " Costs of Suit in the Name of " any Person who shall prosecute for the same, and One " Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, " go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the " other Moiety thereof to the " Poor of the Parish in which " the Offence shall be committed."

After " made" insert " and if any " such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse " to conform to the Directions " hereby given him respecting " such Schedule, every such " Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy " so offending, shall forfeit ana " pay the sum of Twenty " Pounds to any Person, who " shall sue for and recover the " same in any of His- Majesty's " Courts of Record at Westmin-"ster, by Action of Debt." Leave out " being."

Leave out " indebted" and insert " being charged in Custody on " the First Day of January One " thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-four with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of " Money, not exceeding;" and leave out from " whole" to " the," in 1. 40.

Leave out " indebted," and insert " charged, as aforesaid, on the " First Day of January One " thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-four with any Debt or " Debts, Sum or Sums of Money." bl. " One thousand."

After "General" insert "or." Leave out " either."

Leave out " either."

Leave out " as " and insert " which."

Leave out " Forty Shillings" and insert " Five Pounds."

Leave out " Twenty" and insert " Thirty."

After " Person" insert " within " their respective Jurisdictions." After " Oath" insert " which."

Pr. 14. 1. 1. 1. 20.

" Amend-mentstd

Pr. 15-

Pr. 16. Pr. 17. Pr. 18.

1. 21.

1. 1.

1. 10. 1. 24. 1. 1. 1- 37-'! 5-

Clause (B.)

Pr. 1,9. Pr. 20.

1- 37-1. 2.1 and >

1 3*J

1. 7-

Leaver out from "and" to "shall,"

1. 3- 1 , .

0ni" „C°Py" and inSert DebtTBilt

" Copyhold.

Leave out " Customaryhold" and

insert " Customary."

After " General " insert " or."

Leave out " and."

After " respect" insert " of."

After " give" insert " such."

After "General" insert "or."

After " Administrators " insert

Clause (B.)

" And, for obviating any Doubts which may otherwise arise,

" how far the several Powers and Authorities by this Act

" vested in or given to Clerks of the Peace may be lawfully

" done, exercised, or performed, by the Deputy or Deputies of

" the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster

" (the said Office of Clerk of the Peace for the said County

Palatine being held by Letters Patent from His Majesty, with the Power of executing the same by Deputy or Deputies);

" Be it further Enacted and

" Declared, That all Assignments and Conveyances of

" the Estate and Effects of any

" Debtor or Debtors, and all

" other Acts, Deeds, Matters,

" and Things, which shall be

" done, exercised, or performed,

" in the execution of this Act,

" by any Deputy or Deputies of

" the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Person or

" Persons who, for the Time

" being, shall exercise and perform the Trusts and Duties of the said Office within and for the said County, Palatine, shall be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect in

the Law, to all Intents and

" Purposes, as if the same had

" been done, executed, or per-

" forfned by the Clerk of the

" Peace of the said County Pa-

" latine, of Lancaster for the

" Time being."

Leave out " true."

Leave out " the same."

After " same" insert "and if any " Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other " Officer acting as Clerk of the " Peace, shall, on reasonable " Request as aforesaid, neglect " or refuse to produce to any " such Creditor or Creditors as " aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as " aforesaid, and to permit the " Sadie to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day Time, on such " Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him, or

" shall

u

628

Amendments to Insolvent Debtors Bill.

26" Mail

A. 1794.

" shall ask or take more than " after the Rate of Six Pence " by the Sheet, each Sheet to " contain Seventy-two Words,

" and so in proportion for less " than Seventy-two Words in a " Sheet, or shall refuse to make " and deliver a Copy of any " such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to " make the same, and having " the Money tendered to him " for Payment of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall,

" for every such Offence, forfeit " and pay the Sum of Ten " Pounds, which shall and may " be sued for and recovered in " any of His Majesty's Courts " of Record at Westminster, by " Action of Debt, together with " Treble Costs of Suit, in the " Name of any Person who shall " prosecute for the same, and " One Moiety of which Money " forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who " prosecuted for the same, and " the other Moiety thereof to " the Poor of the Parish in " which the Offence shall be " committed."

1. 26. After " Tenant" insert " or Tenants."

Pr. 23. 1. 6. After " General " insert " or."

1. 16. After "General" insert "or."

Pr. 25. 1. 39. After " any" insert " such."

Pr. 26. 1. 4. After " Imprisonment" insert " or " if any Gaoler or Keeper attending shall refuse to make " Answer and Discovery in the " Premises as shall be reasonably required at such General " or Quarter Session, or any " Adjournment thereof, he, she,

" or they so offending in the " Premises shall, for every such " Offence, forfeit and pay the , " Sum of One hundred Pounds,

" to be recovered by, and in the " Name and for the Use of, the " Party, injured, by Action of " Debt, to be brought in his or " her Name, in any of His Majesty's. Courts of Record at " Westminster, together withTre- " ble' Costs of Suit." ,

Pr. 27. 1. 5. After " Imprisonment " insert Clauses (C) and (D.)

Clause. (C.) " And be it further Enacted by.

, "the Authority aforesaid, That

" if any such Gaoler or Gaolers,

t " pr Keeper or Keepers, or any

" deputed Gaoler or Keeper of , '. . " any Prison, shall, in taking of " the afore-mentioned Oaths,

" forswear or perjure himself, and " shall. thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper,

" or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

" of such Prison or Prisons (over -

" and above such Penalties as t , " may be inflicted on Persons

s " convicted of Perjury) shall,

..... " upon every such Conviction,

" forfeit anti pay the Sum of

" Five hundred Pounds, to be " recovered, with full Costs, by " Bill, Plaint, or Information, " or Action of Debt, in any of " His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein " no Essoign, Protection, or " Wager of Law shall be allowed, by and in the Name of " such Person or Persons, his " and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in " pursuance of this Act, shall be " made of the Estate and Effects " of such Prisoner or Prisoners, " and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the " Name or Names of any other " Creditor or Creditors who " shall sue for the said Penalties, " to be applied, One Moiety to " the Informer or Informers, " and the other Moiety towards " Satisfaction of the Debts of " such his Creditor or Creditors."

Clause (D.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" if any Clerk of the Peace, or - " his Deputy, or Town Clerk,

" or other Officer acting as Clerk " of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such " Debtor, adjudged to be entitled " to his Discharge as aforesaid, " within Fourteen Days after " such Adjudication, a Copy of " the Order of Adjudication, on " the Payment of Two Shillings " and Six Pence, or shall take " more than the Sum of Two " Shillings and Six Pence for " such Copy, or shall take more " than One Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of " such Debtor's Estate or Efsects, every such Clerk of the " Peace, or his Deputy, or " Town Clerk, or other Officer " acting as Clerk of the Peace, ". who shall so offend, and who " shall be convicted at any such " General or Quarter Session of " the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every, such " Offence, forfeit and pay to " every. such Prisoner the Sum "of Twenty Pounds, as the " Justices of the Peace, at any . " such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment. thereof, shall order, and " who are hereby empowered to " cause the same to be levied by " Distress and Sale of the Goods "of any such Clerk of the " Peace, or his Deputy, or Town " Clerk, or other Officer acting " as Clerk of the Peace, so offending."

Pr. 27. 1. 8. After " shall" insert " wilfully."

1. 13. Leave out "be adjudged guilty " of Felony" and insert "suffer " such Punishment as by Law " may be indicted on Persons " convicted

34 Geo. III.

26° Mail

629

" convicted of wilful and corrupt " Perjury."

1. 20. After " Contempts" insert " for " Non-payment of Money."

1. 35. Leave out " shall," and after " Time" insert " to."

Pr. 28. 1. 15. After " Debts" insert " incurred." 1. 28. After " Debts" insert " incurred." 1. 35. After " Custody" insert " incurred."

1. 38. After " four" insert Clause (E).

Clause (E). " And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That in " case any Person being a Prisoner charged in Execution " on the said First Day of January One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-four, and " having before or since that " Day petitioned any Court to " be discharged as an Insolvent " Debtor, and having conformed " to the several Provisions of the " Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought "up, and by the Court before " which such Prisoner was so " brought up remanded back " to the Prison or Gaol from " which such Prisoner was " brought up, there to continue " in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff " or Plaintiffs to pay to him or " her Two Shillings and Four " Pence Weekly and every " Week during such Time as " such Prisoner should remain " in Execution at the Suit of " such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, " and such Prisoner so continued " in Execution shall have been " or shall be discharged from " such Execution by his or her " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without " his or her own Privity and " Consent, subsequent to the " said First Day of January One " thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-four, and before the " Day whereon he or she might " otherwise have applied to take " the Benefit of this Act, every " such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such " Discharge, to the same Relief " and Advantage, to all Intents "and Purposes whatsoever, " which he or she might or " could have otherwise obtained " by virtue of this Act, any " Tiling herein contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

Pr. 34* I. 8. After " detained " insert " and if " any such Gaoler or Keeper . " shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above " required, every such Gaoler " or Keeper who shall so offend " in the Premises, shall forfeit " and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum " of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by " Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint^ Vot 49 " or Information, in any of the

" Courts at Westminster, wherein " no Essoin, Protection, Wager " of Law, or more than One " Imparlance, shall be allowed, " by and in the Name or " Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved;" and also to add Clause

(F).

Clause (F). " And be it further Enacted, That " if any Gaoler or Keeper, or " deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of " any Prison or Prisons, shall " make or cause to be made any * false Entries in any Book or " Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, " or of which he is or was " Gaoler, or shall prepare or " keep, or cause to be prepared " or kept, any false Book or " Books, in order for any false " or untrue Entry or Entries to " be made therein, or shall insert in any List to be delivered " in as aforesaid the Name or " Names of any Person or Persons who was not in actual " Custody as aforesaid (except " as in the Oath of every such " Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed " Gaoler or Keeper, shall be " excepted) every such Gaoler " or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler " or Keeper, shall, over and " above the Penalties which he " shall be liable to for every " such Fraud, forfeit and pay " the Sum of Five hundred " Pounds, to be recovered, with " Treble Costs of Suit, by and " in the Name, and for the Use " of any Person or Persons who " shall be prejudiced by any " such false Entry or Entries, " which Penalties shall and may " be recovered by- Action of " Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's " Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or " more than One Imparlance, " shall be allowed."

1. 37. After " York" insert " or."

1. 38. Leave out " Lancaster and Durham"

Pr. 36. 1. 36. Leave out " Town Hail in the."

Pr. 42. 1.37. Leave out " no " and insert " such."

Pr. 43. 1. Q. After " Act " insert Clause (G).

Clause (G). " And, for the better Discovery of " the Estate and Effects of any " Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, " Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have " accepted of any Trust or " Trusts, and shall wilfully con* " ceal or protect any Estate, " Real or Personal, of any such " Debtor from his Creditors, " and shall not within Thirty " Days after any Assignee or " Assignees shall, in pursuance

Amendments to Insolvent Debtors Bill.

630

26® M

A. 1794.

Amendments to Insolvent Debtors Bill.

Pr. 44. Pr. 46.

1. 38. 1. 17.

1. 18.

1. 19.

1. 30-

1. 32.

1-33-

1- 34-

" of this Act, be chosen of any " such Prisoner's Estate, discover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust " and Estate in Writing, and " deliver up or make over the " same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they so " offending shall, for every such " Offence, forfeit the Sum of ' " One hundred Pounds, and " also double the Value of the "Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for " the Use of the Creditors of " any such Prisoner, to be recovered by Action of Debt in " any of His Majesty's Courts " of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the " Assignee or Assignees of such " Prisoner's Estate, together " with Treble Costs of Suit." After " Sessions" insert " or " Counties Palatine."

Leave out " on. Attachments" and insert " by the Courts of Law " and Equity."

After " Money " insert " ordered " or."

Leave out from " paid" to "and," in 1. 26.

Leave out " any" and insert " the."

After " of" insert " Money." Leave out " any " and insert " some and leave out " any "

and insert " some.' " any,"

and after " relating

Leave out " Court " insert " thereto."

1. 38. Leave out " and, " and after " Conditions" insert " and " Restrictions."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 4. 1. 13. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 4. 1. 13. being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " First" and inserting the Word " Twelfth " instead thereof, and by leaving out the Word " January" and inserting the Word " February " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " First" stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the'Word " Twelfth " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That; the Word " January " stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " February' be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followelh; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 13. Leave out from " Persons" to " nOt," in 1. 14. and insert " who, on the Twelfth Day of " February One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-four, were " charged in any Gaol or Prison for any Debt or Debts,

" Sum Or Sums of Money which, " did."

Several Other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said1 Bill, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 8. 1. 39. being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 8.1.39. being read a Second -Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " First" and inserting the Word " Twelfth " instead thereof, and by leaving out the Word " January " and inserting the Word " February " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " First" stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Twelfth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " January" stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " February" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so Amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 39. Leave out " indebted " and insert " being charged in Custody on " the Twelfth Day of February " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-four with any " Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums " Of Money, not exceeding;" and leave out from " whole" to " the" in 1. 40.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (E), being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (E), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the first Word " First" and inserting the Word " Twelfth" instead thereof; by leaving out the first Word " January" and inserting the Word " February" instead thereof; by leaving out the second Word " First" and inserting the Word " Twelfth" instead thereof; and by leaving out the second Word " January" and inserting the Word " February " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the first Word " First " stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Twelfth " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

‘And the Question being put, that the first Word " January ". stand Part of the Amendmen;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " February " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being1 put, That the second Word " First " stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Word " Twelfth " be inserted instead thereof;

It Was resolved in the Affirmative.

' And the Question being put, That the second Word " January " stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Fe-bruary" be; Inserted instead thereof;

It was'resolved in the Affirmative.

'Then

34 Geo. III.

2a° M

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" And be it further Enaeted by the Authority " aforesaid, That in case any Person being " a Prisoner charged in Execution on the " said Twelfth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and " having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to " the several Provisions of the Laws in being " for that Purpose, shall have been brought " up, and by the Court before which such " Prisoner was so brought up remanded back " to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in " Execution on the Undertaking of his or " her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him or " her Two Shillings and Four Pence Weekly " and every Week during such Time as such " Prisoner should remain in Execution at the " Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such " Prisoner so continued in Execution shall " have been or shall be discharged from such " Execution by his or her Pain tiff or Plaintiffs, without his or her own Privity and " Consent, subsequent to the said Twelfth " Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and before the Day " whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every " such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwith " standing such Discharge, to the same Relief " and Advantage, to all Intents and Purposes " whatsoever, which he or she might or could " have otherwise obtained by virtue of this " Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1.' 21. To leave out " First" and insert " Twelfth;" and to leave out " January" and insert " February" instead thereof.

Pr. 2. 1. 30. To leave out " First" and insert " Twelfth;" and to leave out " January" and insert " February" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 32. To leave out from " confined " to " and, " in 1. 35.

Pr. 10. 1. 1. To leave out " First" and insert " Twelfth" instead thereof.

1. 2. To leave out "January" and insert " February" instead there-

Pr. 11. 1. 3. To leave out " First" and insert " Twelfthand to leave out " January" and insert " February" instead thereof.

Pr. 23. 1. 33. To leave out " First" and insert " Twelfth " instead thereof.

1. 34. To leave out " January" and insert " February " instead thereof.

Pr. 24. 1. 9-1 To leave out " First Day of Ja-and > " nuary" and insert " Twelfth

10.J " Day of February" instead

thereof.

Pr. 25. 1. 2. To leave out " First " and insert " Twelfthand to leave out

Vol. 49.

CC

cc

cc

cc

Pr. 27.

Pr. 28. 1. 16.

1. 23.

1. 29.

1. 36.

CC

6i

Pr. 29. 1. 19.

1. 21.

1. 24.

1. 28.

1. 32. and

33

Pr. 30.

I- 5

and

6.

631

" January" and insert " Fe- Amendbruary" instead thereof. ments to

To leave out " First Day of Ja- D^tora Bill, nuary" and insert " Twelfth Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out from " four " to " or " in 1. 26.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave put " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert V Twelfth " Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out from " Debtors " to " in," in 1. 23.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out from " Debtor" to " was," in 1. 30.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February " instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth

ii

CC

1.13.

Pr. 33- 1- 15.

Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave out " First Day of January" and insert "Twelfth " Day of February" instead thereof.

To leave out from " Imprisonment" to " without" in 1.

16.

1. 38. To leave out from " them " to the End of 1. 39.

Pr. 37. 1. 6. To leave out " First Day of January" and insert " Twelfth " Day of February" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the-House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

'Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported BiUtoamend from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- slaves re-ment, intituled. " An Act to continue, for a limited ported.

" Time,

26° Mail

632

A. 1794.

" Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, " for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 2, 1. 5, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 2. 1. 5. which was to fill the Blank with " Twenty," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 33-

Tellers for the Noes, 2'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to explain Doubts touching the Validity of certain Insurances made on Cargoes of Slaves.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Dent, 1

Mr. Alderman Newn- > 3. ham: J

f Mr. Serjeant Watsons Tellers for the Noes, / Mr. Whitbread, ! 37.

[Junior: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the like Purpose.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {| } 33.

{Mr. Alderman

ham, I 7.

Mr. Dent: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Clause was accordingly read a Second Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, DorehlS1 '^lat 811 tumble Address be presented to His Majesty, Letter to the t^at He will be graciously pleased to give Directions Indians of that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter Canada, from Lord Dorchester, dated from the Castle of Saint withdrawn. Louis, in the City of Quebec, on the 10th Day of FeT bruary, in the Year of our Lord 1794,. to the Indians of Lower Canada.

And the Baid Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The'House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Dangers " which may happen from Popish Recusants," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession " of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the " Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, ana his " open and secret Abettors," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent certain Qualifications, at present established by Law, from being required, for the future, from Persons who shall bear Military Offices;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Question previous Neg. for Bill re-8 pec ting Qualifications of Persons who bear Military Offices.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Reports into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ge1rvil°1gPre' mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more French Pro-effectually preserving Money or Effects in 'the Hands perty further of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or' disposable conaulered* by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, was re-committed;

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Watson according to Order, reported Battenea from the Committee of the whole House, to whom P^tentiaiy the Bill for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, therein described, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

34 Geo. III.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

The Lordt will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

House to adjourn to Friday.

Beaconsfield and Stoken-church Hoad Bill passed.

27° — 28° M 633

‘ of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to church, in the County of Oxford.

Martis, 27° die Mail; Ordered, That Sir Francis Baring do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anno 340 Georgii III*" Regis, 1794. Praters.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day; and Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of the 27th Day of January last, although there were not Forty Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow, at One of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And it being after Four of the Clock, the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Seven Members only being present;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lund Inclo-Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Bill Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East pa8Sed' Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Ships of War, and Pri- Bill to ex-vate Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Pay- |"*Pt l'nze ment of Duty, was read the Third Time. Payment'of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Duty passed, be, An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercur it, 28° die Maii;

Anno 34* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1794.

teries, &c. in Kent passed.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for vesting Bill for better certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- securing Bat-ments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the County of Kent, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign Vol. 49.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Graves: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, on Mr. H«s-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this tings s Tna1-House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday next, at One of the Clock precisely, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- jn8t)ivent tituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors Bill Debtors, be now read the Third Time. passed.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Battersea Penitentiary House Bill passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for erecting a

7 Y Penitentiary

Bill to continue and amend Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves passed.

Clapham Glebe Leases Bill reported.

634

23° Mm. A. 1794

Penitentiary House, or Houses, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of Battin the County of Surrey, therein described, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Convicts from gaining Settlements in the Parish where the House shall be built.

And the said Clause was Thrice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, for confining and employing Convicts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several " Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and " canying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast " of Africa," was, according to Order, read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for " regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa "

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 17. Leave out " Part whereof" and insert " one Parcel of which, " called Bromells, containing " Seven Acres, or thereabouts."

Pr. 4.

l Leave out " and the Residue " and

( insert " another Parcel."

27.J

1. 37. After " Lands " insert " called " Parson's Field, containing nearly Nine Acres of Pasture " Ground."

1. 8. Leave out " Church."

1. 36. After " Pocock " insert " except as " herein after mentioned."

1. 39.I Leave out " by virtue of this Act" and? and insert " if the above-named 40* J " Parcel of Glebe, caHed

Field, is let out upon Building

Leases."

Pr. 5. 1. 17. Leave out " are hereinbefore ena-

" bled to grant" and insert " shall by virtue of this Act " grant of the above-mentioned " Parson's Field, or of any Part " thereof."

1. 31. After " certify" insert " tot"

Pr. 7. 1. 17* After " notwithstanding " insert

Clauses (A) and (B).

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it fur-

" ther Enacted, That in case the " said John Venn, or his Succes-l< osrs, Rectors of the said Parish,. " shall be desirous of repairing " or re-building the said Parsonage House before the said " Sum of Five hundred Pounds, " hereby directed to be set apart " for that Purpose, shall have " been accumulated, it shall and " may be lawful for the said John " Venn, or his successors as afore* " said, by and with the Consent of " the Lord Bishop of Winchester, " and the Patron or Patrons of " the said Rectory for the Time " being, expressed under their " Hands and Seals, to borrow " the said Sum of Five hundred " Pounds, or so much thereof as. " with the Sum then deposited " in the Public Funds, pursuant " to the Directions of this Act, " shall amount to Five hundred " Pounds, of any Person or Persons willing to lend the same, " and to apply the same to the " Purpose of repairing or rebuilding the said Parsonage " House, according to the Manher hereinbefore directed; and " for securing the Re-payment of " the said Sum, together with " Interest for the same, it shall " and may be lawful for the said " John Venn, or his Successors " as aforesaid, to mortgage the " Tythes, Rents, and other Emolaments of the said Rectory, to " such Person or Persons as shall " advance the same; and the " said John Venn, and his Successors as aforesaid, is and are " hereby required to pay, Quarterly, Interest for the Sam so " borrowed, or the Part thereof which shall be remaining due; " and also for the Discharge of " the said Principal Sum so to " be borrowed, they are hereby " further required to pay Annually the Sum of Fifteen Pounds u per Centum out of the gross " Annual Rents of the Leases " which are or shall be granted " of the above-mentioned Parson's Field, until the Whole of " the Money which shall have " been so borrowed shall be repaid: Provided however, that " if no Building Leases shall " be granted of the said Parson's " Field before the Feast of Saint " Michael,

34* Geo. III.

Clause (B.) "

Vol. 49.

28° Mm,-

685

<C

" Michael, which will be ink the " Year of our Lord One thousand " Seven hundred, and Ninety-, " nine, or if the Sum of Fifteen " Pounds ^erCewftps perAmwn " so reserved out of the Leases " which shall have been already " granted of it, shall not at that " Time amount to Forty Pounds " per Annum, then the Sum of " Forty Pounds, or such a Sum " as with that already reserved " out of the said Leases shall " amount to Forty Pounds, shall " be Annually paid out of the " other Rents, Profits, and Emoluments of the said Rectory, in Discharge of the said Sum so borrowed, until the whole Sum so borrowed, together with Interest for the same, shall be fully " satisfied and discharged." Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That in case a more " convenient Situation for the " Residence of the Rector shall " be found in the said Parish, " then and in that Case it shall " be lawful for the said John Venn " and his Successors, Rectors of " the said Parish, with the Approbation and Consent of the " Lord Bishop of Winchester, and " the Patron or Patrons of the " said Rectory for the Tima " being, under their Hands and V Seals respectively, to sell and " convey the present Parsonage " House, with the Appurte-" nances and the Garden thereto " belonging, and also the said " Cottage and Garden, or to " grant a Lease or Leases of the " said Premisses for any Term " not exceeding Ninety-nine "Years, at a small reserved " Rent, taking the largest Sum " of Money by Way of Fine that " can reasonably be got for the " same; and it shall be lawful " for the said John Venn, and " his Successors as aforesaid, to " apply the Money to arise by " eitherof the Modes beforementioned, together with such Sum " or Sums of Money as shall have " been accumulated in Manner " before mentioned, or the said " Sum of Five hundred Pounds " authorized to be borrowed as before mentioned, or so much " thereof as shall not have been. " expended in the Repairs or " Improvement of the present " Parsonage House as, aforesaid, " in the Purchase rof apy House, " with proper Offices and Copveniencies, within the said Parish, which shall be deemed a " more convenient Residence for " the Rectors of the said Parish, " any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof " in anywise notwithstanding; * and from the Time #iat.such

The Lords have agreed to

Abergele, Saint Asaph, &c. Embank* ment and Drainage Bill, with an Amendment.

" Purchase shaft b^veb^p roade " and completed, the I^oijse ajji " Premiss so, purchased sh^ll be " taken and considered as the " Parsonage Hpu/se bpfonging to " the said Rectory, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, wpre, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and

lan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele afofpsaif),

and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of

Rhydlan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of and Meliden, in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in Or through the same, or some Bast thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and soft competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Worses, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preserva 'tion thereof; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being Motion for put, That this House will, upon Monday MorrP-ing next, proceed to the further Hearing of Coun- o^LuElrink sel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of and King's the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Lynn Drain* Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the JpBiU' Low Lapds adjoining, oir near to, the said Levels; **

as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;

It passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Amendment tituled, An Act for embanking, and otherwise fppeing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the &c. Embank* Parish oi Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan ment and Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and Dramage Bill of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, apd the Franchise of Rhyd- agr to‘ lan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other ^larshes,

Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said-County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, pr some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses apd Drains, and to inclose, divide, apd sell competent Farts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for tfre future, Repair and - Preservation thereof.

And

Bill for preserving French Property deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Mr. Bosquet's Petition referred to a Committee.

Clapham Glebe Leases Bill passed*

636

28 — 30° Mail

A. 1794.

.And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 25. After " administer" insert Clause

(A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " the said Trustees may, and " they are hereby authorized " and directed to order and " cause all Encroachments made " upon the said Common " Marshes and Waste Low " Lands, or any Part thereof, " to be laid open, except such " as have been made and enjoyed undisturbed for Twenty " Years preceding the First " Day of May One thousand " Seven hundred and NinetyFour."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, be read the Third Tinw upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Mail;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 17 9*4. Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

The.House was moved, That the Petition of Abraham Bosquet, Esquire, late one of His Majesty's Commissaries of Musters, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lewes, Mr. Wind-

ham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, tit Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Anstmther the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for &C the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of ther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pittenweem, Crail, and

Kilrenny, in the room of Robert Anstruther, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steivard or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, borough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for pre-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually pre- 2?"* serving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lowther reported from the* Committee, to Stanwixand whom the Bill for amending, repairing, widening, divesting, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road reported, leading from the present Turnpike Road at in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords Graves: P"**1

Mr. Speaker, "^Tnf

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall

And then the Messenger withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cricklad* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ-for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Walker Heneage,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough,

hath

Accounts relating to the Herring Fishery to be printed.

Motions respecting the War with France.

34 Geo. III. 30°

hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendrin the County of Berks.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, and List, which were presented to the House upon the 20th Day of this Instant May, by Mr. Pearson (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, during the several Changes which took place in the Constitution and Government of France before the Commencement of Hostilities, and more particularly after the Events of the 10th of August 1792, when His Majesty was advised by His Ministers to suspend all Official Communication with France, it was, and continued to be, the professed Principle and Policy of His Majesty's Government carefully to observe a strict Neutrality, and uniformly to abstain from any Interference with respect to the internal Affairs of France; that, when His Majesty was advised to make a further Augmentation of His Forces by Sea and Land, at the Begin* ing of last Year, it wa6 for the declared Purpose of opposing Views of Aggrandizement and Ambition on the Part of France; and that, when His Majesty acquainted Parliament that Acts of Hostility had been directed by the Government of France against His Majesty's Subjects, and after War had been declared against His Majesty and the United Provinces, the then avowed Object of prosecuting the War, on our Part, was to oppose the further Views of Aggrandizement imputed to France, and that the Prosecution of the War on this Ground, and for the Attainment of this Object, was approved by both Houses of Parliament;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

wfaitoY-i&ga*... } 55.

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, at or before the End of April j 793, the Armies of France were obliged to evacuate Holland and Flanders, and to retire within their own Territory; and that the Prince of Cobourg, Commander in Chief of the Emperor's Forces in Flanders, did, on the 5th of April, engage and declare that he would join and co-operate with General Dumourier, to give to France her Constitutional King, and the Constitution which she had formed for herself; and that the Prince, of Cobourg did also then declare, on his Word of Honour, that, if any strong Places should be delivered over to his Troops, he should consider them no otherwise than as sacred Deposits; and that, on the 9th of the same Month, all the preceding Declarations of the Prince of Cobourg were revoked;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, by the 15th Article of the Treaty concluded with the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel on the 10th of April 1793, His Majesty's Ministers were of Opinion, that the Situation of Affairs had then entirely changed its Aspect, in Conse-Vot. 49.

quence of which His Majesty might not have Occasion for the Hessian Troops, and might be at Liberty to relinquish their Service on certain Conditions of Compensation to be made to the Landgrave;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that it appears to this House, that, on the 14th of July 1793, a Convention was concluded between His Majesty and the King of Prussia, in which their Majesties reciprocally promised to continue to employ their respective Forces, as far as their 'Circumstances would permit, in carrying on a War equally just and necessary;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, on the 23d of August 1793, Lord Hood declared to the People of Toulon, that he had no other View but that of restoring Peace to a great Nation, upon the most just, liberal, and honourable Terms; that the Inhabitants of Toulon did in Return declare, that it was their unanimous Wish to adopt a Monarchical Government, such as it was originally formed by the Constituent Assembly of 1789; and that Lord Hood, by his Proclamation of the 28th of August, accepted of that Declaration, and did then repeat, what he had already declared to the People of the South of France, that he took Possession of Toulon, and held it in Trust only for Louis the Seventeenth;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the Constitution to which the Declaration and Acceptance stated in the preceding Resolution are applied, was the same which His Majesty's Ambassador at the Hague did in a Memorial, presented to the States General orl the 25th of January 1793. describe in the following Terms, viz." It is not quite Four Years since cer* " tain Misoreants, assuming the Name of Philosophers, have presumed to think themselves capable

of establishing a new System of Civil Society; in " order to realize this Dream, the Offspring of Vanity, it became necessary for them to overturn and " destroy all established Notions of Subordination, of " Morals, and of Religion," and that this Description was applied by the said Ambassador to a Government with which His Majesty continued to treat and negociate from its Institution in 1789, to its Dissolution in August 1792, and that His Majesty's Ambassador was not recalled from Paris until that Government waS dissolved;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, by the Declaration made by His Majesty's Ministers, and dated on the 29th of October 1793, that His Majesty demands " only of France, that some legitimate and stable Goverament should be established, founded on the " acknowledged Principles of Universal Justice, and " capable of maintaining with other Powers the ao* " customed Relations of Union and Peace," and that His Majesty, in treating for the Re-establishment of general Tranquillity with such a Government, " would propose none other than equitable and moderate Conditions, not such as the Expences, the " Risques, and the Sacrifices of the War, might juitify," and that His Majesty hoped to find in thP

7 Z other

Motions respecting the War with France.

638 30° Mail A. 1794

other Powers, engaged with Him in the Common Cause, Sentiments and Views perfectly conformable to His own;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, at the Commencement of the War, the Prosecution of it was considered by His Majesty as a Cause of General Concern, in which His Majesty had every Reason to hope for the cordial Co-operation of those Powers who were united with His Majesty by the Ties of Alliance, and who felt an Interest in the same Cause;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear to this House, that, in the Prosecution of a War considered by His Majesty as a Cause of General Concern, and as a Common Cause, His Majesty has received that cordial Co-operation, which we were led to expect, from those Powers who were united with Him by the Ties of Alliance, and who were supposed to feel an Interest in the same Cause;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, on a Review of the Conduct of the several Powers of Europe, from whom, if the Cause was common, and if the Concern was general, cordial Cooperation might have been expected, it appears to this House, that many of those Powers have not cooperated with His Majesty; that the Empress of Russia has not contributed in any Shape to the Support of this Common Cause; that the Crowns of Sweden and Denmark have united to support their Neutrality, and to defend themselves against any Attempt to force them to take Part in the Common Cause; that Poland is neither able nor inclined to take part in it; that Switzerland and Venice are Neutral; that the King of Sardinia has required and obtained a Subsidy from Great Britain to enable him to act, even on the Defensive; that the King of the Two Sicilies, professing to make Common Cause with His Majesty in the War against France, is bound to it by nothing but his own Judgment in the Course of Events which may occur, and that he is at Liberty to abandon the Common Cause whenever he shall judge that he cannot any longer, with Justice and Dignity, continue the War; that the Efforts of Spain and Portugal have been completely ineffectual;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, with respect to the Powers who were Principals in the present War (viz. The States General, the King of Prussia, and the Emperor) it appears to this House, that 1'he States General, having refused to contract for the Payment of their Portion of the Subsidies to be paid to the King of Prussia, beyond the Term of the present Year, have thereby reserved to themselves a Right to withdraw from the Support of the War at that Period, and to throw the whole Burthen of it upon Great Britain; that the King of Prussia being bound by the Convention of July 1793 to act in the most perfect Concert, and the most intimate Confidence with His Majesty upon all the Objects relative to the present War, and having then promised to continue to employ his Forces, as far as Circumstances would permit, in carrying on the War, and His Majesty having since been obliged, by the

Treaty of the 19th April 1794, to grant to the King of Prussia an enormous Subsidy, in order to engage him to continue to co-operate in the Prosecution of the War, it follows that the King of Prussia is no longer a principal Party, nor even an Auxiliary in the said War, but that he barely lends out his Troops to this Country, in return for a most Profitable Pecuniary Compensation at our Expence, and that Great Britain is, in Fact, loaded with his proper Share of the Burthen of a War, which is said to be the Common Cause of every civilized State; finally, that if it were expedient or necessary to purchase the King of Prussia's Co-operation on such Terms, the Emperor, whose Interests are more directly at Stake, was full as much bound in Reason and Justice, as His Majesty or The States General could be, to contribute equally to that Expence; and that if, at any future Period of the War, the Emperor's Finances should be so exhausted as to make it impossible for him to maintain it on his Part at his own Charge, his Imperial Majesty will be invited and encouraged, if not justified, by the Example and Success of the King of Prussia, to call upon this Country to defray the whole Expence of whatever Army he may continue to employ against the French; nor does it appear to this House, by what Distinction, in Policy or in Argument, the Terms granted to the King of Prussia can be refused to the Emperor, whose Efforts and Expences in the Course of the War have infinitely exceeded those of Prussia, or how this Country can in Prudence, or with Safety, decline a Compliance with such Demands, if it be true, as has been declared, that the Destruction of the present French Government is essential to the Security of every Thing which is most dear and valuable to us as a Nation;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in Consequence of the Events of the War on the Continent and elsewhere, all Views of Aggrandizement and Ambition on the Part of France, supposing the French to entertain such Views, are evidently unattainable, and must be relinquished by France, and that therefore the Object of the War, as it was originally professed on our Part, viz. the Restoration of Peace on Terms of Permanent Security, is now attainable, and may be secured, provided mat, on one Side, the French shall be content with the Possession and Safety of their own Country, and that we, on the other, shall adhere to the Principle of Justice and Policy so often declared by His Majesty, and avowed by His Ministers, of uniformly abstaining from any Interference with Respect to the internal Affairs of France;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it is the Duty of His Majesty's Ministers to avail themselves of the present Circumstances of the War, and to promote a Pacification by every Means in their Power, by proposing to France equitable and moderate Conditions; and, above all Things, by abstaining from any Interference in the internal Affairs of France;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it is the Opinion of this House, that, in every possible Case, it is equally desirable, that His Majesty should make an explicit Declaration of His Views: If the Intention be not to interfere in the internal Government of France, nothing can contribute so much to advance a Negociation with those who now exercise the Powers of Government in that Country,

as

639

34 Geo. III. 30" Mail

as such a Declaration solemnly and explicitly made; if, on the other Hand, it be intended to interfere, it is highly essential to make the Degree of Interference precisely known, to induce such Part of the French Nation, as are dissatisfied with the present Government, to unite and exert themselves with Satisfaction and Security;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

2° Junii,

Lunas,2° die Junii;

Anno 34° Georgii III. Regis, 1794,

Prayers.

MR. Aldridge presented to the House, by His Ma* Account of jesty's Command, Charge of

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance office^or for the Year 1792, compared with the Grants by Par- 1799) pre, liament, and Sums reserved for the said Year. tented,

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 49>

An

oo

3)2.

9i

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1792, compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year; viz1.

Oi

o

eg'

i-Hh

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

c«

ft

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary:

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c.

North Britain ——

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

Gibraltar ——

Jamaica ——

Antigua - -

St Christopher -

Dominica ——

Barbadoes ——

St. Vincent ——

Grenada ——

Bahama Islands - -

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

Annapolis ——

New Brunswick -

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London - -

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain -

Ordinary Repairs ——

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Carried forward

c

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Sums unexpended.

L s. d. £ s. d. l- s. d.

13,616 17 6 13,221 14 4 395 3 2

554 10 — 554 10 —

1,381 7 6 1,253 15 4 127 12 2

273 15 — 273 15 . —

584 — — 552 16 2 31 3 10

584 — — 237 5 — 346 15 —

584 — — 510 9 6 73 10 6

584 — — 584 — —

584 — — 584 — —

584 — — 440 18 9 143 1 3

219 — — 219 — —

861 15 — 841 1 2 20 13 10

680 10 — 639 19 8 40 10 4

91 5 — 9i 5 —

629 12 6 629 12 4 — — 2

693 10 — 693 10 —

3,423 13 3,163 8 3 260 4 9

18,000 — — 18,000 — —

15,000 — — 20,391 3 11 - - m

4,379 4 7 4,251 12 3 127 12 4

63,309 — 1 67,133 16 1 1,566 7 4

Exceeding*,

d %

5,39! 3 11

*3

a

ss:

5,39! 3

g

(O'

r-H

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

00

Bro* forward - £.

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ....

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers - -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - .....-

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Pay of Draughtsmen.....-....

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c. ——

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. - -- --....

Extraordinaries:

Newfoundland:

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St. John's and Placentia

Nova Scotia:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

New Brunswick:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -.

Quebec:

For Current Service, and Contingencies.....-

On Account, for a Supply of Stores - ....

Carried forward - £.

Grants by Parliament, Charge of the Office of

and Sums reserved. Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Excdedings.

£ s. d. £ d. I S. d. £. s. d.

63,309 — 1 67,133 16 8 1,566 7 4 5,391 3 11

2,000 1,828 14 7 171 5 5 —

10,967 16 — 10,660 9 4 307 6 8 —

112,319 6 — 1 108,627 16 2 5,966 11 2 —

2,275 4 J 2,3? 7 15 — 2,308 12 5 19 2 7 —

2,031 6 — . 2,033 15 — - 2 9 —

21,490 14 6 21,410 11 10 <N O CO* 8 —

826 3 8 826 3 8 -

5,000 5,591 4 10 - - 591 4 10

2,000 "1 2,058 9 8 i,735 — 10

1,793 10 6J

5,650 4 5^ 1,044 10 2 4,605 14 3 — '

2,000 "1 1,246 6 8 / 2,774 1 5 472 5 3 —

9,000 8,588 2 4 411 17 8 —

244,237 4 2 234,886 8 1 15,335 13 10 5,984 17 9

C3

o

H

O

s*

8

5$

CO . .

Oi

00

gi

oo

H

D

cq"

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1792, 8cc. — continued.

Bro' forward - - £.

Bermuda:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Bahama Islands:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - .

Jamaica:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the

Navy ....

Antigua:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

St. Christopher:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Dominica:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Barbadoes:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

St. Vincent:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Grenada:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Carried forward - -

5

3

to

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£ rf. ^44,237 4 2 £ d* 234,886 8 1 £. s. d. 15,335 13 10 £ s. d. 5,984 17 9

1,000 1,155 12 — . 155 12 —

1,000 1,704 13 n - 704 13 11

2,000 1 932 10 10 J 1,279 2 3 1,653 8 7 —

375 1 &} mm — m 375 8

3,000 !>239 1 , 1,760 — 11 —

3,000 2,640 1 1 359 18 11 —

3,000 2,520 7 8 479 I2 4 —

3,000 1,120 1 7 1,879 18 5 —

3,000 i,35i 14 1 1,648 5 11 —

3,925 4 3 3,925 4 3 — —

368,4.70 11 351,823 4 — 23,492 — 7 6,845 3 8

a

1

o

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended.

£s- d. £. s. d. £ d.

268,470 — - 11 251,823 4 — 23,492 — 7

30,000 30,990 16 11 — —

1,668 15 — - 1,668 15 —

896 17 4 . _ -

4,00*0 — — - 4,000

1,000 — — - 1,000

1,035 8 — 1,633 15 6 -

964 12 — 964 12 —

1,035 8 — "1 709 18 6j 2,653 6 6 . - >

964 12 — 964 12 —

6,000 — - — 1 82 12 2J 6,082 12 2 —

1,000 — > — I 543 7 10/ 433 1 8 1,110 6 2

2,567 19 10 - - - 2,567 19. 10 '

500 461 4 6 38 15 6

320,542 14 3 296,904 2 7 33,877 17 1

o

«o

Bro' forward

Gibraltar:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers, and for Works, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For the Purchase of sundry Plots of Ground on the Esplanade ——

Jersey:

For Storehouses and Barracks - - - .

Towards fortifying St.Hilliers Hill ——

For the Purchase of Lands D* ——

For Repairs and Contingencies ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - -"

Guernsey:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fori George, and Repairs at other Places in the

Island - -

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Miliiary Artificers ——

Scotland:

For Repairs of the Several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies -

North East District:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Repairs of the Wharfing of the Garrison Embankment, at Hull - -

Landguard Fort:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ....

Carried forward - ~ £

Exceedings.

£> d* 6,845 3 8

990 16 11

896 17 4

598 7 6

908 —

10,239 5 5

o

M

9

CO

8 W

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

D

1 — H

N'

CD

CL

cr

2°Junii A. 1794.

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

o

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

eg.

?r

o

t-

<0

«P

a

Portsmouth: Bro'forward - - £.

For Repairs of old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division ——

For necessary* Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town -

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort ——

For inclosing the Dock ——

For Repairs of Lump's Battery ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ——

For re-building South Sea Castle ——

For building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy ——

For the Purchase of a House for the Lieutenant Governor ——

For the Purchase of Lands in Front of the Fortifications belonging to R. G. Temple, Esquire -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Gosport:

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital -

To continue the Sea Wall from the Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton -

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevil, and Priddy's Hard - -

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort ——

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines - -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers.....-

Carried forward - - - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sams unexpended. Exceedings.

£ £ £. s. d. £. s. d.

345,377 10 5 314,970 9 3 40,646 6 7 10,239 5 5

4,160 11 3*1 777 11 9/ 4,938 3 — — —

1,500 632 2 6 867 17 6 . —

5,000 — - — 5,000 — —

3,oooo -1 424 4 11j 3,424 4 11 — —

»>97i 13 — . i,97i 13 — —

3,*32 — 7 - 3,232 — 7 —

5,oooo - - - 5,000 —

2,500 -i t,497 — 2/ i,5i5 7 5 2,481 12 9 —

21 8 3 21 8 3 — —

400 400 — —

1,929 4 — 1,929 4 —

1,992 16 >1 - - 1,992 16 11 —

1,000 128 5 5/ 1,011 13 8 116 11 9 —

2,455 - 2,455 —

1,945 19 4 472 2 10 1,473 16 6 —

361 7 j1 . 361 7 11

1,344 14 Hi >32,4 7J 1,488 19 11 - 12 — 5

1,929 4 — i,929 4 — —

388,080 17 5 337,732 19 9 60,599 3 6 10,251 5 10

oi

Big

n

CO

O

H

O

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance,

D

(a

H-

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

oo

o

Plymouth:

Bro* forward - -

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies

For necessary Repairs at the Lines ——

For Magazines and Canal at Keyham Point ——

For Redoubts on Maker Heights ——

For Repairs at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Island and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Woolwich:

For additional Rooms to the Academy, Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters, Current Service, and Contingencies

For re-building the Wharf -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Royal Laboratory: Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

Isle or Man:

For Repairs and Current Service

Waltham Abbey

For Repairs and additional Buildings

Carried forward -

for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

Grants by l>arIBune*t, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedinga.

'£. S. a. 388,080 17 5 £ s. d. 337,732 19 9 £. s. d. 60,599 3 6 £. s. d. 10,251 5 10

4,070 6 — 336 — 5 2,165 5 4 449 8 5 408 7 1 4,355 13 9. 99 1 — 2 850 9-5 336 — 5 i,i74 5 2 408 7 1 284,17 9 401 1 —

1,929 4 — 1,929 4 —

3,000 — - — 3,230 2 — 1,929 4 — 2,848 12 7 151 7 5 3,230 2 — —

1,929 4 ~

: > 3,000 — r — 2,000 — —

436 12 I 85 3 2 351 8 11

2,000 — — 1 2,820 2 9J 2,721 19 — 2,098 3 9 —

412,855 19 6 355,444 5 10 68,348 18 3 10,937 4 7

f6L\ V '"un£ °S

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792,&c. — continued.

o

t-

vo

D

eg'

r+

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

FT

Bro* forward - -

Shipping:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons - -

Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers: -For Contingencies of Artillery -

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain

For the Hire of Horses, Forage, Ammunition, and Contingencies, on Account of the Camp at Bagshot ----- -.....-

Regiments of Foot: .

For supplying Worms, Tumscrews, Pickers-, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot. Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain -

For Small Arms ——

For Stores ——

M -

For Salt Petre ——

For Debts incurred previous to 31 December 1783*

Grants 1792.....- 377*898 1 8

Unprovided ----- - 8,072 6 4

Sums reserved - - 104,276 4 4

Total Land Service, carried forward - - - £.

N. B. The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for which they were voted in former Years, are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s- d. £.

412,855 19 6 355,444 5 10 68,348 18 3 10,937 4 7

2,500 - 2,500 —

6,000 6,000 ' — —

2,463 5 9 2,468 10 — 5 4 3

788 15 10 Ob 0* N OO Ob - 198 6 11

- 2,597 19 9 2,620 5 — - 22 5 3

954 16 — - 954 16 — _

12,081 7 11 4,196 5 11 7,885 2 — —

6,976 14 — 1 *36,507 6*10/ 16,799 3 1 26,684 17 9 —

" 6,20b — — 6,200 — — _ —

320 6 9 320 6 9 # ' -:

490,246 12 4 395,035 19 4 106,373 14 — 11,163 1 —

00

Bag.

Q a

34 Geo. III. -2° Jii. <547

g

cq'

t — h

n'

CD

Cl ' Cr

rD

s

Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792, &c. — continued.

Grants by Parliament Charge of the Office of

and Sums reserved. Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

£. s. d. & s. d. £> 0. d. £. s. d.

Total Land Service, bro* forward - - £. 490,246 12 4 395,035 19 4 106,373 14 — 11,163 1 ~

Sea Service:

\ 13,221 14 4

197 16 1 — - -

1,218 19 10 — _

Antigua - -- -- -- 594 12 3 — —

434 13 — — -

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory - - - -- 1,308 17 11 —

Ordnance and Stores - -- -- > 41,600 — — 6,469 18 4 — —

12,555 17 7 — —

Freight - -- -- -- 5,696 10 4 — —

5,159 13 2 ~ —

19,860 17 8 — . —

/ 9,300 — —

Total Sea Service - 41,600 76,019 10 6 - 34,419 10 6-

Total Land and Sea Service - - £. 531,846 12 4 471,055 9 10 106,373 14 — 45,582 11 6

Note. — That besides the above Grants the following Sums have been received by the LAND. Sea. /

Treasurer} viz*. L s. d. £‘ s. d. — —

On his voluntary Account ----- -- 22,228 4 11 U>46o 1 5 — —

Cash received to vacate Imprests 8,617 2 11 155 14 6 — —

£ 30,845 7 11,615 15 11 — —

648 VJunii. A. 1794.

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1792.

Land Service:

<1

o

00

O

JO . cq'

N

CD

CL

CT

0

1

The Total Sums unexpended, as per Account, amount to Add the Voluntary Account -

Total Exceedings -

Total Amount unexpended

Pay of Civil Officers and\ Artificers at

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings,

s.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c. - -

/'Gibraltar ——

Antigua ——

St. Christopher -

Dominica - - - - .

Grenada ——

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

New Brunswick ——

Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners -

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower -Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers - -

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Pay of Superannuated Officers, &c. -

395

127

3»

346

73

M3

20

40

260

127

171

307

3

12

3

15

10

1

13

10

4

12

5

6

*9

80

d.

2

2

10

6

3 10

4

2

9

4

5 8

7

8

- £

£ d.

106,373 14 —

2,144 4 8

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted -

Balance unexpended — Land Service

Sea Service:

The.Total Exceedings amount to The Voluntary Account amounts to

£ 3: d.

34,419 10 6

11,615 15 11

Deficiency

Balance exceeded, in Account 1792 ——

Balance exceeded, 31st December 1791 - -

Total Balance exceeded 31st December 1792 -

Office of Ordnance, John,

30th May 1794. v Clerk of the Ordnance.

£ s. d.

106,373 14 — 30,845 7 10

137,219 1 10 11,163 1 —

126,056 — 10

104,229 9 4 21,826 11 6

22,803 14 7

977 3 1 374 13 6

i,35i 16 7

34 Geo. III. 9?Jmii*

A. IT94.

€50

2" — 3*

St&nwix and Scotch Dyke, &c. Road Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Amendments to Mariners Bill.

Aldermaston Roads BttL

Election Oaths Bill.

Newspapers stamping Bill.

Bill for sup-plyingFx$nch Islands with Corn, &c.

Land Revenue Bill.

Dover Harbour BiB.

Ordered \That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road, at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Long-town, to the Scotch Dyke in the said County, and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid, to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

'ResStoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Jbe; An Act for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from , through

Imgtom, to the Scotch Dyke, mad from Longtown to the Bridge Over the River of $«rk, in the County of Cumberland

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message froto She Lords, by Mr. Eddies and Mr Montagu:

Mr. Speaker, ‘ 1

The Lonis have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlaige the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from Aldermaston, In the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, 'and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the Turnpike , Road leading to i Winchester, in the County 1 of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also, 1 ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissionefrs to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to , vote at the Election of Members to serve in Psriia-me«t; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper Used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper) without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment.

A,nd then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 3° die Junii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Mr. Hast- Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster ">g»*

Hall;

Resolved, That this House will, alt the Risibg of House to ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday MArcting j°urn to next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames And Mr. The Lords Montagu: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the BBt, intituled, An Bristol Bury-Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen, "8 ground, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the *mend-With Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- ment*. ments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and reconvey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, pissed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways. and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish j with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of tjii^ House: And filsp, >

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed, further in will proceed she Trial df Whr^ert Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning ne&t, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

» I 1 1 1 . j

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Amendment! tituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of to Bristol Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time pUryi"f being; and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Raiagreedw. Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to seB end re-ponvey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sate, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, presed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out from " employed " to " but," in Line 11.

After " proper " insert Clause (A).

" Provided nevertheless, and be it " further Enacted, That it shall " not be lawful for the said Recfor and Feoffees, or the major " Part of them, to re-convey the " said Plot of Ground, with its " Appurtenances, to the said " Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, until the said Rector " and Feoffees, or the major Part "of

Pr. 2. 1. 10.

Pr. 4. Clause

1. 24. (A).

34 Geo. III.

3° — 5*' — t? Junii.

m

it

it

tt

tt

a

a

it

it

tt

it

tt

it

tt

it

u

tt

it

it

it

U

a

it

tt

it

a

u

it

it

it

it

tt

it

it

it

tt

it

U

of them, or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have removed from and out of the said Plot of Ground all or the greater Part of the Coffins^ Bodies, and Bones, heretofore buried and interred therein, or such of them as shall remain entire and distinguishable, and shall then cany the same to the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, or to some other Parish Burying Ground within the said City of Bristol^ and therein bury and inter them; nor until the said Hector and Feoffees, or the major Part of them, or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in like Manner, have removed from and out of the said Plot of Ground all the Grave Stones and Monuments heretofore placed therein, and shall carry the same to the said Burying Ground, or to some other Burying Ground as aforesaid, and place them in some Part thereof; and all these Things the said Rector and Feoffees, or the major Part of them, or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be allowed and permitted to do and perform, without any Faculty or License from the Ecclesiastical Court."

And it being after Four of the Clock, the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Fourteen Members only being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question hirst pat, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-snips.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next,. Ten of the Clock.

Trial of Mr. HastiDgs.

The Lords will proceed jw» Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Jovis, 5° die Junii

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis 1794. Prayers.

npHE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren X Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day; and,

Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of the 27th Day of January last, although there were not Forty Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vo l. 49.

Veneris, 6® die Junii;

Anno 34* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1794.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Graves The Lords and Mr. Eames: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for better Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, securing Bat-and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better secur- teries« &c- " ing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Kent' Counties of Kent and Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hove agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to ex-Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or empt Prize Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also, Duty.

The Lords haw agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and to reduce into One and Stoken-Act foe Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the church Bowl Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Bill*

George foe First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of foe Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and in' foe Fifteenth Year of the Tteign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to Stoken-church, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords haw agreed to the Sill' intituled, An Lun(j inclo-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pas- sure Bill, tures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Lund, in foe Parish of Lund, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tyfoes thereof, and of foe Lands already inclosed in the same Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Amednmenu by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable to Clapham the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clap- Glebe Leases ham, in foe County of Surrey, for foe Time being, to Bl grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory: And also,

The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Corse Inclo-Act for dividing and inclosing foe Open and Common sure Bill, with Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lawns, Amendments Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in foe- County of Gloucester; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of Public High-foe Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Amendment respecting the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty; with some Amendments; to which- Amendments the Lords desire foe Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendments tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open dosure Bill and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common agreed to.

Pastures,

Amendment* to Corse Inclosure Bill.

65 2

6° yunii. A. 1794.

Pr. l. 1. 6.

1.

I.

10.

32.

Pastures, Lawns, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse, in the County of

Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out from " Lands" to " and, " in Line 8.

Leave out from " Land" to " being," in Line 12.

Leave out " is " and insert " claims to be; " and leave out " being" and insert " and to " be."

After " said " insert " Tract of " Land being."

After " said" insert " Land being."

After " said " insert " Tract of " Land being."

Leave out " and the said Manors " therein."

Pr. 3* I- 7-

Pr. 4.

Pr. 5-

Tract of

Leave out " and."

After " Worcester" insert " Wake-

" man Long, of Upton upon Sevem, in the said County of " Worcester, and " of the same Place."

1. 19- Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

Pr. 7- 1. 7- Leave out " Lawns, Waste."

Pr. 8. 1. 3- Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

1. 21. Leave out " Two" snd insert

" Three."

1. 33- Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

Pr. 9- 1. i. Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

1. 23. Leave out " Two " and insert

" Three."

1. 30. Leave out " Two or One " and

insert " Three."

Pr. 10. 1. 2. Leave out from " Boundaries " to

" And, " in Line 12, and insert Clause (A).

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it fur-

" ther Enacted, That in case

" any Person or Persons interested in any Messuages,

" Lands, or Grounds, in any " Parish adjoining or lying near " to the said Parish of " shall, by Notice in Writing " under Ins or their Hand or " Hands, or the Hand of his or " their Agent, to be delivered " to the said Commissioners, or " any One of them, within Two " Calendar Months next after " the Boundaries of the said " Parish of Corse shall have " been set out as aforesaid, and " Notice thereof given in the " Parish Churches of Corse, " aforesaid and of Tirley, in the " said County, and of Staunton, " in the County of Worcester, " upon a Sunday immediately " after Divine Service (ana " which Notice the said Commissioners, or any Three of " them, are hereby required to " cause to be given) object to " the Boundaries so set out, or " any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so objecting to com*

" mence and prosecute, in any " of His Majesty's Courts of " Record at Westminster, One " or more Action or Actions " against any Person or Persons " having any Right of Common, or other Interest, in or " upon the Lands and Grounds " hereby intended to be divided " and inclosed, for the Purpose " of trying the Matter of such " Objection, and to declare " therein as upon a feigned " Wager, as usual in Declarations for trying Issues directed " by Courts of Equity, and such " Declaration, in case the Parties shall not agree in settling " the same, shall be settled by the proper Officer of the Court " wherein the Action shall be " brought, and after delivering " such Declaration, the Defendant or Defendants shall forth*

" with appear, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue, and " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs " therein shall proceed to the " Trial of such Action or Actions at the First or Second " Assizes to be holden for the " County of Worcester next after the Defendant or Defendants shall have pleaded to " such Action, and the Verdict " to be given shall be final and " conclusive, unless the Court " wherein the Action shall be " brought shall set aside the " same, and order a new Trial " to be had (which it shall be " lawful for the Court to do, as " usual in other Cases) and after any Verdict or Verdicts " shall have been obtained, and " not set aside by the Court, the " Party or Parties for whom " such Verdict or Verdicts shall " have been obtained, shall and " may procure his or their Costs " of Suit, to be taxed by the " proper Officer of the Court " where such Action shall have <( been brought, and the same " shall, in case a Verdict or " Verdicts be found for the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, be paid by the said Commissioners, or " any Three of them, out of the " Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtabling and passing this Act, " and carrying the same into " Execution, as herein after " mentioned; but in case a " Verdict or Verdicts shall be " found for the Defendant or " Defendants, and not set aside, " then the Defendant or Defendants Costs, being taxed by " the proper Officer, shall be " paid by the Plaintiff or Plain* " tills in such Action or Actions; but if no such Notice

« of

34 Geo. III.

6° Jun.

653

r

Pr. 14. 1. 18. Clause (B).

1. 21. Pr. 15. 1. 19.

1. 25.

1. 30-

Pr. 16. 1. 6. 1. 16. 1. 20. Pr. 17. 1. 10.

1. 17.

1. 30.

Pr. 18. 1. 14-1. 25. Pr. 19. I. 4-

1. 20. 1. 34-Pr. 20. 1. 26. Vol, 49.

U

u

" of Objection to the said Boundaries, or any Part thereof,

" shall be given as aforesaid, or " if after the giving of such " Notice no such Action shall " be brought or commenced,

" and proceeded in as aforesaid,

" by or through the Neglect or " Default of the Plaintiff or " Plaintiffs, then the Boundaries " which shall have been so set " out and fixed by the said " Commissioners, or any Three " of them, shall for ever afterwards be the Boundaries of " the said Parish of Corse, any " Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding "

After " inclosed" insert Clause (B).

" Provided nevertheless, and be it " further Enacted, That nothing herein contained shall " authorize or empower the said " Wakeman Long and John Cla-

"ridge, or either of them, or " their Successors, in any Respect to act or interfere in the " Execution of any of the Provisions, Powers, or Authorities herein contained, respecting the laying out and forming, or repairing, the Public Roads hereby directed to be " laid out and made in and " over the Lands and Grounds " hereby directed to be divided " and inclosed."

Leave out " Two " and insert

" Three."

In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

After " said " insert " Tract of " Land, being."

Leave out " in" and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

Leave out " in " and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

Leave out " in " and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

Leave out " Two" and insert,

" Three."

Leave out " Two" and insert

" Three."

Leave out " in" and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

Leave out " Two " and insert

"Three."

In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 21. I. 8. In the Interlineation, leave out

" Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 24. 1. 2. In the Interlineation, leave out " Two." and insert " Three."

1. 6. In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 25. 1. 3- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 32. Leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

Pr. 26. 1. 4- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 28. Leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

Pr. 27. 1. 5- Leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

Pr. 28. 1. 2. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 13- Leave out " in " and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

1- 35- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 29. 1. 21. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 23. Leave out " in " and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

1. 31. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 30. 1. 2. After " Land" insert "being Part " of the said Common called " Corse Lawn."

I.17. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three.

1. 24. Leave out " in" and insert " being Part of the said Common " called."

1. 27. After " Commissioners " insert " or any Three of them."

1. 37- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 31. 1.19. Leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

1. 27. In the Interlineation, leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

Pr. 32. 1. 3- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 14. Leave out " Two" and insert " Three."

1. 27. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 36. 1. 10. Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1- 39- Leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

Pr. 37- 1. 18. After " whomsoever " insert Clauses (C) and (D).

Clause (C). " And whereas the Owners of several Estates lying in the Parish " of Staunton, in the County of

" Worcester, claim to be entitled

to Corse In-

" to Common of Pasture in and " upon the said Tract of Land, " being Part of the said Common called Corse Laum, as lies " within the said Parish of , " as appurtenant to their said " Estates respectively, for all " their Commonable Cattle levant and couchant thereon, " and may be desirous of trying " such Claim at Law; Be^it " therefore further Enacted, " That the said Commissioners,

8 D

or

654

Amendments to Corse Inclosure Bill.

6° Junii.

A. 1794.

" or any Three of them, shall,

" and are hereby authorized and " required, by Examination of " Witnesses upon Oath (which " Oath the said Commissioners,

" or any Three of them, are " hereby empowered to administer) and by such other " Ways and Means as they think " proper, to hear and determine " the said Claim of the Owners " of Estates in the said Parish of " Staunton, and forthwith to reduce such Determination into " Writing, and the same shall, at " all seasonable Times, be open " to the Inspection of all Persons claiming to be interested,

" or their Agents, without Fee " or Reward; and in case any " Person shall object to such " Determination of the said " Commissioners, or any Three " of them, and shall give Notice thereof to the said Commissioners, or any One of " them, under his Hand, or the " Hand of his Agent, within " Two Calendar Months after " such Determination, it shall " be lawful for any One or "more of the Persons seised or " possessed of any of the Estates " in the said Parish of Staunton "to commence and prosecute,

" in any of His Majesty's Courts " of Record at Wee

" or more Action or Actions " against any of the Persons having Lands within the Parish " of Corse, and claiming Right " of Common in and upon the " said Tract of Land, being " Part of the said Common " called Corse Lawn as aforesaid,

" for ascertaining the Right of " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and " other the Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Staunton " aforesaid, claiming such Right " of Common as aforesaid, and " to declare therein as upon a " feigned Wager, as usual in " Declarations for trying Issues " directed by Courts of Equity,

" and such Declaration, in case " the Parties shall not agree in " settling the same, shall be settied by the proper Officer of " the Court wherein the Action " shall be brought, and after delivering such Declaration, the " Defendant or Defendants shall " forthwith appear, accept a Declaration, and plead to issue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall proceed to a the Trial of such Action or " Actions at the First or Second " Assizes to be holden for the " County of Worcester next after " the Defendant or Defendants " shall have pleaded to such " Action, and the Verdict to be " given shall be final find conelusive, unless the^ Court

<l wherein the Action shall be " brought shall set aside the " same, and order a new Trial " to be had (which it shall be " lawful for the Court to do as " usual in other Cases) and after " any Verdict or Verdicts shall " have been obtained, and not " set aside by the Court, the " Party or Parties for whom " such Verdict or Verdicts shall " be obtained, shall and may " procure his or their Costs of " Suit, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court where " such Action shall have been " brought, and the same shall,

" in case the Right be found " for the Owners of Lands in " Staunton aforesaid, be paid by " the said Commissioners, or any " Three of them, out of the " Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act,

" and carrying the same into " Execution, as herein after " mentioned; but in case a " Verdict or Verdicts should " pass for the Defendant or Defondants, and not be set aside,

" then the Defendant or Defendants Costs, being taxed by " the proper Officer, shall be " paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions: Provided always, that " if no such Action as aforesaid,

" nor any other, shall be commenced for trying the Right " claimed by the said Owners " of Estates in Staunton aforesaid within the Time before " limited for that Purpose, or " if brought, shall not, through " the Default or Neglect of the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein,

" be tried within the Time " hereinbefore limited for Trial " thereof, then and in either of " the said Cases the Determination of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, " touching such Claim as aforesaid, shall be final and con-u elusive, and all and every the " Proprietors of Estates in " Staunton aforesaid shall for " ever after be debarred of any " Right or Claim of Right of " Common in or upon the said " Tract of Land, being Part of " the said Common crnled Corse " Lawn, as lies within the said " Parishr of Corse, for or in respect of all or any of their " Estates lyingin Staunton aforesaid."

Clause (D). " Provided always, and be it fur-

" ther Enacted, That in case it " shall be found that the Owtiera of Estates within the said w Parish of Staunton, are in respect thereof entitled to such Right-of Common as aforesaid upon the said Tract of

" Land,

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii. 655

" Land, being part of the said " Common called Corse Lawn,

" then the said Commissioners,

" or any Three of them, shall " and are hereby required to set " out the Allotment of such " Part of the said Tract of Land " as aforesaid, for or in lieu of " such Right of Common, in " One entire Plot or Parcel of " Land adjoining to the said " Parish of Staunton, or as near " thereto as may be; and the " said Commissioners, or any of " them, shall not have any " Power or Authority to subdivide such Plot or Parcel of u Land, but the same shall be " held and enjoyed in common " by the Owners of Estates in the said Parish of Staunton entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, free from all " Right of Common in respect " of any Estates within the said " Parish of Corse; and that no " Allotment shall be set out or " made by virtue of this Act in " Lieu or Compensation of or " for the Soil or the Tythes of " such Plot or Parcel of Land, " but that the same shall remain " subject to the Right of Soil, " and to the Payment of Tythes, " in the same Manner, and to " such Person or Persons, as the " same would have been in case " this Act had not been made, " any Thing in this Act to the " contrary hereof notwithstand-

1. 21. ing. Leave out " Two" and insert

Pr. 39. 1. 27. " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

1. 35- " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

Pr. 41. 1. 27. " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

Pr. 42. 1. 7- " Three." In the Interlineation, leave out

1. 13- " Two " and insert Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1. 3>- " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

Pr. 43- 1. 2. " Three." Leave out " Two " and insert

I. 16. " Three." Leave out " Two " and insert

1. Si- " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

1. 35- " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

Pr. 45- I. 5- " Three." Leave out " Two " and insert

1. 36. " Three." Leave out from " Act' " to " And,"

Pr. 47- I. 29- in Pr. 46. 1. 16. Leave out " Two " and insert

Pr. 48. 1. 24. " Three." Leave out " Two " and insert

1. 30- " Three." Leave out " Two" and insert

1 37- " Three." Leave out " Two " and insert

" Three."

Vol. 49.

Pr. 49. 1. 14. Leave out " Two" " Three." and insert

1. 24. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1. 26. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 50. 1. 1. Leave out " Two" " Three." and insert

1. 30. Leave out " Two" " Three." and insert

1. 34- Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1- 39- Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 51. 1. 8. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 52. 1. 4- Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1. 21. Leave out "Two " " Three." and insert

1. 29. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 53. 1. 28. Leave out " Two" " Three." and insert

Pr. 56. 1. 10. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 62. 1- 33- Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 63. 1. 9- Leave out " Two" " Three." and insert

1. 12. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1. 27. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

I. 30. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 64. 1. 1. In the Interlineation " Two " and insert , leave out " Three."

1. n. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

1. 16. In the Interlineation, leave out " Two " and insert " Three."

1. 26. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 65. 1. 38. Leave out " Two " " Three." and insert

Pr. 67. 1. 31- After " Allotments" " Compensation." insert " or

1- 34- After "Allotments" " Compensation." insert " or

In the Title of the Bill, 1. 3. leave out " Lawns, Waste."

And the House being informed, that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do- carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Smythe, from Minutes of the Commissioners for building -a Bridge across the Proceedings River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the of- of Westmin-posite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ° and their the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts Treasurer's of Parliament, Accounts

Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners Pre®ented-of Westminster' Bridge, for the Year 1793; And also,

One Year's Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 10th of

October

Second Report from ‘ Committee of Secrecy.

656

October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793; and also, an Account of Bridge Rents which became due from the 5th of July 1792 to the 5th of July 1793.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Minutes and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had further examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The said Report, together with the Appendix* thereunto; and the Supplement* to the said Report, with the Appendix to such Supplement; are as followeth; viz.

The Committee to whom the several Papers referred to in His Majesty's Message of the 12th day of May 1794, and which were presented (sealed up) to the House, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, upon the 12th and 13th Days of the said Month, by His Majesty's Command, were referred; and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the same, as they should appear to them, to the House;

Have further proceeded in the Examination of the Books and Papers referred to them by the House, and of such other Information as they have since obtained.

The latter has consisted of a Variety of Examinations and Depositions taken before the Privy Council, of Papers found in the Custody of different Persons who have been apprehended, and of Accounts received by the Secretary of State relative to Discoveries made at Edinburgh, and in different Parts of Scotland: all which have been laid before your Committee.

The Result appears to your Committee strongly to confirm all the Propositions which they found it their Duty, on the Outset of their Enquiry, to submit to the House, and to leave no Doubt of the Nature, Extent, and Malignity of the extravagant Designs which have been formed, of the Regularity and System with which these Designs have been pursued, or of the rapid Progress of the Measures which had been taken in order to attempt to Carry them speedily into Execution.

Before the Committee submit to the House such further Details as appear necessary to give a general and comprehensive View of the Subject, and to shew the Origin and Progress of the Plan which has been in Agitation, they think it right to call the Attention of the House to some Transactions of a recent Date, and which appear to be of so much Importance as to deserve a separate Statement.

The first of these has already been shortly referred to in the former Report, and relates to the Measures laken for providing Arms, to be distributed among the Members of the several Societies, and for preparing the Means of employing actual Force in the Execution of their Project.

The Circumstance which first came under the Observation of your Committee, containing a distinct Trace of Measures of this Description, was a Letter -from a Person at Sheffield, by Profession a Printer

A. 1794

(who has since absconded) which was thus addressed — " Citizen Hardy, Secretary of the London Corresponding Society," and which was found in the Possession of Hardy on the 12th Day of May last, when he was taken into Custody.

The Letter is as follows:

" Fellow Citizens, Sheffield, April 24, 1794.

" The barefaced Aristocracy of the present Administration has made it necessary that we should " be prepared to act on the Defensive against any uAttack they may command their newly armed " Minions to make upon us. A Plan has been " hit upon; and if encouraged sufficiently, will, " no Doubt, have the Effect of furnishing a Quantity of Pikes to the Patriots; great enough to " make them formidable. The Blades are made " of Steel, tempered and polished after an approved " Form. They may be fixed into any Shafts; but "Fir ones are recommended, of the Girth of the " accompanying Hoops at the Top End, and " about an Inch more at the Bottom. The " Blades and Hoops, more than which cannot be u properly sent to any great Distance, will be " charged One Shilling. Money to be sent with " the Order. As the Institution is in its Infancy, " immediate Encouragement is necessary.

" Orders may be sent to the Secretary of the Sheffield Constitutional Society.

" Signed.

" To prevent Post Suspicion, direct to " [Here follows, in the Original, the Name of the Person to whom the Letters were to be addressed, and his Residence at Sheffield.]

This Letter contained another inclosed, directed to the Secretary of the Norwich Patriotic Societies, which was founa in the Possession of the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society; and which is as follows:

" Fellow Citizen,

" -The barefaced Aristocracy of the present Administration has made it necessary to prepare to " act upon the Defensive, in case of any Attack " upon the Patriots.

" A Plan has been formed for carrying into " Effect this necessary Business. Pike Blades are " made with Hoops for the Shafts to fit the Top " Ends; the Bottom End of the Shafts should be " about an Inch thicker; and Fir is recommended " for the Shafts, selected by Persons who are Judges " of Wood. lire Blades and Hoops will be sold " at the Rate of One Shilling, properly tempered " and polished. The Money sent with the " Orders.

" Signed.

" Direct to" [Here follows, in the Original, the Name of the Person to whom the Letters were to be addressed, and his Residence at Sheffield] " to prevent " the Postmaster's Suspicion."

Your Committee soon after found that by the different Examinations taken before the Privy Council, it was fully established that the general Idea of procuring Arms (either Musquets or Pikes) to be distributed among the Members, had of late been frequently the Subject of Conversation at different Divisions among the leading Members of the Corresponding

Society,

6° yunii.

Struck through in( the Original. (

The Appendix was not delivered in to the House until the 7th Instant; and the Supplement, with the Appendix thereto, was

not delivered in until the 16th Instant.

34 Geo. III.

Society, and among Persons who have been most active in the Measures lately taken; that although these Conversations had frequently taken place, they had generally been after the Business of the Meetings was closed, and when only a few Persons remained. It appears indeed to have been, in a great Measure, agreed that this Plan was not to be publicly mentioned at the Divisions; particularly it was recommended by One of the most active Persons not to mention it till the new Plan of Constitution fqr the Society was settled. And it has appeared (in the Course of this Investigation) that the Arming Business was all done by private Members, and that it was held not fit to talk of the Pikes but to those who were to be trusted: That the General Business was done by a Committee of Delegates, but there was a Secret Committee of Five Persons, who transacted what was not to be entrusted to the Whole of the Corresponding Society; that they meet at private Houses, and that all the Correspondence comes to them, and what they think proper is laid before the Society. But although this Plan of Precaution and Concealment must have prevented the Discovery of a great Part of this System, Instances have occurred of Proceedings at some of the Divisions of the Corresponding Society, relative to procuring Arms, which your Committee have been enabled to "ascertain. As early as November 1793, at a Meeting of a Division of the Society, held at a Place named to the Committee, a violent Speech was made by a Member of the Society, recommending that Arms should be procured, and mentioning that they were provided with Arms and Pikes at Sheffield-, and another Member said it would be good to provide Pikes at Six Pence each: Afterwards, in the Month of February last, at a Meeting of One of the Divisions of the Corresponding Society named to the Committee, and at a Place ascertained to them, it was proposed to issue new Books, with the Names and Places of Abode of the several Members, and that the Names of those who lived in the same Neighbourhood should be placed together, that they might easily be assembled upon any Emergency, in case Government should attempt to disperse their Meetings; and a Resolution for this Purpose was passed soon after at a subsequent Meeting.

At the same Meeting a Member of another Division attended, and stated to the Chairman, that he came to make a Report from his Division. — He stated a Rumour that the Habeas Corpus Act would be soon suspended. — This Intelligence he was deputed to give, that the Society at large might be prepared for the Event: Upon this a Speech was made by a Person who was a Member of the Committee mentioned in the former Report, in which he recommended to each Member to provide himself with Arms and Ammunition, in order to defend himself against any Persons who might attack him, whether they should be of this Country, Prussians, Hessians, or Hanoverians.

And in the beginning of April last, at the same Division, it appears that ,a Report was made from the General Committee, That an Answer had been received from the Society for Constitutional Information, expressive of their Desire to co-dperate with them in obtaining their great End; and desiring a Deputation might be sent to consult and deliberate with them. In consequence a certain Number of the Committee were appointed: And on this Occasion One of the Members recommended to the Citizens not to sit tamely silent and inactive, but to rouse themselves, and, not only with Words, but Arms, assert their Rights: — He said, they were on the Eve of a General Meeting, and they should go with their Minds prepared to adopt a System which might be reduced to speedy Practice, and rescue their Fellow Citizens (meaning the Scotch Delegates) from their degrading Situation. It also appears to your Com-

V Ota,

657

mittee, that a Plan was in Contemplation to subdivide each Division into Tythings, and to appoint Tything Men to each, for the Purpose " of rendering the mselves useful in case of Emergency;" which was explained to mean, that in case the Society should be interrupted by Peace Officers, or a Press Gang, they should resist any such Interruption. As another Instance of the Measures taken to instigate the People to arm, an Account was given of a Hand Bill produced at one of the Meetings, which was to the following Effect:

" The Ins tell us we are in Danger of Invasion " from the French.

" The Outs tell us that we are in Danger from " the Hessians and Hanoverians.

" In either Case we should arm ourselves. — Get " Arms, and learn how to use them."

Several Copies of this Hand Bill were proved to have been publicly produced at a Meeting of One of the Divisions, by a Person who said he nad printed them for the purpose of distributing as many as possible.

In the Progress of the Enquiry, Information was received from a Witness, whose Accuracy has since been confirmed in a Variety of striking Instances, that a Person named in the Information, an active Promoter of these Measures, and a Delegate of One of the Divisions, had shewn the Witness a Pike in his Possession, of which a minute Description was given. The Witness stated this Person to have given an Account of the Use to which these Pikes might be applied; that it was supposed no Regiment of Horse could stand against them; that such Pikes were manufacturing at Sheffield; and that he had received from the Secretary of the Corresponding Society the Direction of the Person from whom he might procure them; that the Price was to be One Shilling apiece, and if they cost more, the Overplus would be paid by a Person at Sheffield, who would be indemnified by the Society. The Witness also stated the same Person to have given an Account of a Meeting intended to be held at a Public House (which was named) on a Day specified for the Purpose of fixing the Number of Pikes to be sent for. The Pierson stated to have held this Conversation, and another Person said to have been present at it (who was also One of the most active Members of the London Corresponding Society) were soon after apprehended, and a Pike exactly answering to the Description given by the Witness tvas found upon each of them. In the subsequent Investigation of the Business, your Committee have received strong Confirmation of the principal Circumstances of the Conversation stated by the Witness, respecting the Use to which the Pikes might be applied, the Direction given by the Secretary of the Corresponding Society, in order to procure them frflm Sheffield, the Price to be paid for them, and the intended Meeting for the Purpose of fixing the Number to be sent for, and of depositing One Shilling apiece for the Purchase. One of the Persons so apprehended, in explaining the Use to be made of the Pikes from Sheffield, said, the Persuasion was, and he himself believed, the Government were conspiring against the People, and therefore should be resisted. Another Witness has since stated, that he had understood from One of the Persons apprehended, that his Pike was to be used (in case the People were to rise) for the particular Purpose of keeping off the Cavalry.

Your Committee, in the Course of this Examination, observed, that an Account, was given of some supposed Meeting of Military Divisions, connected with the Corresponding Society, for the Purpose of learning their Exercise with Musquets; and it w^s stated, that with a View to instructing them, there

8 E had

6° Juniu

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

658 6° Junil . 1794.

had been printed and sold a Copper-plate Engraving of the Manual Exercise, accompanied with a Book of Directions on the Subject. This Engraving was afterwards produced, and it was proved to have been bespoke by one Person, and engraved by another, whose Names were mentioned, both of whom were Members of the London Corresponding Society, and . One of them a Secretary to One of the Divisions, and to have been sold by another Member of the Society to several Members at a Meeting of One of the Divisions. A more particular Account was afterwards given of a Body formed for the Purpose of exercising with Fire Arms, which had taken the Name of The Loyal Lambeth Association, but which had held no Communication with Government, nor received any Authority for that Purpose. It appears, that although this armed Society bore the Name of The Loyal Lambeth Association, none of the Members belonging to it were of the Parish of Lambeth, excepting the original Proposer of the Association, who was a Member of the London Corresponding Society. The Admission of Persons who were afterwards Members of the Association was objected to at first, because they did not belong to the London Corresponding Society; but on Promise that they would become Members of the London Corresponding Society, they were admitted Into this armed Association. A Gun Engraver, who is also a Member of the London Corresponding Society, and who furnished! this Association with Mus-quets, was first introduced to the Person who set on Foot the Association, by the Secretary of the Corresponding Society. This Association was regularly trained and exercised in the Use of Fire Arms Twice a Week. It has been given in Evidence, that this Association removed from the House of a Tradesman in the Borough, where they used to exercise, because they made so much Noise with the Arms that the Workmen must know what they were about, the Tradesman having different Workmen, who might not be all of the same Principle. Upon this Suggestion, ft Committee was appointed to choose proper Places for Exercise, where the Association might not be liable to be interrupted by the Officers of Police; and Two Places, named to your Committee, were appointed accordingly, to which the Association adjourned in Two separate Divisions. At one of these Places they exercised in a Room on the Second Floor, and with the Window Curtains drawn, and on some Occasions, at another Place, by Candle Light, from Eight to Ten o'Clock at Night, with the Shutters barred up. At the Place where the Lambeth Association met, there was a printed Ticket of Admission with the following Inscription engraved on it, " Liberty to those who dare " defend it." The Object of all the Persons who attended the Association (as was collected from their Conversation) was Universal Suffrage and Annual Election. If they could not obtain a Reform in Parliament in any other Way, they meant to have Recourse to Arms. The Committee have traced Eighteen Stand of Arms actually purchased by this Association. This Number, purchased by Persons apparently in very indigent Circumstances, is a sufficient Proof of their Earnestness in the Design in which they had engaged. But it further appears, that the same Person who supplied this Number had engaged to furnish Arms, as the Numbers who desired to have them increased; and that Sixty Musquets had been mentioned as likely to be wanted for this Association. — It also appears to your Committee, that other Institutions of the same Nature existed, and that Subscriptions had been opened for the Purpose of providing Musquets. In Addition to the Means already enumerated for gradually providing Pikes and Musquets, it has appeared in Evidence, that One of the Schemes in Agitation

n

was to seize the Arms in the Shops of the Gunsmiths in London, and to distribute the Arms, so seized, among the Members of the London Corresponding Society.

These Proceedings in London, sufficiently important in themselves, become still more deserving of serious Consideration, when combined with Measures of a similar Description taken at Sheffield, and in several Parts of Scotland, and which not only coincide ia Point of Time, but bear the strongest Marks of deliberate Concert and Connection with the Attempts in London, to which your Committee have already directed the Attention of the House. Your Committee have already inserted in this Report a Letter from a Person at Sheffield, found in the Possession of the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, and inclosing a Direction to another Person at Sheffield, who was to forward to the Maker of the Pikea all such Orders as he might receive from London for that Purpose.

It has appeared, from the concurrent Testimony of several Persons examined before the Privy Council, that this Direction was actually given by the Secretary of the Corresponding Society to One of its Members; that many Persons were desirous of procuring Pikes; and that Subscriptions had been already entered into, with the View of procuring them from Sheffield. One of the other Persons apprehended at Sheffield, who had been Secretary to the Constitutional Society there, and upon whom a Pike was found, acknowledged that he had seen the Letter to the Secretary of the Corresponding Society in London, containing the Inclosure for Norwich; and that the Writer told him he had inclosed the Letter for Norwich in the other for Fear of Suspicion: The same Person also said, he could not doubt in the least that the Pikes were to be furnished to London, according to the Contents of the Letter which had been explained to him at Sheffield* It appears that some Time in March last, a Person calling himself Yorke, a Member of the Constitutional Society at London, and who was chosen by them as One of their Delegates to the Convention at Edit* burgh, recommended it to the People of Sheffield to take Arms, representing it as a Matter of Right, founded on the Bill of Rights, and observing that the opposite Party was arming, and therefore that the other Party should be armed also; that Yorke used these Recommendations both in private and public; told them in Conversation, just after the Meeting at Shffield, where he had been Chairman, that Pikea were used in France; and recommended to the People to get Arms, according to an Advertisement published at Sheffield, saying that it was legal and constitutional; and that they ought to get Pikes as in France. This Measure of arming was approved of by the greater Part of the Society at Sheffield, which appears from Information' before your Committee to be very numerous, and to have been subdivided into 45 or 50 small Bodies, or different Clubs. In consequence of these Recommendations, Pikes were made at Sheffield under Yorke's Orders, and the Form and Size were regulated by his particular Direction — Your Committee think it of Importance to call the Attention of the House to this Circumstance, as they shall have Occasion to advert more particularly, in a subsequent Part of this Report, to the Principles and Views publicly avowed by Yorke, at a Meeting held at Sheffield on the 7th of April last. Four Persons are stated to have been employed in the Manufacture of these Pikes, and One of these Persons to have worked at them for some Weeks past; and it appears that several have been already made and sold to different Persons at , at

the Price of 20 d.apiece: The Pike taken upon One of the Persons apprehended at Sheffield answers precisely to the Description given in the Letter before inserted.

Ia

34 Geo. III

6° yunii.

In Addition to this Account of the Measures taken for providing Pikes, it must be observed, that the Three Persons apprehended at Sheffield concur in declaring that they had seen there a Pattern of an Instrument which has, on different Occasions, been used in Military Operations for impeding the Approach of Cavalry, and which was stated by the Witnesses to be intended to be laid in the Road at Night for that Purpose. — One of them said that he had no Doubt that this Instrument was formed with the same Intention as the Pikes, to defend the Meeting at Sheffield against the Military. It was also stated, that about the Time when these Arms were prepared, they had resolved at Sheffield (as will appear more particularly in the Sequel of the Report) that no further Petition should be made to Parliament on the Subject of Reform, although they intended to go on in their Demands; and One of the Persons examined said, if any Meetings were to be held at Shffield for the Purpose of obtaining Universal Suffrage, and any Attempt made to disturb such Meeting, he thought the People would be justified in Resistance.

While your Committee were employed in investigating the Origin and Progress of the Plan for arming the People in London and at Sheffield, they received Intelligence of the Existence of similar Designs in,

which appear to have been in a much greater Degree of Forwardness, and to have been conducted with such Secrecy that they might have produced the most serious Consequences, if Accident had not led to a timely Discovery of their Nature and Extent before they had been carried into Execution. This Intelligence was communicated to your Committee in several Letters from Mr. Secretary Dundas, which contain so full a Narrative of the Circumstances leading to the Discovery of the Design, of the Scope and Nature of the Design itself, of the Principles with which it was connected, and of the Means by which it was to have been accomplished, that your Committee have thought they could not lay tins important Matter before the House in a more satisfactory Manner than by inserting the Letters at large in this Place — It is however to be observed, that besides what relates immediately to this particular Head, these Letters contain Matters applying to other important Branches of the Subject of this Report; and to which it will be necessary hereafter to refer; and that many of the important Circumstances detailed in Mr. Dundass Letters have been also communicated to your Committee through other Channels.

Whitehall, 19th May 1794.

" SIR,

" I have received, this Morning, from the Sheriff " Depute of the County of Edinburgh, authentic " Information of an accidental Discovery made on " the 15th and 16th Ulthe general Report of " which I feel it proper to state to you, as it seems " materially connected with the Enquiry in which " the Secret Committee of the House of Commons " is nowr engaged.

" The Creditors of a Bankrupt having received " Information that Part of his Goods had been embezzled, and were secreted in the House of an " Individual, the usual Warrant was issued, authorizing a Search to be made in the suspected " Place; and in carrying it into Execution, on the " Afternoon of the 15th, the Officers discovered in " a private Place, where they appeared to have M been concealed, Twelve Pike or Spear Heads.

" The Proprietor of the House, who happened to " be from Home at the Time, was soon thereafter " taken into Custody, and on being carried before " the proper Magistrate for Examination, refused Vol. 49.

659

" to give any Account of these Weapons, to whom Second R«they belonged, or for what Purposes they were " intended. On a more narrow Search, there was of Secrecy. " likewise discovered, in a private and concealed " Part of the House, Two other Pike or Spear " Heads, similar to the others, Two Battle Axes,

" and a Shaft or Pole, with a Screw on the End,

" fitted for receiving either the Spear Head or " Battle Axe.

" Immediate Enquiry being made after the Persons with whom this Individual had lately been " seen in Company, and Two Blacksmiths being " mentioned among them, their Houses and Shops " were immediately searched; One of the Two " was also taken into Custody; the other escaped " and absconded. — In the Shop of the First1 of these " Men were found Four Pike or Spear Heads,

" finished, fitted with Screws and Sockets, and ready " to be fixed on Shafts; Eight Battle Axes, also fitted " and finished; and Twenty Blades more nbt quite " finished, but nearly so.

"In the Shop and Dwelling House of the other,

" who had absconded, no such Weapons were " found; but the Apprentices, on being examined " before a Magistrate, acknowledged that the Pike " or Spear Heads first discovered had been privately manufactured in their Master's Shop " during the Course of this Fortnight past, and carried privately to his House as soon as completed.

" The Battle Axes and Blades appear also to " have been manufactured within this Fortnight.

" past; and were intended, as the Maker of them " said, for the Purpose of arming the People,

" should an Invasion take Place. But it appears,

" that to his Apprentices, whom he had employed " in assisting him to make them, he pretended they " were meant for a Gate, an Account obviously " false, as he could not point out any Gate for which " these Weapons were intended, nor name any Person who had ordered him to frame a Gate of so " particular a Construction.

" These Circumstances have induced the Magistrates to commit all the Persons concerned,

" for Examination; and the Result of the Enquiries " which are at present carrying forward, I expect " will be regularly communicated to me. — It is " proper also to inform you, that all the Persons " chiefly concerned appear to have been Members " of the British Convention which met at Edinburgh last Winter; and since the Dispersion of it " have continued the most active and leading Persons in the Societies whose Delegates composed " the principal Part of that Meeting, who appear " at present taking Measures for calling another " Convention of the same Nature, which they expected is to take place soon in; and

" some of whom have acknowledged that the Propriety of the Individuals composing these Societies arming themselves with Spears and Pikes " has, within these few Weeks past, been the Subject " of Conversation amongst them, and Steps taken " for carrying that Purpose into Execution with " Caution and Secrecy.

" The Silence of One of the Persons, the inconsistent and contradictory Account of the other,

" and the Flight of the Third, throw a very strong " Suspicion on the Purposes and Intentions of the " Parties concerned in this Transaction. The " Sheriff is, in the Course of his Duty, proceeding " to investigate the Matter more accurately: But I " consider it necessary and proper to communicate " through you to the Committee Information so " intimately connected with the Object of its Er.quiries, however imperfect that Information still

" jg

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

660

" is, but which I have no Doubt will soon be " completed.

" I am,

" SIR,

" Your most obedient

" Humble Servant,

" HENRY

" Right Honble. Mr. Pitt."

Whitehall, 23d May 1794.

" SIR,*

" I have received, this Morning, farther Accounts " from the Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, of the " Transactions stated in my last Letter; and the " Result of the Enquiries since made by that Magistrate, and which are still going forward, appear to me of such a Nature as to deserve " the particular Attention of the Secret Committee.

" One of the Individuals mentioned in my former Letter has since made a Disclosure, and a " Person since taken into Custody, and who appears to have been privy to the whole Transaction, has confessed, that these Weapons were the " First of a very large Number and Quantity, ac-. " tually ordered to be made, and intended to be " privately dispersed among the Members of the " various Societies throughout Scotland, stiling " themselves Friends of the People, and who appear to be at present employed in taking Measures for calling together another British Convention of Delegates to be held in England. An " Order has been given from One Town alone in " Scotland, for a large Quantity of Weapons of the " Nature described; no less a Number than 4,000 " has been mentioned, and more are intended to " be distributed in Edinburgh. Emissaries appear " also to have been dispatched, within this Fortnight or Three Weeks past, to the Manufacturing Towns in the West of Scotland, for the Purpose of sounding the Inclinations of such of the " Inhabitants there who are known to be Members of these Societies; and there is Reason to " believe, from Information received from various " different Quarters, that these Persons have by no " Means been unsuccessful.

" Paisley is in particular alluded to as being in a " State of great Readiness; and there has been " positive Information received through other Channels, that within these Three Weeks Persons of " that Description have assembled themselves to a " very considerable Number in the Night Time, for " the Purpose of practising the Use of Arms. The " Particulars of this Information, and the Extent " to which these Meetings have proceeded, are at " present Matter of Enquiry with the proper Magistrates of the Place; but the Result has not yet " been received.

"The Formation of this Plan i3 now traced " Home to certain Persons, some of whom are in Custody, who appear to be entrusted by these " Societies in Scotland with the most unlimited " Powers in directing their future Proceedings — " carrying on their Correspondence — and who act " as a Committee of Secrecy, consisting of a certain " Number of Persons, the principal and most " active Members of the British Convention. The " choosing of Delegates to the expected Convention in England, the Place of whose Meeting is " not yet divulged, and the raising of Contributions among the various Societies throughout " Scotland, for defraying the Charges of such Delegates, appear to be the material Part of their " present Employment, and in which it would

A. 1794

" seem they have made some Progress. And it is " the same Committee who have, for these some " Weeks past, been consulting and taking Measures " for arming themselves and the Members of the " various Clubs with Pikes and Battle Axes, and " who have employed the Persons above mentioned " in manufacturing the m. The Scheme appears to " have been first proposed and agreed upon about " a Month ago; to have been since carried on with " the utmost Secrecy and Caution; and the Wea- pons, so far as has yet been discovered, manufactured by such Persons, in such small Quantities,

" in such Circumstances, and under such Pretences,

" as not to render the Progress of the Work " probably liable to Suspicion or Detection; and " it was brought to Light by the very accidental and " singular Incident which I mentioned in my former,

" Letter.

" I have the Satisfaction of observing, that the " Magistrates and Officers of the Law in Scotland "have been, and still continue, active in the " Searches and Enquiries making at the different " suspected Places within their respective Jurisdictions. — In Perth and Dundee nothing has been " discovered which can lead me to believe that " Measures have been taken in either of these " Places for making Arms, the Manufacture of " which seems to have been confined to " and intended to have been gradually dispersed from " thence to such Places as required them. — No such " Weapons have been discovered at Paisley, or in " its Neighbourhood; though the Intention of " arming, and holding regular Nightly Meetings, are " perfectly ascertained.

" Information has also been communicated, of " the Authenticity of which there is no Room to " doubt, that a Conspiracy has been formed, as " soon as a proper Number of these Weapons " were distributed among the Friends of the People " in Edinburgh, to seize in the Night the Persons " of the principal Magistrates, and Officers of the " Law; the Banks, the Public Offices, Guards,

" and Prison; and after inticing the Soldiery from " the Castle, by kindling a Fire in the Middle of »

" the City, to intercept them on their Return, by " Means of different armed Parties to be properly " stationed for that Purpose.

" It appears likewise, from indisputable Facts,

" that the most secret and artful Means have been " and me still using with the Fencible Regiments " in Scotland to excite them to Disobedience and

Mutiny. — The printed Paper which I herewith Appendix A. " transmit has been industriously circulated for that Oto- ')

" Purpose.

" I have the Honour to be,

" SIR,

" Your most obedient

" Humble Servant,

" HENRY " Right Honble. Mr. Pitt.

" Whitehall, 24th May 1794.

" SIR,

" I have received no further Accounts of the " Result of the Enquiries going on in Edinburgh;

"but I am sorry to state that I have received Information from the Sheriff of the County of " frew, confirmed by Letters received from other " respectable Persons in Paisley, that the Magistrates of that Place having, in the Course of " their Enquiries, committed on the Afternoon of " the 19th a Man to Custody for further Examination, a considerable Number of Persons (several Hundreds) assembled in the Evening, and after

6° Junii.

34 Geo. III. 6° ¥umi. 1

" after choosing a President, whom they addressed " by the Title oiCitizen President, voted a Number of Resolutions to the following Purpose — That " a National Convention should be immediately " called, to which they would send Delegates — " That they should not petition Parliament, as it " was to themselves alone, and to such Convention, " they could look for Redress. They then proceeded to consider the Conduct of the Sheriff and Magistrates in committing their Brother Citizen, " as he was termed; and, after much Discussion " as to the Propriety of immediately releasing him " by Force, the Majority seemed inclined to take " mild Measures first, and to send a Deputation " to ask his Release. But the Magistrates having " received Information of what was intended, and " dismissed the Man from Custody, the Mob dispersed with Three Cheers, having been previously " instructed by their President to abstain from further " Tumult, and to observe a peaceable and orderly " Conduct.

" The Authority of the Civil Magistrate is in the mean Time entirely superseded; arid until " a proper Force is sent to protect them in the " future Execution of their Duty, which has been " anxiously required by the Sheriff and Magistrates, " they dare not proceed in the common Course of " legal and judicial Enquiry against any of the " Persons who are suspected of being concerned in " these violent and tumultuary Proceedings. But " it cannot escape the Observation of the Committee, how accurately this Intelligence corresponds with and confirms the Information Yesterday communicated as to the State of the " Minds of these People in that Neighbourhood; " the Alarm which their Leaders feel as to the Resuit of the legal Enquiries at present depending; " and the regular systematic Connection between "them and the Leaders. at Edinburgh, as discovered from the yet unfinished and hasty Examinations taken in that City.

" I have the honour to be,

" SIR, *

Your most obedient " Humble Servant,

" HENRY

" Right Honble. Mt.

White27th May, 1794.

" SIR,

" I have, this Morning, received farther Information from Scotland, which appears to me proper " to be communicated to the Committee.

" The Persons in whose Custody tthe Weapons, " formerly described, were found, appear to have " acted for some Time past under the Name of a " Committee of Ways and Means appointed by " the British Convention, and to have been empowered by the various Societies throughout " Scotland to direct all their future Proceedings. — uBy means of Emissaries privately dispatched to " different Parts of the Country, this Committee " has signified to, and prepared a Number of the " Societies for the approaching Convention in " England, many of whom have chosen, and all, " as far as is yet known, agreed to choose Delegates to attend it, and subscribe for their Experices. — The Time and Place of Meeting was " not divulged, and were to be communicated " from Edinburgh in proper Time, by Individuals " to be sent from thence for that Purpose, whose " Arrival was Daily looked for by several of the " different Societies. — One of the Members of the " late Convention at Edinburgh appears within " this Fortnight past to have been dispatched, and to have actually performed an extensive Tour Vo l. 49.

" through the West Part of Scotland, to have visited " in his Progress the Towns of Queensferry,

" kirk, Stirling, St. Nimans, Kelsyth, Kirkintulloch,

" Campsie, Glasgow, and Paisley, in all of which " Places he appears to have met with the principal " Persons concerned in these Societies; to have left " with them, and the Members of the Societies, " Copies of a Circular Letter from the Committee " of Edinburgh, and instructed them in what Manner " they were in future to carry on their Correspondence; and to have suggested to them the Propriety of furnishing themselves with Arms, for " the Purposes of Defence, under the Pretence of " defending themselves against Foreign Troops. —

" An Attempt has been made to distribute some of " the Weapons lately discovered at Edinburgh, by " Means of Persons privately dispatched to the " Country for that Purpose; and which seems only " to have failed in its Execution from the Timidity " of the Person solicited to do so.

" An Individual of the same Description has " been taken into Custody in the Country, who appears to have commissioned, and actually received " from England, some Musquets and Bayonets.

" On being questioned by the proper Magistrate, he " has refused giving any Explanation, farther than " that he commissioned them in the Way of his " Business — But it does not appear that he ever " dealt in such Articles before; no Person appears to have commissioned him' to procure any " such; and there seems to be full Evidence of his " having solicited others to purchase what they of " themselves were not thinking of, or wishing to " provide. '

" He admits having corresponded with the London " Corresponding Society on the Subject of a Convention, and that the Society of which he is a " Leader had agreed to send Delegates to it, as " soon as the Time and Plaee of meeting should be " divulged.

" A Requisition has been made by the Magistrates and principal Inhabitants of Paisley, for " a Military Force to protect them in the Execution of their Duty, and in their Persons and Propertjes; which has been duly attended to — It is " with much Satisfaction I inform you, that the " Gentlemen of Estate and Character, in the County " of Renfrew, have voluntarily stepped forward,

" and determined to support the Authority of the " Civil Magistrate.

" I have the Honour to be,

"SIR,

Your most obedient " Humble Servant,

"HENR

" Right Honble. Mr. Pitt."

" Whitehall, 2d June, 1794.

" SIR, .

" The Information I have received, this Morning,

" from Edinburgh, enables me to state to the Committee, that the Transactions communicated in " my former Letters are farther cleared up by the " Enquiries which have since taken place in that " City. '

" Some of the Persons who absconded on the " first Discovery of the Arms concealed in certain " Houses have been discovered and apprehended;

" and the Result of these farther Enquiries confirms, in almost every Particular, the Account " received from other Quarters, and the Import of " which I have already laid before the Committee.

" — The Establishment of a Secret Committee at " Edinburgh, invested with full Powers to direct " the future Operations of the Societies throughout 8 F " Scotland;

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Vide Appendix A. (N° ‘2.)

662

6° Junii. A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

" Scotland; the regular Correspondence privately " carried on by Means of Emissaries dispatched to " the different Towns; the ascertaining the exact " Number of Persons in these Societies, who were " directed to provide themselves with Arms, and " to hold themselves in Readiness for any Measure " which the Secret Committee might in due Time " communicate; are confirmed by every Account " and Information which the Magistrates have received. And an Individual who has been lately " taken into Custody has confirmed the Account " received from a different Quarter, of the dangerous Design planned by the Edinburgh Committee, of effecting a general Insurrection as soon " as they were ready and prepared for carrying * it into Execution, by the Seizure of the principal " Magistrates and Officers of the Law at Midnight, " and possessing themselves of the Prisons and " Public Offices, as stated to you in my Letter " of the 23d May, and then communicated through " a different Channel from that through which " the present Confirmation of these Circumstances " has been received. The Plan seems not only " to have been discussed and deliberated on by " the Ringleaders at Edinburgh, but to have proceeded a certain Degree in its Steps towards u actual Execution, which appear to have been " conducted with the utmost Caution; and there " is Reason to believe, that the Execution of the Plan was not to be confined to Edinburgh, but " was meant to take place in some of the most " considerable Towns in Scotland on a certain Day, " and at one and the same Time. The proper " and usual Steps have been taken for bringing " the Offenders to Trial; and those against whom " the Information chiefly points are detained in " Custody.

" I have the Honour to be,

" SIR,

" Yoilr most obedient

" Humble Servant,

" H

" Right Honble. Mr. Pitt."

From what has been stated it appears, that the Design of arming, as far as it has yet proceeded, has been conducted with great Secrecy and Caution, and at the same Time with a remarkable Degree of Uniformity and Concert in Parts of the Kingdom remote from each other. The Weapons principally provided seem to have been peculiarly calculated for the Purposes of sudden Violence, and to have been chosen in Conformity to the Example of what has recently passed in France. The actual Progress made in the Execution of the Design, during the short Period of a few Weeks, sufficiently shews what might have been expected, if the Societies had proceeded, without Interruption, in increasing the Number of their Members, and the Fund for providing Arms.

YOUR Committee will next proceed to lay before the House, an Account of various remarkable Circumstances, which have appeared in the Course of this Investigation, and which furnish striking Instances, either of the general Principles on which the chief Promoters of this Plan have acted, or of specific Measures which they had in Contemplation, and which, from their Nature and Importance, deserve to be particularly noticed.

The general Disposition of the Persons engaged in these Measures, to applaud and promote the new political Principles adopted in France, has been stated in the former Report, and will be more detailed in the Sequel: But it seems proper to your Committee here to mention some of the Letters of Two of the most

active Members of the Corresponding Society, which shew their Adherence to the Cause of France in the present War; their Conviction of tht Connection between that Cause and their own Objects; and their Views even of availing themselves, if possible, of the Assistance of the French Arms in carrying their Designs into Execution.

In a Letter from Hardy to the United Societies at Norwich, dated the 17th October 1793, which is in- Ap^n.d‘^ B‘ serted in the Appendix, there is this remarkable Pas- ' sage — " The Rejoicings for the Capture of Valenciennes " were not confined to Norwich alone. The Ignorant every where else throughout the Nation betrayed their Imbecility on the Occasion; but the "taking of a Town, the slaughtering of Thousands of " Human Beings; the laying waste whole Provinces,

" or the enslaving a Nation ( great Evils

" they may be) can only, for a small Space of Time,

" retard the Progress of Truth and Reason: Be not " disheartened therefore, pursue your Plan, instruct " Mankind, and Constitutionally set your Faces against " existing Abuses: Be assured that many are our "Friends, who only wait a favourable Opportunity " openly to join us, while our Enemies have much " enfeebled themselves and their Cause by arbitrary " Exertions: Despotism is at its last Gasp; One or " Two Campaigns more will terminate its Existence."

And in a subsequent Letter from Margarot to the Appendix B, United Societies at Norwich, dated in March last, (N° 3-) the Sentiments expressed are still more striking: —

" This Morning Ten Ships of War have left " head for the Channel, and it is reported that the " Brest Fleet is out. Rumour, always magnifying " Things, says there are Seventy Sail of the French " at Sea, if so, there must be a Number of Transports " among them, and a DESCENT MAY PROBABLY

" BE THE CONSEQUENCE. For God's Sake,

" my worthy Friends, do not relax in the Cause of " Freedom. — Continue as you have begun; — consolidate " your own Societies; — unite with others; — persevere " and make no Doubt but sooner or later your Endeavow's will be crowned with Success." At the Time of writing this last Letter, Margarot was no longer in a Situation to take a Part in the Proceedings of the Society, being then on Board the Vessel in which he was to be transported. But it appears to your Committee, that these Expressions from him are of no small Importance, considering the Share which he appears, by much concurrent Evidence, to have had, previous to his Conviction, in directing the Measures which were adopted; the uniform Approbation and Attachment which those Societies have shewn him since that Date; and above all that these very Sentiments are addressed to the United Societies at Norwich, and that the Mention of an expected Descent from France is immediately followed by an Exhortation to them to proceed, with fresh Vigour, in the Pursuit of their Designs in this Country.

The same Spirit appears in a Letter from the Secretary Appendix B. of the Corresponding Society, in the Month of January (N°a.)

1794: " Now is the Time for us to do something worthy " of Men; the brave Defenders of Liberty South of *

" the English Channel are performing Wonders, driving their Enemies before them like Chaff before the " Whirlwind."

Your Committee place less Reliance on Accounts of Words used in Conversation than on Evidence resulting from written Documents; but they nevertheless think it proper to mention, that it has been distinctly stated in Evidence, that, in the Presence of Two or Three principal Members of the Corresponding Society, a Person (whose Name was mentioned) used the Expression, speaking of the French, that a Victory of theirs in Flanders was as useful to the Cause as a Victory in St. George's Fields; and the same Person appears to have held a Conversation with these

Members

34 Geo. III. 6° Yu 663

Members of the Society, relative to the Advantage which would be derived if the French could land 5,000 Men in this Country, to join those who should rise here.

Another leading Circumstance has appeared to your Committee, which, however ineffectual it has naturally proved, furnishes a strong collateral Proof of the Extent of the Views entertained, and that no Means, however criminal, were neglected for 'promoting the m. The Circumstance referred to, is a Design, which has been the frequent Subject of Conversation among some Members of the Corresponding Society, of endeavouring to seduce the Army from their Duty, and the actual Employment of Emissaries to tamper with the Soldiers. In conformity with these Views, it also has appeared, that it was intended to prepare an Address to the Army; and a Paper has been discovered in Scotland, which has been already referred to, the Object of which was to endeavour to excite Disaffection in the Fencible Regiments in that Part of the Kingdom, and which has actually been circulated with much Industry among the Soldiers of that Description.

Various other Schemes of the most daring and criminal Nature are also stated, on the Evidence of Persons who were present, to have been at different Times the Subject of Conversation among Persons, the greatest Part of whom were Members of this Society. It even appears, that a Project has been particularly and repeatedly agitated among them, of striking a sudden Blow, and beginning by securing the Royal Family, and the Members of both Houses of Parliament, with the Hope (as it was expressed) " that " the Army, being without Leaders, would no longer " oppose their Attempts." Particular Individuals have been pointed out in these Conversations, as Objects of personal Vengeance for their Public Conduct. Evidence has been given of Discourses held concerning the Rescue of the Delegates of the Scotch Convention, while on Board the Transport in the River. An Attack on Newgate was meditated, according to a particular Plan referred to in the Conversation, with the View of releasing the Prisoners. A similar Conversation was held with respect to an Attack on the Tower', and in the Letter from the Secretary of State, which has been inserted in a former Part of the Report, it appears that there is direct Evidence of a Plan regularly concerted at Edinburgh, for seizing, at an appointed Time, all the Public Offices in that City, the Banks, and the principal Members of the Courts of Justice; and for making a similar Attempt (in consequence of a Secret Concert among the Members of the Societies in different Places) at One and the same Time, in some of the most considerable Towns in Scotland.

Your Committee do not state the various Circumstances which have been enumerated in this Part of the Report, as shewing that these extensive Projects, as far as relates to England, were as yet regularly digested, or in sufficient Forwardness for actual Execution; but the Evidence before them gives them every Reason to believe that these Views have been deliberately entertained, and made the repeated Subject of Conversation and they cannot but consider them as strong Indications of the Principles and Intentions of the Parties concerned, and of the Nature of the Measures which might have been expected if they had proceeded, without Interruption, in increasing their Numbers, and in providing Arms in the different Modes already stated.

There remains another Circumstance which, however, as far as it has yet been investigated, is traced distinctly only to Two' Individuals, both of whom were Members of the Corresponding Society, and principally concerned in some of their most remarkable Transactions: Whether any other Members of the Society were or were not acquainted with it, has not Vox,. 49.

appeared to your Committee. Three Copies have been produced to your Committee (in all material Parts conformable to each other) of a Paper which purports to be a Draft of Resolutions intended to be proposed at the Meeting which took Place at Chalk Farm on the 14th of April 1794. From the Blank left for the Place of Meeting, it seems probable that it was prepared before that Place was fixed upon: The Resolutions are different from those which passed at the Meeting, and there is no Reason to believe that they were in Fact proposed there; but distinct Evidence has been given of the Hand Writing being that of the Person in whose Possession One of the Copies was found, who is also proved to have shewm them as the Resolutions which he intended should be proposed at the Meeting: and the Two other Copies were found among the Papers of one of the most active Members of the Society, who appears, previous to the Meeting at Chalk Farm, to have been appointed, in Conjunction with some others, to arrange the Measures to be adopted, and at whose Suggestion (subsequent to that Appointment) the Meeting is stated -to have been postponed beyond the Time originally proposed, because (as he is said to have represented) more Time was necessary to make known the Sentiments of the Society in bold and nervous Resolutions. Your Committee think it right here to insert the Paper itself, on which they will forbear to make any Comment.

" At a General Meeting of the London Corresponding (cSociety, held at on Monday, the 14th

" Day of April, 1794.

" Citizen ----- ---- in the Chair.

"* Resolved, That all Sovereign, Legislative, and " Judicial Powers are the Rights of the People; and " though the People have delegated those their " Original Powers to others, in Trust, for the Benefit of the Community, yet the Rights themselves are reserved by the People, and cannot be " absolutely parted with by the People to those " Persons who are employed to conduct the Business " of the State.

" Resolved, That the Constitution of England is " held by the King, Lords, and Commons, and other " Officers appointed by the People, in Trust, for the " Benefit of the People; and though these Trustees " may regulate and improve the Constitution, yet " they cannot alter or subvert it without committing " Treason against the Nation.

" Resolved, That Magna Charta, or THE " GREAT CHARTER OF THE LIBERTIES " OF ENGLAND, made in the Reign of King " John; THE PETITION OF RIGHTS, as7 " sented to by Parliament in the Reign of King " Charles the I"; and the several Laws made at " and in Consequence of the Glorious Resolution in the Year 1688, are declaratory of those Parts of " the Constitution of England, which are in and by " them respectively declared.

" Resolved, That the Office of KING of England " was not instituted by the People merely as an " Office of Profit and Honour to the King, but he " was so appointed as chief Trustee and Guardian " of the Constitution and Rights of the People; and " that important and laborious personal Duties are " annexed to the Regal Office, the Objects of which " are, to promote the Good of the People, and preserve their Rights in full Vigour from Innovation " and Corruption.

" Resolved, That it is the Duty of the King to " preserve the Constitution of England and the " Rights of the People against every Incroachment; " and, in order to enforce that Duty, the following Oath is required to be taken by every King

" on

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

664

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

6° Junil . 1794.

‘ on his Accession to the Throne of Great Britain; " to wit: The Archbishop or Bishop shall say — Will uyou solemnly promise'and swear to govern the " People of this Kingdom of England, and the " Dominions thereto belonging, according to the " Statutes in Parliament agreed on, and the Laws " and Customs of the same."

" The King or Queen shall say, " I solemnly " promise so to do." Archbishop or Bishop — " Will " you to your Power cause Law and Justice in " Mercy to be executed in all your Judgments?" " ANS. " I will."

" After this, the King or Queen, laying his or " her Hand on the Holy Gospel, shall say — " The M Things which I have before promised, I will perform and keep; So help me God." — and then shall " kiss the Book.

" Resolved, That his present Majesty King " George the Third, on his Accession to the Throne " of these Realms, did solemnly take the said " Oath.

" Resolved, That the Constitutional Rights of " the People have been violated, and that it is the " Duty of the People, in the present alarming Crisis " to assemble and enquire into the Innovations or " Infringements which have been made upon the <lRights of the People, and how far the Declarations of the Constitution, as they were settled at " the aforesaid Resolution, remain in Force, and " which of them have been violated, and by whom, " and also whether such Innovations, Infringements, " and Violations, have been committed from the " Negligence or Corruption of those who have " been intrusted with the Government of the " State.

" Resolved, That this Society do invite thejeople " to meet in their respective Neighbourhoods, to " elect One or more Person or Persons as Delegates " to meet in a Convention, to be held on the " Day of next, at such Place as shall be

" appointed by the Secret Committee of this Society; " and that the Delegates so elected do forthwith " transmit to the Secretary of this Society, N° 9, " Piccadilly, London, the Vouchers of their several " Elections, in order that the Place of Meeting may " be duly notified to them.

" Resolved, That is the Right and the bounden " Duty of the People to punish all Traitors " against the Nation, and that the following Words " are now not a Part of the Oath of Allegiance; to " wit, " I declare that it is not lawful, upon any " Pretence whatever, to take Arms against the " King."

Before the Committee quit this Part of the Subject, they think it not immaterial to take some Notice of the different Means used to disseminate such Principles as have been stated through the lower Orders of Society, and to familiarize their Minds, by every possible Artifice, to such Ideas as might prepare them to be the Instruments of the most dangerous and desperate Designs. Some of these Means may at First Sight be considered as too trivial to be mentioned on an Occasion of this Importance; but they appear to your Committee in a very different Light, when they recollect that an essential Part of such a Plan as has been in Agitation was to seduce and corrupt the thoughtless and uninformed, and to make use of the Channels of Communication best adapted to this Purpose. The Appearance of Insignificance and Levity, which belongs at First Sight to this Part of the System, is, in Truth, only an additional Proof of the Art and Industry with which it has been pursued. The Measures employed for this Purpose appear to have been deliberately prepared, and every Contrivance used to mix them (in the Shape most likely to capti-

vate Attention) with the ordinary Occupations or Amusements of those on whom they were intended to operate. Accordingly Lectures have been delivered on Political Subjects, calculated from their very Extravagance to catch the Attention of the Audience, and in the Course of them every Topic has been employed that could inflame their Minds, alienate them from the Laws and Constitution of their Country, and habituate them to Principles of Sedition and Rebellion. The most violent Publications to the same Effect have been secretly, but generally, circulated in Hand Bills, both in the Metropolis and in the remote Parts of the Country. Every Point that could excite Discontent, according to the Pursuits, Interests, or Prejudices of different Classes, has been successively dwelt on, and always in such a Manner as to connect it with the leading Design. The Attempt to accomplish this End has appeared in the Shape even of Play Bills and Songs; Seditious Toasts; and a studied Selection of the Tunes which have been most in use in France since the Resolution, have been applied to the same Purpose, of endeavouring to render deliberate Incitements to every Species of Treason familiar to the Minds of the People.

HAVING thus stated the Points which the Committee have thought it material separately to lay before the House, they will now proceed to those Particulars which will give a full and distinct View of the Rise, Progress and Nature of the general Design with which the Facts already stated are essentially connected; for this Purpose your Committee will state in their Report the Points which appear most worthy of Attention, inserting in the Appendix a more particular Statement of the several Proceedings to which they refer. In doing this it will be necessary to advert to Transactions, some of which took place at an early Period, and have already attracted Observation; but which it is nevertheless material to insert in the Order in which they took place, because they are highly important in explaining more recent Proceedings, and giving a connected View of the whole System.

The Period from which it appears to your Committee material to trace in this View the Proceedings of the Society for Constitutional Information, is that of the Publication of the Pamphlet so well known under the Title of " Rights of Man, by Thomas " Pained

Your Committee have already referred, in their former Report, to the Approbation given by the Society to this Work; and this is One of the Points on which they should not think it necessary now to dwell, if they did not feel it essential to the Object before stated, of developing the Rise and Progress of the System which they are tracing, to call the Attention of the House to the leading Features of a Work thus approved and recommended, in order to compare it with subsequent Transactions of which it may be considered as the Foundation.

In this Pamphlet, published in the Year 1791, the National Assembly of France was represented as occupied in establishing a Constitution founded on the Rights of Man, and the Authority of the People, the only Authority on which [it was stated] Government had a Right to exist in any Country; Monarchy and Hereditary Succession were treated as Absurdities; the Resolution of 1688, and the Succession of the House of Hanover, were also made the Subject of Ridicule; and a Distinction was drawn between Two Modes of Government, which were stated to prevail in the World: First, Government by Election and Representation; and, Secondly, Government by Hereditary Succession. The former generally known by the Name of Republic, the latter by that of Monarchy and Aristocracy. On the 23d March 1791, the Society resolved, " That

«< the

4

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii.

the Thanks of the Society should be given to Mr. " Thomas Paine, in the Terms expressed in the Copy Appendix C. * of their Resolution of this Day," inserted in the 43 Mar. 1791* Appendix. A Continuation of Paine's Book, intituled " Rights of Man, Part the Second, combining Princi-. " pie and Practice," was published early in 1792, in which the Principles of the British Constitution were again attacked; the Principles on which the French Constitution, accepted by the King in 1791, had been established, were approved, with an Exception of the Hereditary Succession to the Crown: This Pamphlet, recommending the Overthrow of the British Constitution, and the Establishment of a Democratical Senate, as the sole Legislative and Executive Power of the State, was also circulated with great Industry; and the Society for Constitutional Information, on the 16th Appendix C. of March 1792, expressed their Approbation of the 16Mar.1792. Work, in answer to a Letter from the Manchester Constitutional Society, containing the Thanks of that Appendix C. Society to Mr. Paine. On the 23d of March, 1792, 43 Mar.1792. Constitutional Society at Sheffield applied to the

London Society, that Twelve of their Members might be admitted as associated Members of the London Society; and there appears in the Books of the London Society a printed Paper of the Sheffield Society, in which that Society declares, that the Practice as well as the Principle of Government was laid down in the Works intituled, " Rights of Man, Part the First and Second," in' a Manner so clear and irresistibly,

that the Society resolved to give their Thanks to Mr. Paine for those Publications.

Other Entries, expressive of Approbation of the same Works, and of other seditious Publications, frequently appear in the same Books during the Course of Appendix C. the Year 1792.

1792. In Easter Term, 1792, an Information was filed in the Court of King's Bench, by the King's Attorney General, against Thomas Paine, for writing and publishing the last Pamphlet, on which he was convicted in December 1792. During this Prosecution another Pamphlet was published, under the Tide of "An <lAddress to the Addressers on the late Proclamation, " by Thomas Paine." This Pamphlet, after stating that " Two Resolutions had taken place, those of " rica and France," added, " both of them have rejected the unnatural compounded System of the English " Government. America has declared against all Hereditary Government, and established the Representative System of Government only; France has " entirely rejected the Aristocradcal Part, and is now " discovering the Absurdity of the Monarchical, and 37* " is approaching fast to the Representative System."

The Pamphlet then treats Monarchy, and every Species of Hereditary Government, as a Fraud and Im-P-5i- position; asserts "for a Nation to be free it is sufficient that she wills it;" treats the Reform of Parliament by Parliament itself as absurd; denies the Power of Parliament to reform any Part of the Constitution; asserts that it is not a Subject cognizable before Parliament, and that the Right, and me Exercise of that Right, appertains to the Nation only, P. 66. and that the proper Means is by a National Convention, elected for the Purpose by all the People; that such a Body, empowered and supported by the Nation, would have Authority to demand Information upon all Matters necessary to be enquired into, and the Nation P. 66. would decree its own Reforms. The Pamphlet then states that the Plan and Organization of a Convention P.67. was easy in Practice; and proceeds to shew the Manner in which, supposing the Inhabitants of England to be Seven Millions, a Convention of 1,000 Members might be elected in an orderly Manner; adding, that P.71. " a Convention of 1,000 Persons, fairly elected,

" would bring every Matter to a decided Issue." This latter Pamphlet was not made the Subject of any express Resolutions of the Society; but during the Pro-Vo l. 49.

secution of Mr. Paine for the former Work, the Society for Constitutional Information entered into a Subscription to defray his Expences, and encouraged Appendix C. the like Support from other Societies, as appears by 179®* several Entries in the Books of the Society. And this Mark of their Approbation of his Principles having been continued after the Publication last mentioned, seems to afford a full Proof that this Circumstance had made no Change in the Sentiments of the Society towards him.

The Principles laid down in these Publications appearing thus to be approved and sanctioned by the Society, will be found to be gradually and successively adopted and acted upon in their Proceedings. On the 30th March 1792, the London Corresponding So- Appendix C. ciety sent to the Society for Constitutional Informa- 30 Mar. 1792. tion several Resolutions, among which were the following":

" That every Individual has a Right to share " in the Government of that Society of which he " is a Member, unless incapacitated.

" That nothing but Non-age, a Privation of " Reason, or an Offence against the general Rules " of Society, can incapacitate him."

These Resolutions, containing the Principle of Universal Suffrage, were adopted without Reserve, and with strong Expressions of Approbation, by the Constitutional Society.

On the 20th of April following, a Declaration from Appendix C. a Society in Southwark appears entered in the Books 2oApr.i7g9. of the Constitutional Society, with their Thanks for the Communication. This Declaration expresses more fully the Grounds on which the Societies intended to proceed, adopting many important Principles which had been made the Foundation of the French Resolution, in the following Terms:

" That all Civil and Political Authority is derived from the People.

" That equal active Citizenship is the unalienable Right of all Men, Minors, Criminals, and " Insane Persons excepted.

" That the exercise of that Right, in appointing an adequate Representative Government, is the " wisest Device of Human Policy, and the only " Security of National Freedom."

The Resolutions of the Sheffield Society having suggested Universal Suffrage, and the Southwark Society having added the general Idea of a Representative Government, a Society, called The Norwich Resolution Society, on the 26th of April 1792, sent a Letter to the . j~

Constitutional Society, entered in the Minutes of their May 1792! Proceedings on the 4th of May 1792, in which there is this Passage: " This Society is willing to hope the " Redress of every existing Grievance at the Hands of " a Government resulting from an extraordinary Convocation, in 1688, of all who had at any preceding " Time been elected Representatives of the People,

" assisted by the Hereditary Counsellors of the Nation,

" and a peculiar Deputation from the Metropolis,

" which National Constituting Assembly cashiered for " Misconduct a King of the House of Stuart."

It seems evidently to be the Intention of this Passage to represent the Resolution of 1688 as a Precedent fora National Constituting Assembly, and to shelter under that Authority the indirect Recommendation of the Proceedings and Terms which have recently been adopted in France.

This Communication, with others from different Societies at Norwich, were followed by a Resolution, expressing that the Society for Constitutional Information received them with heart-felt Satisfaction, and Appendix C. desired earnestly to concur and co-operate with those May 1792. Societies in their laudable Objects.

8 G They

666

6° Junu*

A. 1794

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix C. u May 1792.

Appendix C. 9 Nov. 1792.

Appendix C. 12 Oct. 1792-

They also elected Twelve Members of the Norwich Society associated Members of their own Society.

And they added a Resolution, that a Committee should be appointed to consider whether any and what Communication should be made, and by what Means, by the Society, with the Society of Friends of the Constitution at Paris.

It appears by Entries of the 11th of May 1792, that " The Society of Friends of the Constitution " at Paris," mentioned in the former Resolution, were the Jacobin Club there; and, on the same Day, it was resolved that there should be a Communication with that Club; and an Address was read and agreed to, and ordered to be signed by the Chairman, and transmitted to Paris.

Towards the Close of the same Year, and some Time subsequent to the Resolution of the loth of August, which finally destroyed all Traces of Monarchy in France, the Society resolved to address the National Convention, which was then invested with the whole Legislative and Executive Government, and was assembled for the Purpose of framing a new Constitution, and proceeding to the Trial of the King. This Paper is conceived in Terms which leave no Room to doubt of the Views of those who framed it. The Address stiles the Convention " Servants of a Sovereign People, and Benefactors of Mankind:" It rejoices that the Resolution in France had arrived at that Point of Perfection which enabled the Society to address the Convention by that Title;and it declares that that is the only Title that can accord with the Character of true Legislators: It speaks of the Proceedings of the 1 otb of August as a glorious Victory, which had finally prepared the Way for a Constitution, which the Society trusted the Convention would establish on the Basis of Reason and Nature. It represents the Proceedings of the Convention as Labours in the Work of Human Happiness, and adds, "THE BENEFITS WILL " IN PART BE OURS, but the Glory will be all " your own; and it is the Reward of your Perseverance; it is the Prize of Virtue." Then, drawing a Comparison between the State of Liberty in England, America and France, it not only gives a decided Preference to the American Republic over the British Monarchy, but treats the Splendor of the French Resolution as the Object of the highest Admiration.

This Address was ordered to be presented by Two of the Members of the Society at the Bar of the National Convention; and it was presented accordingly-

But the Terms of this Address are not the only Evidence on this Head, An Address, framed a short Time before by the London Corresponding Society, which had been communicated to the Constitutional Society, and had received their express Approbation, and which was presented likewise to the French Convention, contained Passages clearly expressing the same Intent, and suggesting the Idea of a triple Alliance (not of Crowns) but of the People of America, France, and Britain, to give Freedom to Europe, and Peace to the whole World.

These Transactions are rendered still more remarkable by the verbal Address of the Deputies at the Time of presenting the Address of the Society, and by the Answer of the President, which they transmitted. The Letters of the Deputies to the Society have been found among the Papers of that Society, together with a Copy of the Address of the Deputies, and the Answer of the President. In the First, after pointing out their Wishes to effect in their own Country a Resolution similar to that made in France, the Deputies consider the Example of France, as having made Resolutions easy; and add, that it would not be extraordinary if, in a short Space of Time, the

French should send Addresses of Congratulation to a National Convention of England; and the President in his Answer says, " The Moment, without Doubt, approaches when the French will bring Congratulations to the National Convention of Great Britain."

On the 7th of December 1792, the Letter of the AppendkC. Deputies was read in the Society, as appears by a#

Entry in their Books.

In January 1793, Barrere, Roland, and St. Andre, Appendix c. were elected (as has been mentioned in the former l8and 25 Jan, Report) Honorary Members of the Society; and on &lFeb'1793' the 1st February, the Speeches of Barrere and St. were ordered to be entered on the Books of the Society, and this Resolution ordered to be printed in the Newspapers, which it actually was on the 5th of February 1793.

The Circumstance of the Time at which this marked Approbation was publicly given to leading Members of the National Convention of France, would render this Measure of itself a strong Indication of the Views of the Society, and as such it was referred to by the Committee in their former Report.

But on more particular Reference to the Speeches themselves, which were thus recommended to Public Notice, this Transaction will be found to be of much more Importance; it is not barely an Approbation of leading Persons professing Principles, and pursuing Measures, hostile to the general Interests of the Country: The Speeches were delivered for the express Purpose of accelerating the Condemnation and Execution of the French King. The Doctrines contained in them directly relate to the precise Object of a National Convention, and to the Question of the personal Responsibility of Sovereigns; they contain a Statement of the Rights, Duties, and Functions of such an Assembly; which cannot be supposed to have been recommended to the Public Attention for any other possible Purpose than that of laying the Foundation of a similar Proceeding in this Country, and that with the direct Intention of employing it for the Destruction of the Sovereign, and the utter Subversion of the Constitution. This Conclusion will be fully justified by an Extract from the Speeches in Question, which are expressed in Terms so remarkable, that the Committee cannot too strongly recommend them to the Attention of the House.

The following Passage is extracted from St.

Speech.

" Your Right to decide the Fate of the King,

" arises from your being a Resolutionary Assembly " created by the Nation in a State of Insurrection."

Barren's Speech is much more full and more systematically reasoned; it is divided into several Heads, from which the following Extracts are taken.

" This Proceeding (speaking of the Trial of the " King) is of the highest Importance to Public " Order, absolutely necessary to the Existence of " Liberty, and connected with whatever is held " most sacred by the Nation. From the Calmness " and Temper which have distinguished the Der " liberations of the Convention on this Occasion,

" it may be foreseen that Justice and Reason will " direct its ultimate Sentence. History will record " the striking Contrast between Kings, who in the " Midst of the Dissipation of Courts sign Proscriptions and Death Warrants for the; Destruction of Thousands of Citizens, and the Representatives of the People, who deliberate with " Wisdom and Caution on the Punishment of a " single Despot.

" It is the Destiny of Kings to be the Occasion " of the Calamities of the People, whether they

" remain

,34 Geo. III. 6 funiL

667

" remain on their Thrones, or whether they are " precipitated from them,

" PART m

" Whether the Person of the King be inviolable.

" The People of Paris, by making an holy Insurrectiop against the King on the loth of August, " deprived him of his Character of Inviolability, " The People of the other Departments applauded <( this Insurrection, and adopted the Consequence " of it. The People have therefore formally interposed to destroy this Royal Inviolability. The " tacit Consent of the People rendered the Person of the King inviolable. The Act of Insurrection was a tacit Repeal of that Consent, and " was founded on the same Grounds of Law as " the Consent itself. The King's Person is iriviolable only with relation to the other Branches " of the Legislature, but not with relation to the " People/'

"PART IIId.

" Whether an Appeal shall be made to the People?

" The People is the Sovereign.

" A Convention differs from an ordinary Legislature in this Respect. — A Legislature is only " a Species of Superintending Magistracy, a Moderator of the Powers of Government. — A Convention is a perfect Representation of the Sovereign. " — The Members of die Legislative Assembly acted " in August upon these Principles. — In summoning " the Convention they declare, that they saw but " one Measure which could save France; namely,

" to have Recourse to the Supreme Will of the " People, and to invite the People to exercise imr " mediately that inalienable Right of Sovereignty " which the Constitution had acknowledged, and " which it could not subject to any Restriction. " The Public Interest required that the People " should manifest their Will by the Election of " a National Convention, formed of Representatives " invested by the People with unlimited Powers. " — The People did manifest their Will, by the " Election of that Convention. — The Convention " being assembled, is itself that Sovereign Will " which ought to prevail. — It would be contrary " to every Principle, to suppose that the Convention is not alone exclusively the Expression of the " general Will.

" The Powers of the Convention must, from the " very Nature of the Assembly, be unlimited with " respect to every Measure of general Safety, such " as the Execution of a Tyrant.* It is no longer " a Convention if it has not Power to judge the " King.

" A Convention is a Constituent Body, e. a " Body that is to make a Constitution for the People. " — A Legislature makes Laws under an established " Constitution, and in conformity to it It is Despotism when in the ordinary and permanent " Establisment of a State there is no Separation of " Powers; but it is of the very Essence of a constituent Body to concenter for the Time all Authority. — It is the very Nature of a National Convention to be the temporary Image of the Nation, " to unite in itself all die Powers of the State, to " employ them against the Enemies of Liberty, and " to distribute them in a new social Compact called " a Constitution.

" Behold that Constituent Assembly which laid " the First Foundations of your Liberty! Behold " that Resolutionary Genius ! which broke through " every Impediment, exceeded its delegated Authority, created its own Powers according to the Vol. 49.

" Exigencies of Liberty, and to the occasional Wants Second Re*

" of me People, destroyed all Prejudices by the port from " Force of that Public Opinion to which it gave cf°?ltte8 " Birth, obliterated all Privileges, abolished all the 0 S*crecy‘

" Parliaments, changed the Form and Tenure of " all Property, as well as the Measure and Sign " of all Value, and made a perjured King its Prisoner! Nothing was wanting to immortalize that " Assembly, but to have delivered France from the " Calamity of Kingly Government, and to have " relieved you from the Duty of judging the last of " your Kings.

" With this Example before your Eyes, you " hesitate even in the First Step of your Duty. — Am " I then no longer in the Midst of that National " Convention, whose honourable Mission it was to " destroy Kings and Loyalty ? "

HAVING thus traced the Proceedings of the Society for Constitutional Information to the Period when the Commencement of the War with France necessarily interrupted the DCvelopement of their Principles and Designs by their Correspondence with that Country, your Committee will now lay before the House, such Particulars as relate to their Proceedings at Home, in Concert with the London Corresponding Society, and with the several Societies in different Parts of the Country, during the same Period.

From these it will appear — That not only the London Corresponding Society, but all the principal Societies in the Country, have been regulated under the immediate Auspices of the Society for Constitutional Information, and have, both in their Origin and Progress, looked up to that Society for their Guidance and Direction in the Pursuit of their common Object:

That particularly since the Institution of the Corresponding Society, which appears from a very early Period to have had an intimate Connection with the Society for Constitutional Information, a System of General Correspondence has been established, by Means of which the Principles of that Society (such as they have been already stated) have been widely diffused and disseminated through the Country:

That throughout the Whole of this extensive Correspondence, the strongest Marks appear of an almost universal Agreement and Co-operation among the Country Societies, not only in the general Principles to which your Committee has already referred, but also in the Nature and Frame of the Societies, in the System of Concert and Delegation, and in the particular Object of forming a National Convention for the Purpose of carrying their Principles into full Effect; and that Traces of this Design are to be found in a greater or less Degree at a very early Period of this Correspondence.

The London Corresponding Society was instituted in January 1792. A general Account of the Plan according to which it was formed and distributed into different Divisions, has already been given in the last Report; and a List of the Number of Divisions, which had been gradually established, has been found among the Papers in the Possession of the Secretary.

In one of the First Communications from the Appendix London Corresponding Society to the Society for 14Mar.1793-Constitutional Information, they state that " The " Delegates of the Corresponding Society think it " their Duty to acquaint the Constitutional Society,

" without Delay, of the Subscription begun amongst " several of their Divisions for the Defence of the " Prosecution said to be commenced against that " worthy Member of the Constitutional Society, Mr.

" Thomas Paine, in consequence of his valuable Publication, intituled, " The Rights of Man;" and " that they had no Doubt that a numerous Body

" would

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

London Corresponding Society,

6 July 1792.

Appendix D.

Sheffield, 15 Jan. 1792.

Sheffield,

i4Mar.1792*

668 6° yunii. A. 1794.

" would be found to follow an Example, so just in itself, " and so essential to the Support of that small Portion " of Liberty which the People of England are still " supposed to enjoy. That the Approbation and " Encouragement which their feeble Endeavours had " met with from the Constitutional Society, made them " desirous of uniting more strongly and more immediately with that Society, and for this Purpose they " wished that Six of their Members might be admitted " into the Constitutional Society, after the Manner " of those received from the Societies at Sheffield and " Norwich."

The London Corresponding Society signify that they are highly favoured by the Readiness of the Constitutional Society to admit Six of their Members, and that their Sense of the Favour so conferred will be best expressed by their close Attendance at the Instructive Meetings of the Constitutional Society, and by their constant Endeavours to forward the so beneficial, and so much wanted Reform of Parliamentary Representation.

The following Series of Extracts is taken from the Correspondence, both of the Society for Constitutional Information and of the London Corresponding Society, with the several Societies instituted in the Country.

The First is a Letter from Sheffield to the Secretary of the Constitutional Society, dated 15th January 1792, stating, that the Society established at Sheffield humbly solicits the Advice and Assistance of the Constitutional Society for the Purpose of forming a Connection with all similar Societies in England;and adds, that Information of the Methods, Terms, and Manner of Application for the above Purpose, as likewise the Admission of One of their Members into the Constitutional Society, will be esteemed a particular Favour, and gratefully acknowledged. In the Postscript to the Letter, an Account is given of the Origin of the Sheffield Society; and it is stated, that it at first originated in an Assembly of Five or Six Mechanics, who from Conversation about the enormous high Price of Provisions, the unbounded Authority of the Monopolists of all Ranks, from the King to the Peasant, and the Waste of the Public Property by Placemen, Pensioners, Luxury, and Debauchery, together with the Mock Representation of the People, concluded that nothing but Ignorance in the People could suffer the natural Rights of every Free Man to be thus violated. They formed a Society, which was gradually increasing, and divided into separate Bodies. They re-published Paine's Rights of Man at the low Price of 6d. each Copy, to which they proposed to annex an Abstract of the noted iniquitous Corn Bill of last Year.

The same Society at Sheffield, in a Letter to the Constitutional Society, mention that their Numbers increase, for that most of the Towns and Villages in the Neighbourhood are forming themselves into similar Associations, and strictly adhere to the Mode of copying the Sheffield Society. They return Thanks for the kind (Communications which they have received from the principal Members of the Constitutional Society; and they enclose a Parcel for the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, in Answer to a Letter of his, by which he had informed them, that there were in London a Number of Mechanics, Shopkeepers, &c. forming themselves into a Society, on the broad Basis of the Rights of Man, and desiring to know the Manner of conducting this Business at Sheffield: In Answer to which, the Shffield Society had given them their Manner of Proceeding, and hoped it might be of some Use, as the Improvement they were about to adopt was certainly the best for managing large Bodies in great and populous Towns, viz. dividing them into small Bodies or Meetings of Ten Persons each, and these Ten Per-2

sons to appoint a Delegate { Ten of these Delegates to form another Meeting; and so on, delegating from One to another, till at last they are reduced to a proper Number for constituting the Committee or Grand Council.

The Society at Sheffield express their Determination Sheffield, to obtain a Radical Reform of the Country, as soon as 1+Mar-179*-Prudence and Discretion will permit, and to establish it upon that System which is consistent ‘with the Rights of Man', for these Reasons, they request, that certain Members of their Society may be admitted into the Constitutional Society, in order that the Society at Shffield, may be strengthened and enable to extend useful Knowledge from Town to Village, and from Village to Town, until the whole Nation be sufficiently enlightened and united in the same Cause; which, they say, cannot fail of being the Case, wherever the most excellent Works of Mr. Thomas Paine find Residence.

The Constitutional Society at Manchester transmit Manchester, Copy of their Resolution to the Constitutional. So- isMar. 179s. ciety in London, in which they resolve that their Thanks are due to Mr. Thomas Paine, for the Publication of the Second Part of the Rights of Man, combining Principle and Practice: They stile it a Work of the highest Importance to every Nation under Heaven, but particularly to this: They express their Hope, that in Consequence of the Effect of this Work a complete Reform in the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People will be accomplished; and that the other great Plans of Public Benefit which Mr. Paine has so powerfully recommended will speedily be carried into Effect.

The Delegates of the United Constitutional Societies Norwich, at Norwich communicate to the London Society for a4-Mar. 179s. Constitutional Information a Number of Resolutions, in which they express their Happiness at the Admission of the Delegation from Sheffield, in order to form a Plan of General Information: They humbly beg to be admitted to the same Favour, and express their Wish that all the Societies of a similar Kind in England were strongly and indissolubly united in One Political Body: They return their Thanks to Mr. Thomas Paine, for his First and Second Parts of the Rights of Man:

They sincerely wish that he may see nis Labours crowned with Success in the general Diffusion of Liberty and Happiness among Mankind: They signify that their Numbers are increasing; and they earnestly entreat all their Brethren to increase their Associations, in order to form One Grand Extensive Union of all the Friends of General Liberty.

In a Letter to the Secretary of the London Corre- Stockport, sponding Society, the Society at Stockport return Thanks 27Sept. 179*. to the Corresponding Society, for their Kindness, which they say will be useful in the Formation of the Infant Society at that Place; that they stand much in Need of their Experienced in this Particular.* They state, that they have carefully perused the Addresses, of which a Parcel has been sent them by the London Corresponding Society; and observe on their Contents in general, that the Sentiments hardly rise to that Heighth which they expected from Men sensible of their foil Claims to absolute and uncontroulable Liberty, i. e. unaccountable to any Power which they have not immediately constituted and appointed. They further state, that these are their Sentiments, whatever be those of the London Corresponding Society, though in the present state of Political Knowledge it may be prudent not to avow them openly, they desire to be informed of the Means of accomplishing their common Object; and they conclude with the following Words:

" We observe One Expression, which says, numerous other Reforms would undoubtedly take " place, &c. &c.

" But we ask, How is that Parliament to be " chosen ? Can we expect it from the present Order " of things? Would not the Evil be done away at

" Once

London Corresponding Society, n Oct. 1792.

Sheffield, 15 Oct. 1792

Stockport, 3 Nov. 1792.

34 Geo. III. 6° jfunii.

"' Once by the People assembled in Convention? — Does

" it appear probable that the odious Laws of which " we complain will be abolished by any other Way ? " Can the Grievances arising from Aristocracy be

" redressed, while the---- retains its present

" rityin the Legislature? Is the universal Right of

" Conscience ever to be attained, while the B. maintain " their Seats on the ----- --?

" Your Thoughts on these important Points, we " most earnestly desire may be transmitted as soon " as possible, not directed as the last, as we fear it " will excite Suspicion."

" (Signed)

A Letter from Margarot, (the President) to the Friends of Universal Peace and the Rights of Man, at Stockport, says, " With regard to the Publications " of the London Corresponding Society, they are expressed in as strong Terms as Prudence will permit, " yet plainly enough to convince the Public, that " while we expect every Thing from an honest and " Annual Parliament, nothing short of such a Senate, " chosen by the whole Nation, will satisfy us." — The Letter proceeds to state an Intention of countenancing the Struggle of the French Nation against Despotism and Aristocracy, by addressing the French National Convention.

A Copy of the Address is enclosed, and a Concurrence of the Stockport Society is solicited. The Letter concludes thus: " If on the contrary you disapprove of that Mark of Zeal towards the only Nation " that has hitherto undertaken to restore Mankind to " their just Rights, please to communicate to us your " Objections."

‘ A Letter from the Editors of The Patriot, to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, expresses their Commendation of the laudable Spirit which has induced the London Corresponding Society to address the Convention of France; states the Encouragement Which they had given to the Society at Stockport'; and exhorts the London Corresponding Society also to give it their Sanction, Advice, and Support; announces that several Societies have been formed within the last Three Weeks at Edinburgh, and that they had received some most spirited- Communications from thence. The Letter concludes: "We " clearly foresee that Scotland will soon take the Lead " of this Country, and conceive it will be necessary " to take the greatest Care that an universal Communication should be constantly kept up between " the several Societies, however distant, and that all " should determine to act upon the same Principle, " as near as may be, in a regular and active Union. " It was by this Method that France became so " thoroughly united, and we ought never to lose Sight " of it.'"

A Letter from the Secretary to the Society at Stockport, to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, has these Terms:

" I am directed by the Friends of Universal Peace " and the Rights of Man, to inform you that we received Two Letters from you, the First dated " September 21, requesting us to concert with you " in transmitting to the French National Convention an Address signed by every Member, &c. " &c.

" With respect to the Substance of this Letter, " we believe that the Cause of the French is that of " every individual Person in Europe, that is not fattening on Plunder, or through Ignorance, Obstinacy, and Inattention, sit unconcerned, and will " not be persuaded to consider, although inevitable " Ruin should be the awful Consequence.

"We therefore think it highly necessary to add Vol. 49.

" our friendly Aid and Assistance, in order to stimu- Second Relate the oppressed Friends of Freedom in France Committee " against all the Despots in Europe (who are com- of secrecy.

" bined against the just and equal Rights of Man)

" by assuring them that we view their signal " tions and wonderful Victories with Admiration, together with the Extinction of treacherous Royalty,.

" and the restoring to every Individual his equal " and indubitable Rights, as Fellow Men and Free " Citizens; and that our Hearts are united with . " theirs as in One common Cause, considering as in a " great Measure their Victory our Emancipation,

" gether with their own.

" Yet, should it ever be the Case that our Ministry should be so perfidious as, contrary to their " pledged Faith of Neutrality, to join the execrable " Band of Despots against the Cause of Freedom,

"we will stand forward, even to the hazarding " our Lives, by using every justifiable Means to " counteract their Machinations, and give to the " Friends of Freedom all the Encouragement " and Support which we severally unsupported can " afford."

A Letter to the Secretary of the London Society for Leicester, Constitutional Information, states that the People of 9 Nov. 1794. Leicester are to have their First adjourned Meeting in a few days, and that they stand in Need of a Sort of Creed for immediate Publication; and One from the Norwich Norwich, Society states, that having found that the Friends of the uNov.1792. People, and Society for Constitutional Information, do not exactly agree, they wish to know the Reason. That it appears to them that the Difference was this — The Friends of the People mean only a partial Reform, because they leave out the Words expressing the Duke of Richmond's Plan, and talk only of a Reform; while the Manchester People seem to intimate, by addressing Mr. Paine, that they were intent upon Republican Principles only; to come close to the Main Question, they desire to know whether the Generality of the Societies mean to rest satisfied with the Duke of Richmond' s Plan only, or whether it is their private Design to rip up Monarchy by the Root, and to place Democracy in its Stead? — The Letter then gives an Account of the Plan which the Norwich Society wish to obtain, and which has already been moved for at their General Meeting, namely, a full and equal Representation of the whole Body of the People.

The Manchester Reformation Society state, that the Manchester, Cause of Liberty goes on rapidly in that Town; their 13N0V.1792. Numbers increase; and they desire to be admitted to correspond with the London Society for Constitutional Information.

A Society at Leicester request every Particular re- Leicester, quisite to enable them to establish a Constitutional So- 15N0V.1792. ciety there, similar to that in London, and those at Manchester, Stockpo?'t, &c. They desire all that is

necessary by the First Mail; — they state, that they want Laws, Orders, Principles, Creeds, Addresses, Declarations, and Resolutions; and a Letter from a Coventry. Meeting at Coventry solicits the London Society for 26N0V.1792. Constitutional Information to transmit a Plan of the Sheffield, or any other Society which they may think best adapted to produce the End of establishing a Constitutional Society at Coventry.

When the London Corresponding Society found that 30 Nov. 1792. their Conduct began to attract Notice, they published a long Justification of it, which they communicated to the Society for Constitutional Information. This Paper, the professed Object of which is to prove the Moderation of the Society, and to vindicate them from the Imputation thrown out against them, concludes in the following Words: — " Let us wait, and watch " the ensuing Session of Parliament, from which we " have much to hope, and little to fear. The House " of Commons may have been the Source of our Ca-

8 H " laraity

670

6° funU.

a . im

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

" lamity — it may 45rove that of our Deliverance; should " H not, we trust 'toe shall not prove ourselves unworthy " of our Forefathers, whose Exertions in the Cause of " Mankind so well deserve our Imitation."

YOUR Committee have thus riven a View of the different Proceedings to the Close of the Appendix C. Year 1792. Early in 1793, the joint Correspondence *« April of the Two Societies in London with the Country So-

*793' defies seems to have been directed to the ostensible

Purpose of obtaining Petitions to the House of Commons in Favour of a Reform in the Parliamentary Representation, and also Petitions from the same So-deties against the Continuance of the War. — A Series of Letters relating to these Objects is inserted in the Appendix: But your Committee think it necessary to call the particular Attention of the' House to Extracts from some Part of this Correspondence, from which it will appear, that the Measure of addressing Petitions to the House of Commons in 1793, on the Subject of Parliamentary Reform, was adopted without either any Approbation of that Mode of Application, or any Hope of Success in its professed Object; and that the Societies approved of those Petitions, even in the exceptionable Language in which they were expressed, with no other View than that of accommodating themselves, for a Time, to supposed Prejudices and Circumstances, and of opening the Way to the Prosecution of thdr Design in that Mode which they have since actually pursued, and which appears even then to have been in their Contemplation. Appendix E. From some of these Letters it is evident, that the March 1793. don Corresponding Society had, previous to the Month of March 1793 (although the Letter itself, in which they did so, has not been found) stilted, for the Consideration of the Country Societies, Three Propositions:

First, A Petition to Parliament.

Secondly, A Petition to the King.

Thirdly, A Convention.

And in a subsequent Letter of the 4th of March, from the Corresponding Society to the Society at Sheffield, there is this Paragraph:

" With regard to petitioning Parliament, we are " unanimously of Opinion, that such a Petition will " not produce a Reform; yet from many Considerations " we are now persuaded, that if every Society in the " Island will send forward a Petition, we shall ultimately " gain Ground, for as much as it will force the Members of the Senate repeatedly to discuss the Subject, and their Deliberations, printed in the different Newspapers, will most naturally awaken the " Public Mind towards the Object of our Pursuit. The " Nation, once informed that a Reform in Parliament " is sought for in different Quarters, gives rise to " Debates in the House of Commons (and is acknowledged in every Rank to be wanting) will begin to " exercise their own Reasons on the Subject; — arrived " at that Period, we presume our Business will be nearly " accomplished"

Norwich, In a Letter from the United Political Societies at March 1793. Norwich, dated 5th March 1793, to the Society for Constitutional Information, they state, that they see a meat Propriety in Universal Suffrage and Annual Election; but wish to know what has been collected to be the Sense of the People; that the Corresponding Societies of London have recently submitted Three Propositions for their Investigation:

Whether a Petition to Parliament, or an Address to the King, or a Convention: They say, that they are a conquered People under that degrading Necessity — to state their Grievances to the House of Commons, with a Request for Redress; and should they refuse to grant thehr reasonable Petitions, they have still got (no Thanks to them) a formidable Engine that will convey the Insult to the remotest Parts of the Kingdom. — As to the Propriety of the Second, > they say, they are dubious of its good Consequences. — ^Lastly, as to a Convention, they say, it is the Object that they pursue', that they esteem any otherMeansoniy in Subordination to, and as having a Tendency to accomplish that desirable End; but, they add, wishing to be in Union with their Brethren, they desire to know whether it is necessary to obtain Signatures to a Petition.

The Answer to this Letter from Norwich has been Conespood-already mentioned in the former Report: It refers to tog Society, the Three Questions stated, and contains the Para- l6APrill793-graph, inserted in the former Report.

" Where, then, are we to look for the Remedy ? — >

" to that Parliament of which we complain? — to the " Executive Power, which is implicitly obeyed, if not " anticipated in Parliament? or to ourselves, represented in some Meeting of Delegates, for the especial Purpose of Reform, which we suppose you understand by the Tam Convention?" ----- -It then pro-

ceeds:

" It is the End of each of these Propositions, that " we ought to look to; and as Success in a good " Cause must be the Effect of Perseverance, and the " rising Reason of the Time, let us determine with " Coolness, but let us persevere with Decision. As " to a Convention, we regard it as a Plan, the most " desirable and most practicable, so soon as the great " Body of the People shall be courageous and virtuous " enough to join us in the Attempt. Hitherto we " have no Reason to believe that the Moment is " arrived for that Purpose. As to any Petition to the " Crown* we believe it hopeless in its Consequences.

" With respect to the last of the Proposals, we are at " a Loss to advise. If the Event is looked to in the " Vote which may be obtained from that Body to " whom this Petition is to be addressed, which of us " can look to it without the Prospect of an absolute " Negative? In this Point of View, therefore, it cannot require a Moment's Consideration.

" But if we regard the Polity of such a Measure, it " may in our Apprehension be well worth considering " as a warning Voice to our present Legislators, and as " a Signal for Imitation to the Majority of the " People.

" Should such a Plan be vigorously and generally " pursued, it would hold out a Certainty to our Fellow Countrymen, that we are not a Handful of Inr " dividuals unworthy of Attention or Consideration,

" who desire the Restoration of the antient liberties " of England; but, on the contrary, it might bring " into Light that Host of well-meaning Men, who

" in the different Towns and Counties of this Realm,

" are silently but seriously anxious for Reformation in " tke Government.

" We exhort you with Anxiety to pursue your laudable Endeavours for the Common Good, and never " to despair of the Public Cause."

The Letters of the Corresponding Society of the 17th May and 25th July 1793, and of the Norwich Societies of the 5th of July, and various Passages in the Proceedings of the Scotch Convention, and of those of the Society at Shffield, will be found to contain additional Proofs of what has been represented to be the real View and Intention of presenting these Petitions; but being subsequent to the lime when these Petitions were presented, they will be more particularly referred to in stating the Transactions during the Remainder of the Year 1793, of which your Committee will proceed to take Notice.

After the Rejection of the Petitions in May 1793, Appendix C. and the Determination of the Honse upon the Subject ai.s8 June of a Change in the Representation in Parliament, the 1793-Corresponaence inserted in the Appendix will shew that the Union and Concert between the Two Societies in London seem to have acquired additional Strength. It is soon after distinctly stated more

effectual

Appendix C. 25. 28 Oct.

8 Nov. and $ Dec. 1793.

Appendix E. 17 May 1793-

34 Geo. III. 6° ynnii.

671

effectual Means than Petitions must be adopted ', and early in the Autumn of 1793, the joint Efforts of the Two Societies were directed to the Formation of a Convention at Edinburgh, to which Delegates were to be sent from London, and were invited from many of the Country Societies. Many of these Societies actually sent Delegates; and of those who did not, several approved of the Measure, and only objected to the Time; while others, approving both of the Time and of the Measure, declined any Share in it on Account of their not having received a sufficiently early Notice, or of their being unable to afford the Expence with which it was necessarily attended.

The immediate Foundations of these Proceedings appear to have been a Letter from the Corresponding Soaety, May 17th 1793, to the Friends of the People at Edinburgh, which, after expressing their Desire to unite, not only with each other, but with every other Society throughout the Nation, proceeds: " Our Petitions, you will have learned, have all been unsuccess hil; our Attention must now, therefore, be " turned to some more effectual Means; — from your " Society we would willingly learn them, and you, on your Part, may depend upon our adopting the " firmest Measures, provided they are Constitutional; " and we hope the Country will not be behind " us."

A Letter from Skirving to Hardy, dated 25th May 1793, is inserted in the Appendix, and contains many Passages which appear to be very material; but which' will be more particularly referred to in the Account of the Correspondence of the Scotch Convention.

On the 10th of June 1793, the Secretary of the Corresponding Society writes to the Secretary to the Constitutional Society at Birmingham: "We are entirely of " your Opinion with regard to the Necessity of a " ral Union; and believe as you do, that When once " the Country shall be so united, the Neros of the Day " will be forced to yield to the just Demand of a long " and sore oppressed People."

A Letter from the Political Societies at Norwich, which appears to have been received by the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, on the 25th of June 1793, contains the following Passage; " We " received your friendly Letter, wherein you stated " Three Propositions: first, a Petition to His Majesty; or to Parliament; or, a National Convention. I gave my Opinion on the Subject to the " Constitutional Society at 'and found their " Ideas congenial to my own, viz. An Address to the " King, futile; a Petition to Parliament, as a conquered People, tolerable; a National Convention, if " Circumstances permitted, best of all."

And in a Letter from the Secretary of the Corresponding Society, of die 25th of July 1793, which appears to be an Answer to the foregoing, it is said,

" With regard to the Questions themselves, however " Individuals may have made up their Minds on them,

" the Public seemed most to approve of the Mode " of petitioning Parliament', roe accordingly " eseed, and sent in a Petition, signed by nearly 6,000 Persons; with this Letter you will receive a Copy of " it, and of its Fate you are doubtless not unac- quainted." After saying that their Firmness is not confined to Words, and that they will be foremost in asserting and recovering the lost Liberties of the Country, the Letter recommends to the Norwich Society to form a Junction with all others associated for the same Purpose throughout the Nation; and above all orderly and courageously to prepare themselves for the Event, as they cannot expect to re-possess their Rights without a Struggle', that it may be advantageous to Humanity, that they should shew themselves at first an indignant oppressed People, in whom is not yet entirely extinct the Valour of their Forefathers.

Vol. 49.

In the Month of October the Resolutions were passed Appendix C. in the Society for Constitutional Information, and the London Corresponding Society, relative to the Convention at Edinburgh, which have been already taken Notice of.

The Society for Constitutional Information at Shes- Appendix E. field insert, in a Letter to the London Constitutional Society, the following Extract from a Letter, which was 1793.°^ sent to the Convention at Edinburgh:

" That it would have given this Society the most " heartfelt Satisfaction to have had a Delegation present " at their approaching Convention, had we received " timely Notice of their Wishes that it should be so:

" But it unfortunately happens that all the Gentlemen " belonging to the Society, which it would choose for so " important a Business, are so previously engaged in " Affairs which they cannot possibly postpone in so " short an Interval, that it is not in our Power " to comply with their Requisition on the present " Occasion.

" This Society are also of Opinion, that to give " such a Measure its full Effect, it would be necessary that the other Societies in South Britain should " have Communication with each other on the Subject, and be able to ascertain that Deputations would " be sent from, at least, a Majority of the Societies in " this Part of the Kingdom. And, to evince that we " should be happy to unite our Efforts with their's in " One firm and settled Plan, we assure them, that if ‘is they think proper to fix another Meeting in January " or February, or any other Time which may be more " agreeable, and give us immediate Notice thereof,

" and that they wish to see Delegates from the several " Societies in this*Part of the Kingdom, we will write " to all those we are in Correspondence with, to get " such a Delegation as may be truly respectable and " important"

In a Letter from the Constitutional Society at Leeds, Appendix E. dated 5th November 1793, to the Society for Consti- Leed*,sNov. tutional Information in London, is the following Para- 1793‘ graph:

" It is with great Satisfaction we read your Letter,

" and approve of your having elected your Delegates " to serve upon such a laudable Undertaking; but " if you meant for the Leeds Society to adopt the " same Measures, shall be glad if you Will answer this " immediately; as we are not acquainted with the " Time of their sitting, we fear our Delegates will be " too late."

A Letter from the Society of Birmingham to the Appendix £ London Constitutional Society states, that they had re- Birmingham, qeived a Letter from the Constitutional Society, which 6 Nov‘1793' had obtained the Approbation of every Member present, and that they would at all Timed concur with the Constitutional Society in any. Measure that may have a Tendency to hasten the Return of departed Liberty; that the Object of the Mission of Delegated to the Scotch Convention is a Measure upon which depends the Regeneration of Britain from a State of Slavery to a State of Freedom and Happiness; and that the Society at Birmingham have odly to regret, that at present, their Ability will not allow them to co-operate with the Constitutional Society, by sending a.Delegate to the Convention at Edinburgh; and this they state to be One of the Calamities of the Wat.

The Society at, Coventry transmit to the London Appndix E. Constitutional Society, the Copy of a Resolution of the Coventry, 28th October 1793, relative to the Election of De- j®93 °y‘ legates, communicating their Approbation of a Measure which they conceive peculiarly calculated to accelerate the Acquisition of the Object proposed.

THE Proceedings of the Convention, which assembled at Edinburgh in the Close of 1^93, appear to your Committee to have been of such Importance, and to throw so much Light upon the Subject of this

Part

A. 1794.

672

6° yunii.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

V '

Appendix F.

Part of the Report, that it has been thought necessary to ciety, which after complaining of the late Rejection of give a connected Account of them in this Place, with the Sheffield Petition in the House of Commons, de-References to Extracts from the Minutes of that Assem- dares, that a Reform in Parliament can never be brought bly inserted in the Appendix; and, in order to render about but by the powerful Interposition of the great Body this Account more complete, it may be necessary shortly of the People.

to recur to the Proceedings of Two other Meet- The Society of Leeds begin their Correspondence Vide Appeo-ings which had taken Place at Edinburgh at an earlier with Skirting, by a Letter of the 29th of May 1793, dlx F‘ (N*3-) Period. by desiring fraternal Communication with the Society

A Number of Persons styling themselves a General of Edinburgh, requesting its Assistance and Instruc-Convention of Delegates from the Societies of the tion, and that though their Numbers are few, not exceed-Friends of the People throughout Scotland, appear, ing 200, they are Men, and determined to instruct their from the Papers laid before the Committee to have Neighbours in their Common Interest.

assembled at Edinburgh on the 11 th of December 1792, On the 18th of May 1793, the Friends of the People, Vide Appen-

for the Purpose, as they alledged, of concerting Mea- Free Mason's Tatern, London, passed a Vote of Thanks d«F*(N*3-) sures for obtaining a Redress of Grievances, and for to the Convention which had taken Place, the Beginning restoring the Freedom of Election, and an equal Re- of that Year, for their Zeal and Activity in the Cause presentation of the People in Parliament. — This of Parliamentary Reform, and recommended a Conti-Meeting was composed of a Number of Persons as- nuance of the same Spirit, Industry, and Temper, sembled from different Parts of Scotland, and delegated during the Recess' of Parliament. This Vote appears 18 May by the various Clubs and Societies which had lately to have been transmitted to Skirting in a Letter , from 1793- Vide been established in that Country under the Name of the Secretary, which requests that the Vote of Thanks ^P®y"F# The Friends of the Peyple. — They amounted to about might be communicated to the various Societies in k 170, amongst whom were some Persons of a higher Scotland.

Situation and Rank in Life, most of whom however On the 23d of July, the Secretary of the Friends of aa JulyiTQa1 afterwards discontinued their Attendance. — Skirting, the People wrote another Letter to Skirting (appa-since convicted and transported by Sentence of the Court rently in answer to a Letter from him on the Subject) 5

of Justiciary, acted as their Secretary, and continued in which is the following Passages — " the Plan of De

uniformly to act in that Capacity.

After sitting a few Days, this Convention appears to have adjourned to the End of April 1793, when they again assembled, though not in such Numbers as before, Skirting still officiating as their Secretary, and corresponding with all the Societies in Scotlaiid, and several in England, on the Subject of a Reform in Parliament. This Convention separated in Four Days, and appointed their next Meeting to take Place at Edinburgh, on the 29th of October following.

legates would be very improper- in this Country at present. A very small Part of it indeed would be " active for Reform. If such a Meeting is attempted " it will operate, like many rash Steps of some who " w'ish well to the Cause, much to its Disadvantage."

Another Letter, dated the 29th of October, from the 39 Oct 1793. Secretary of the Friends of the People in London, ad- Vide Appen-dressed also to Skirting, acknowledges the Receipt of

dix F. (N*6.)

several Copies of the Trials of Muir and Palmer,

About the Time when the First Convention sepa- which he says he will bind up with the Trial of Paine, rated, in April 1793, a Correspondence seems to have and recommends to the Scottish Convention to avoid die commenced between Skirting (the Secretary) and va- Violence which has done Mischief to the Cause of Re-rious Societies in England; and the system of uniting all form in England.

these Societies in Great Britain and Ireland, in com- The Correspondence of the London Corresponding mon Measures, appears to have been regularly acted upon. Society with Skirting, previous to May 1793, does not From a variety of Letters found in the Possession of appear; but a Letter of the 17th of this Month, from Skirting when apprehended at Edinburgh on the 5th the Secretary to Skirting, which has been already re-December 1793, it appears that he corresponded, as ferred to, solicits a Renewal of Correspondence, and Secretary of the Scotch Convention, with the following more intimate Co-operation.

Societies:

The Society for Constitutional Information, Crown ' and Anchor Tavern, London;

The London Corresponding Society;

The Society of the Friends of the People, Free Mason's Tavern, London;

The Sheffield Constitutibnal Society;

Leeds (constitutional Society;

Nottingham Society for promoting a Parliamentary Reform; and

A Society at Norwich.

The Correspondence with the Sheffield Constitutional Society commences in April 1793.

Three Letters from their Secretary were found in the Possession of Skirting, to whom they are addressed.

The First of these, inclosing a Copy of the Peti-: tion then about to be presented to the House of Commons — The Second, inclosing a Set of Resolutions against the War, which the Secretary transmits, with a Request that they should be adopted by all the Societies in Great Britain — And the Third, dated the Vide Appen- 27th of May, after acknowledging the Receipt of a dix F. (N*i.) Lgtter of joth of that Month from Skirting, communicating to the Sheffield Society the Proceedings of the Convention at Edinburgh, which separated in April, approves of its Proceedings, and states an Address made by their late President to the Sheffield So-

To this an Answer was returned by Skirting, dated 25th May 1793, which has also been before referred to, and has the following remarkable Passages:

" If we sought only the Extirpation of One Set " of interested Men from the Management of National Affairs, that Place might be given to another " Set, without affecting the Vitals of the System adverse " to Reform, this might be easily accomplished: but

" to cut up wide and deep-rooted Prejudices, to give " effectual Energy to the Dictates of Truth in Fayour of Public Virtue and National Prosperity* in " Opposition to Self and all its interested Habits, " and to withstand and over-awe the final Efforts of " the Powers of Darkness, is the Work of the Whole " and not of a Part; — a Work to which Mankind, " till this awful Period, were never adequate; because " never, till now, disposed to fraternize.

" Let us begin in earnest to make up our Minds " relative to the Extent of Reform which we ought to " seek, be prepared to justify it, and to controvert " Objections. Let us model the Whole in the Publie Mind. Let us provide every Stake and Stay " of the Tabernacle which we would erect; so that " when the Tabernacles of Oppression in the Palaces of Ambition are broken down, under the " Madness and Folly of their Supporters, we may " then, without Anarchy and all dangerous Delay, " erect at once our Tabernacle of Righteous-

ness,

On

34 Geo. III.

6° yunii.

673

Vide Appendix E. 5. Oct-1793-

8 Nov. 1793. Vide Appendix F.(N» 7.)

*9Nov.1793.

18N0V.1793.

Appendix F. (N‘8.)

Appendix F. (N*».)

On the 5th of October the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society again writes to Starving, highly approving of the Idea of a Convention, and expressing his Belief that the London Corresponding Society will send Delegates to it: " Our Freedom, as " you justly observe, depends entirely on ourselves,

" and upon our availing ourselves of this Opportunity, which Once lost may not be so soon recovered."

On the 8th of November, he again writes to the Delegates Margarvt and Gerald, then at in-

forming them of what had been doing in the Society since their Departure; and requests to be favoured " with the Number of Delegates in the Convention, " and the Number from England also, and how the " Civil and Military Power relishes your Meeting."

On the 29th of November he again writes to them, stating that the General Committee " are highly " pleased with the proposed Union with our Northern " Brethren; and beg you will use every Exertion in " your Power to establish that desirable Union upon " a firm and permanent Basis. It gives us great " Pleasure and Encouragement to hear that the Spirit " of Liberty is so flourishing in the North; and are " happy to inform you, that the same noble Spirit is " making a rapid Progress in the South."

The Instructions from the Corresponding Society to Margarot and Gerald, dated the 24th of October 1793, signed by their Chairman and Secretary, were also found in the Possession of Starving. They consist of Nine different Articles. By Article 1st, the Delegate is instructed, that " he shall on no Account " depart from the original Object and Principles of " this Society, namely, the obtaining Annual Parliaments and Universal Suffrage by rational and " lawful Means:

" 2d. To support the Opinion that Representatives in Parliament ought to be paid by their Constituents.

" 7th. That it is the Duty of the People to " resist any Act of Parliament repugnant to the original Principles of the Constitution, as would be " every Attempt to prohibit Associations for the " Purpose of Reform."

The Instructions by the Society for Constitutional Inforniation to their Delegates were also found in the Possession of Skirving; the Purport of which have been already stated in the former Report of the Committee.

There was likewise found in the Possession of Skirving, a Letter from the Secretary of the Leeds Constitutional Society, addressed " to the Members " of the Scotch Convention," and which is inserted at full Length in the Appendix.

From the Papers produced to the Committee, it appears that this Convention did accordingly assemble at Edinburgh on the 28th of October last, to the Number of about 150 Persons; and after sitting Four Days, in the Hope of being joined by the Delegates from England, they separated, in the Apprehension that the English Delegates did not mean to attend. — Two Days afterwards, Margarot and Gerald, with Two other Persons, One of them a Delegate from the London Society for Constitutional Information, and the other a Delegate from Sheffield, arrived in Edinburgh. Skirving immediately called together a new Convention, to meet upon the 19th of November; and in an Advertisement inserted in the Newspaper called The Edinburgh Gazetteer, and by Hand Bills, strongly urged the Necessity of the Delegates throughout Scotland attending to this Meeting.

About the 4th or 5th of November, Messrs. Hamilton Rowan and Butler, Members of the Society of United Irishmen of Dublin, arrived at Edinburgh from Ireland, though with no immediate Commission on Vol. 49.

this Business; but during the Week they remained in Second Re-that Place, they, with the English Delegates, attended port from the Meeting of the General Committee of the Con- Committee vention, in which it was agreed to receive these Two Gentlemen as Delegates from the Society of United Irishmen. Mr. Hamilton Rowan appears to have acknowledged, by voluntary Declaration before the Sheriff of Edinburgh, that he had been solicited by Letter from Scotland on the Subject of sending Delegates from the Society of United Irishmen to attend the Scotch Convention; but he declined mentioning the Names of the Person or Persons who had so corresponded with him.

This. Convention accordingly met on the 19th of November, to the Number of about 160, and rather a greater Proportion of Country Delegates than before:

Rowan and Butler were by this Time returned to Ireland; but the English Delegates remained, and regularly attended the Convention as long as it continued. to meet.

During the Three first Days, the Convention appears, from its Minutes, to have chiefly employed itself on Matters of Form; but having on the 22d November 1793, changed its Title to that of " The " British Convention of Delegates of the People,

" associated to obtain Universal Suffrage and Annual " Parliaments," they, in almost every Particular, assumed the Stile and Mode of Proceeding adopted by the National Convention of France. They divided themselves into Sections — Committees of Organization, Instructions, Finance, and Secrecy; denominated their Meetings Sittings; granted Honours of Sittings; made honourable Mention in their Minutes of Patriotic Donations; entered their Minutes as made in the First Year of the British Convention; instituted Primary Societies; Provincial Assemblies and Departments; received from their Sections a Variety , of 'Motions and Reports — some of which have the Words " Vive la Convention" prefixed to them, and end with " ca ira" — and some dated, " First Year of the British " Convention, One and indivisible."

Having at last, on the 28th of November, with peculiar Solemnity, passed a Resolution, which necessarily atracted the Attention of the Law Officers of the Crown, the Ringleaders, with all their Papers, were seized, early on the Morning of the 5th of December, and carried before the proper Magistrate for Examination. The Resolution alluded to, and which appears from the Minutes (Extracts from which are stated in the Appendix) to have been the Subject of frequent and deliberate Consideration, was deemed by the Convention as not expedient to be inserted immediately in its proper Place. The Insertion of it appears to have been postponed till the Close of the Convention, and a Blank was left for that Purpose in the Minutes. The Motion, with the Resolutions founded thereon, was discovered amongst the Papers of the Delegate from the Society for Constitutional Information in London, and is of the following Tenor:

" Resolved, That the following Declaration and Resolutions be inserted at the End of our Minutes; viz.

" That this Convention, considering the calamitous Consequences of any Act of the Legislature which may tend to deprive the Whole or any Part of the People of their undoubted Right to meet, either by themselves or by Delegation, to discuss any Matter relative to their common Interest, whether of a public or private Nature, and holding the same to be totally inconsistent with the First Principles and Safety of Society, and also subversive of our known and acknowledged Constitutional Liberties, do hereby declare before God and the World, that we shall 8 1 " follow

Second Report from Cqmxpittee of Secrecy.

Appendix F. NWi 10, 11, 1*2, and 13.

674

.6* Junii.

A, 1794.

" follow the wholesome Example of fanner/Times,

" by paying no Regard to any Act which shall " militate against the Constitution of our /Country*

" and shall copUnue to assemble and consider of " the best Means by which we ean accomplish a " real Representation of the People, and Annual " Election, until compelled to desist Jby superior " Force.

" And we -do resolve, -that the First Notice " given for the Introduction /of a {Convention Pill, " or any Bill of a similar Tendency -to that passed " in Ireland, in dm last Session of their Puriiament;

" Or any Bill for 'the Suspension of the Habeas " Corpus Act, or the Act for preventing wrongous " Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in " Trial in North Britain

" Or in case of an Invasion; or the Admission of " any Foreign Troops whatsoever into Great " tain or Ireland;

" All or any One of these calamitous -Circumstances, shall be a Signal to the several Delegates " to repair to such Place as the Secret‘Committee " of this Convention shall appoint; -and the First " Seven Members shall have Power to dedare " the Sittings permanent, shall-constitute a Convention, and Twenty-one proceed-to Business.

" The Convention doth therefore /resolve, that " each Delegate, immediately on this Return Home, " do convene his Constituents, and-explain to them " the Necessity of electing a Delegate or Delegates, " and of establishing a Fund, without Delay, " against any of these Emergencies, for his or their " Expence; and that -they do instruct the said " Delegate or Delegates to hold themselves ready "to depart at One Hour's Warning."

These Resolutions appear, from the Minutes, to have been immediately followed up by the Appointment -of a Secret Committee, whose Powers and Mode of Proceeding are precisely and distinctly marked out in foe Minutes of the Convention. It is proper farther to 6tate, that on the 4th of December, foe Day preceding foe Arrest of foe Ringleaders, -when they probably had either received Information, or had suspected from foeir own Conduct, that Measures were to be taken against them, foe Convention, on foe Motion of Margarot, unanimously resolved.

" That foe Moment of any illegal Dispersion of " the British Convention shall be considered as a " Summons to the Delegates to repair to the " Place oif Meeting appointed for foe -Convention of " Emergency by foe Secret Committee; and that the " Secret Committee be instructed, without Delay, to " proceed ito fix foe Place of Meeting."

Upon foe evening -of foe 5th of December, foe Convention met, notwithstanding foe Arrest of foeir leading Members of foe Morning of foat Day, end proceeded instantly to declare themselves permanent, and to meet in Spite of the Magistrates; but were prevented from proceeding further by foe unexpected Appearance of foe Magistrates, to whose Authority they refused to submit, until the Provost of foe City seized foe Sheffield Delegate, foeir president, and compelled him tp leave foe Chair. They again met on foe Evening -of foe foh of December, in a House in foe Suburbs -of foe City, and wore proceeding with the same Violence as on the -preceding Evening, when the Sheriff of foe County interrupted and dispersed them. Since-foi6 Period no Public Meeting has been held; but they have continued to meet privately and in different Societies, and appear still to cany on a Secret Correspondence with various Parts of England and Scotland. An Abstract of the Minutes of this Convention, and of the most material Motions and Proceedings held amongst these Persons, and Three

Letters to :foe Secretary of the 'Corresponding Society, axe subjoined in the Appendix to this Report.

SUB&EQTJENT to the Dispersion of foe Scotch Convention, the Plan for calling another Convention in England/became foe /immediate 'Object df foe Two Societies in 'London. An Account of their Proceedings for /this Purpose has already been hud before foe House, in the former Report; but in Order to give a mare connected View of foe whole Subject, your Committee have inserted, in Order of Time, in the Appendix, the /same Proceedings to which they have already referred. Your Committee having observed, foat the Variation between the Entry on the Books of foe Society for Constitutional Information, of the -1 ith of April 1794, iand foe Entry of the Report received the same Day, from the Joint Committee of the Two Societies, is ‘likely to be relied on, as tending to shew that foe Society for Constitutional Information ‘did not concur with their Committee in foe Design of -assembling a pretended General Convention of the People, have inserted at foil Length in the Appendix all that appears in the Books of the Constitutional Society on foat Subject. They have also thought it right to insert the Account given of this Transaction, in the Examination of Mr. Thompson, a Member of this House, to which they refer.

-In pursuance of the Plan which they have adopted, the Committee have next inserted such Correspondence and Proceedings of the Societies in the Country, as -have passed since the Dispersion of the Convention at Edinburgh, with relation to foe Measures to be taken in Conseauence of that Event, and to foeir Concurrence in the Design, formed in London, for assembling another Convention in England.

At a General Meeting of Delegates, held at Norwich, it was unanimously resolved, that One or more Delegates shall be sent to foe next General Convention, as soon as called for by their London Correspondents.

In a Letter to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society from the Norwich Societies, they desire to know whether the Friends of the People consent to a Convention, and whether they will take an active Part. — " Many of our Friends are fully convinced " of the Necessity, Legality, and Rationality of a Convention; but Gbaere whether the Time be expedient ?"

Some Persons, who describe themselves as Friends to a Radical Reform, write from Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Secretary of the Corresponding Society, that they dare assert the natural and unalienable Rights of Main, and have formed themselves into Societies, which meet Weekly, admitting none but known Friends, and have assumed no Name but that of Newspaper Companies.- — They were in great Spirits while the Brt tish Convention continued to act; but after their Suppression, a Damp was cast on the Whole. — Subscriptions were ready to be sent off the very Night they were suppressed. — They wish to copy the Example oif the London Corresponding Society, and to know their Views and Intentions as soon as convenient; and desiring to be favoured with the Correspondence of that Society — they conclude, by expressing a Hope " that " the Hydra of Tyranny and Imposition may soon fall " under the Guillotine of Truth and Reason." The Corresponding Society return an Answer, in which they exhort foe Society at Newcastle to be assured that the glarioas Reign of Liberty and Equality will, ere long, be-established, and modern Governments, with every Appendage of Wickedness and Corruption, will flee from their genial Influence. — They complain of the rapid Advances of Despotism in Great Britain, and express foeir Readiness cordially to unite with every Society in the Three Kingdoms, who have for their Object a full and effectual Representation of the People; they therefore have deputed Six of their Members

Appendix C. 6 Dec. 1793. 10, 24 Jan. 21, 28 Mar. 4- n April, and 9 May, 1794.

Examination of Mr. Thompson, Appendix G.

Appendix H.

Norwich, 24 Feb. 1794.

Appendix H. 29 April 1794.

Appendix H. Newcastle upon Tyne, 1st May 1794.

34 Geo. III. 6° J

ben to meet Six Members of the Society for Constitutional Information, to form a Committee of Correspondence and Co-operation. — " This Committee " meets regularly twice a Week, and any Member " delegated by your Society wUl meet with every " Information required. We ineioee you a few of " our Resolutions, entered into at our General Meeting on the 14th of April, which wiU be sufficiently

explanatory of our Sentiments and Views. We " heartily concur with you in wishing that the Hydra " of Tyranny and Imposition may soon fall under the " Guillotine of Truth and Reason."

Appendix H. A Letter to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, from the Secretary of the Constitutional 11 ay 1794. gocjety at Sheffield, gives an Account of a Meeting at Halifax. The Friends of Peace and Reform at Halifax held a General public Meeting in the open Air, on April 21st, 1794, at which were many Friends from Leeds, Wakefield, Huddersfield, Bradford, and the adjacent Neighbourhood. — The Friends of Freedom, after the Meeting, agreed to hold a General Meeting of Delegates, in order to consider of the Measures to be adopted by them preparatory to a General Convention. — The People of Hal fax were advised by the Society at Sheffield, to defer the Meeting of Delegates until further Information from the London Corresponding Society on that Subject; and for that Reason Application was made to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, requesting as early Intelligence as possible on that important Business.

Appendix H. The Society at Bristol applaud the Resolution of

Bristol, the London Corresponding Society for forming another 94Apnli794. General Convention, and state that their increasing Numbers give them every reasonable Hope of soon being able more effectually to co-operate with that Society — they desire a Sketch of the Plan respecting the General Convention. In the Answer of the London Corresponding Society it is stated, that a printed circular Letter from them has been determined upon, of which the Society at Bristol may expect a Copy in a few Days. — This refers to the circular Letter for calling a Convention, inserted by your Committee in their former Report.

Your Committee have thought it right in this Place, to call the Attention of the House to the Proceedings of a Meeting held ait Sheffield on the 7th of April 1794, which form a very material Part of these Transactions; although it does not appear that at that Meeting any Resolution was passed expressing an Intention to send Delegates to the intended Convention.

These Proceedings consist of an Address to the King; an Address to the Nation; certain Resolutions; and Speeches (printed together with them, and) delivered on the same Day by a Person calling himself Henry Yorke. — The Tide is as follows:

" Proceedings of the Public Meeting held at " Sheffield, in the open Air, on the 7th of " April 1794; and also, an Address to the " British Nation, being An Exposition of the " Motives which have determined the People " of Sheffield to petition the House of Commons " no more on the Subject of Parliamentary " Reform."

In the Course of these Proceedings it was moved, " That a Petition be presented to the House of Commons, for a Reform in the Representation of the " People in ParliamentBut so marked was the Disapprobation given by the whole Meeting to tins Measure, that not one single Person seconded the Motion, but a most profound Silence, interrupted only by a few Murmurs, was observed.

An Account is afterwards given of One of Yorke'* Vo 1* 49.

uniu 675

Speeches, in which, after speaking of General History, Second Re-there is the following Passage: Port fr?"1

" It must be granted mat this Experience is important, because it teaches the suffering Nations " of the present Day in what Manner to prepare u their combustible Ingredients, and Humanists in what " Manner enkindle them, so as to produce with " Effect that grand political Explosion, which at the " same Time that it buries Despotism, already convulsive and agonizing, in Ruins, may raise up the " People to the Dignity and sublime Grandeur of tf Freedom.

" When such a Resolution of Sentiment shall " have dispersed the Mists of Prejudice; when, by " the Incessant Thundering* from the Press, the " meanest Cottager of our Country shall be enlightened, and the Sun of Reason shall shine in its fullest " Meridian over us, then the commanding Voice of the " whole People shall recommend the Five hundred " and Fffly-eight Gentlemen in St. Stephen's Chapel to

" go about their Business."

The Resolutions adopted at the Meeting, were; *

" 1st That the People being the true and only " Source of Government, the Freedom of speaking " and writing upon any Subject, cannot be denied to " the Members of a free Government, without ojffeting the grossest Insult to the Majesty of the People.

" 2<L That therefore the Condemnation of Citizens Muir, Palmer, Skirting, Margarot, and Gerald

" to Transportaion, for exposing the Corruptions of " the British Government, was an Act better suited " to the Maxims of a despotic than a free Goverument.

" 3d. That the Address which has now been read,

" be presented to the King, in Behalf of the above " persecuted Patriots.

" 4th. That in every Country where the People " have no Share in their Government, Taxation is " Tyranny.

" 5th. That therefore a Government is tyrannical or " free, in Proportion as the People are equally.or " unequally represented.

" 6th. Convinced of this Truth, it is the Opinion " of this Meeting that the People ought to demand as " a Right, and not petition as a Favour, for Universal " Representation.

" 7th. That therefore we will petition the House of " Commons no more, on this Subject."

And lastly (after agreeing to a Petition to the King Respecting Negro Slavery, and passing several Resolutions on that Subject) " That the Committee of " the Sheffield Constitutional Society be desired to see " that the above Resolutions be carried into Effect;

" and that they prepare an Address to the British " Nation, explanatory of the Motives which have " induced this Meeting to adopt the Resolution of no more petitioning the House of Commons on the " Subject of Reform."

The following Passages axe extracted from tills Address.

" Friends and Countrymen,

" We have this Day decided, with the Exception " of only One dissentient Voice, that the House of " Commons shall never again be petitioned by us on " the Subject of Parliamentary Reform." m The Address then recites the Words of the Petition of the 8th of April 1793, [" That the House of M Commons is not in the just Sense of the Words u what your Petitioners are from Form Obliged to M term it, tm. tire Commons ef Great Britain in Parliament

676

6" Junii. A. 1794.

Second Re» port from Committee of Secrecy.

" Parliament assembled;"] and then proceeds, in different Passages, as follows:

" Our Petition was received with the utmost Indignation by the House of Commons, which was no more " than we expected. —

" And although our Petition was disdainfully rejected because not couched in Language sufficiently " polite and respectful for the Five hundred and " eight Gentlemen who sit at the House of Commons; " yet, believe us, Fellow Citizens, we are still of " Opinion, that the Matter it contained was not only " just and proper, but we think that even the Language which gave so much-Offence to the " able Gentlemen was much too polite and too moderate " for us. For if the House of Commons were the " real Representatives of the People, we certainly had " a Right to dictate, and not to petition, because they " could be considered in no other Light than as the " Organs of the Public Will; and if they refused to " obey that Will, they would be Usurpers and not " Representatives. —

" However the Petition, such as it was, being termed " disrespectful, was thrown out by a Majority of 79, " there being 29 only who voted for its being received, " and 108 who voted against it. —

" Such imperious Treatment rather gives Warning " than strikes Terror. —

"We said to the House of Commons, We are wronged and aggrieved: Will you right us, and " redress our Grievances, or will you not ? If you will, " we shall be satisfied; if you will not, we shall seek " Redress some other Way. This is the sole Question " with us; and we put it, as we thought, in a most " becoming Stile to the House of Commons. Rut our " Petition being scouted, we shall trouble them no more " with our coarse and unmannerly ." " It

" will be our Duty to proceed, as we have uniformly " done hitherto, in enlightening the Public Mind; ana " when a complete Resolution of Sentiment shall take " place (as will shortly be the Case) in our Country, we " shall open our Mouths in that Key we think most " agreeable to ourselves ."" And our Voice, together " with that of our disfranchised Countrymen, will resemble, perhaps, the Thunderings from Mount Sinai /"

Those who have a Right to speak in a dictatorial " Tone, disgrace themselves, by petitioning." —

" These essential Principles are both easy and comprehensive. , On these we build our Right to Representation, and renounce the Idea of f uture Petitions. " By these Maxims, we find that every Englishmen is " free; and that in the Election of a Supreme " irate, or in the Delegation of Legislative Powers, he

" concedes his Actions to a certain Superintendance, " for the express Purpose of preventing Liberty from " vaulting over its Limits, and introducing a System " of universal Violence, Injury, or Licentiousness. " And although either of these Two delegated Powers " be sufficient to keep any Individual to his Duty, or to " controul every Association in the Community, yet " ‘they are always inferior to the Force which the whole " Society might exert, and are amenable to that Society, " either in an Assembly of the Nation, or in a Deputation " formed for the Purpose. —

" Acts of Parliament, unless sanctioned by the approving Voice of the whole Community, or their " Representatives, are nothing less than arbitrary " Edicts under different Names, and bear a strong " Resemblance to the Rescripts of the Emperors, or the " Decretals of the Vatican. —

" What is the Constitution to us, if we are nothing " to it?And what is any Government but Tyranny,

" in which the People have no Share ? The Consti- " tution of Britain, indeed, is highly extolled, as the " greatest Effort of Human Wisdom; so is the Con-u stitution of Turkey at ConstantinopleBut. these. are

" Prejudices; and the long Tyranny of Prejudice is " verging to a speedy Termination. —

" Yes, Countrymen, we demand Equality of Rights, " in which is included Equality of Representation; " without which Terror is Law, and the Obligations " of Justice are weakened, because unsanctioned by " the sacred Voice of the People. We are not speaking of that visionary Equality of Property, the practical Assertion of which would desolate the World;

" and re-plunge it into the darkest and wildest Barbarism; but that Equality we claim is to make the " Slave a Man, the Man a Citizen, and the Citizen an " integral Part of the State; to make him a joint " vereign and not a Subject."

The Reasons which induced the Meeting at Sheffield. to omit any Resolutions upon the Subject of the intended Convention, have been distinctly stated, by Two Persons who had been Secretaries to the Constitutional Society in that Town.

From their Examination, it appears that a Number of printed Circular Letters had been received at Sheffield, from the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society, relative to a Convention, and that the Sheffield Society objected to the calling it at this Time, but had no Objection to the Measure itself; that it was their Opinion that the British Convention at Edinburgh ought to have secured the Confidence of the People by a public Address to the Nation, before they had ventured to sit as a permanent Body; and that the Address from Sheffield to the Nation, containing a Recommendation that no more Petitions should be presented to Parliament, was intended to prepare the People for a Convention.

While these Proceedings were taking place in different Parts of England, with a View to a General Convention, it appears from the Information contained in the Letters from the Secretary of State, which have been already referred to, that Measures of a similar Tendency were carrying on with great Activity, and to a great Extent, in Scotland. The Appointment of Delegates to attend a Convention to be assembled at some Place in England, at an early Period, seems to have been very generally recommended by the Committee at Edinburgh.

The naming the Place was for the present omitted, but it was promised to be shortly announced through the Secret Committee, in the same Manner as appears from the Circular Letter of the London Corresponding Society (inserted in the former Report) to have been intended in this Part of the Kingdom; and the Invitation to appoint Delegates appears to have been circulated by the same Emissaries who were employed by the Committee at Edinburgh for the Purpose of promoting the Plan of arming those with whom they were in Correspondence.

FROM a Review of these Proceedings, it indisputably appears, that the immediate and ostensible Object professed to be aimed at by the Measures which have been related (if stated within the narrowest Limits) was that of effecting no leiss fundamental a Change in the Frame of the House of Commons, than the Introduction of Universal Suffrage in the Election of it, and rendering the Period of the Election Annual: That through the whole Course of the Correspondence which has been carried on, and the Concert which has been formed by different. Societies for this Purpose, no Idea has for a long Time been pointed at, of obtaining this Change by any Application to Parliament; that on the contrary any such Idea has been specifically and-pointedly disclaimed, recently by the formal and, in , some Instances, public Resolutions of the Societies in London, and many of those in the Country, and repeatedly, and from an early Period, in the private Correspondence, either of the Societies

34 Geo. III.

6° Jiin.

677

cieties or of their leading Members. It has been expressly laid down, that more effectual Means than Petitions must be tried. The express Object stated in the Resolutions for calling the -proposed General Convention of the People, or General Meeting of the Friends of Liberty (under which ever of those Names it is to be described) was to consider of the Means of obtaining a full and equal Representation, not of the Thing to be obtained, but of the Means of obtaining it, and this subsequent to the Declarations last mentioned, that more effectual Means than Petitions must be tried. These more effectual Means could, in the veiy Nature of the Thing, consist of but One of Two possible Alternatives, either introducing this Change in the Frame of One Branch of the Legislature, by some other Authority than that of the Legislature itself; or bringing that Legislature, either by Force or Intimidation, against its Will, to lend its Authority to that Purpose.

Accordingly the mildest Terms in which, for a long Time, the Parties to this Measure have described the Mode by which they expected to attain their Ends, have pointed at so extending and diffusing these Societies, and establishing such an Union and Concert among them, as might spread their Principles and Opinions through every Part of the Country, and produce a Declaration of the collective Sense of the People, in such a Manner, as to overcome all Resistance.

But on many other Occasions, and more openly of late, the Language adopted has pointed more distinctly at the Use of open' Force; at the specific Object of actually assembling a pretended National Convention; at the Necessity of preparing courageously for the STRUGGLE, which they must expect, before those who were adverse to their Measures would yield to them; and at obtaining the Redress which they profess to seek, not from Parliament, or from the Executive Government, but FROM THEMSELVES, and from THEIR OWN STRENGTH AND VALOUR, from their own Laws, and not from the Laws of those whom they term their Plunderers, Enemies, and Oppressors: And when the Language to this Effect repeatedly and deliberately used on so many; Occasions, and in so many Quarters, is combined with the Means lately employed for providing an armed Force, and with the other Projects of Violence and open Attack on different Branches of the existing Authority, which have appeared to be in the Contemplation of some of the Parties in these Measures, it is impossible not to conclude, that it was by such Means, by their own Strength and Numbers, by open Force, defying and either overawing or superseding the Authority of the Legislature, that (in the Extravagance of their Imagination) they had formed the Hope of accomplishing their daring and desperate Designs.

But, extravagant and enormous as this Project is, even on this Statement, it appears to your Committee to be by n<J Means confined even within , these Limits. The Attempt to obtain a Change in One Branch of the Legislature by Force or Terror, against the Will of the Whole, does indeed of itself include if successful, at least a temporary Suspension of all the existing Powers of Government, and could hardly be supposed to stop short of an entire Destruction of the Constitution. But from the whole Tenor of the System which has been acted upon, it is apparent that this was not merely the possible or probable Consequence of such an Attempt, but that the Principles on which it was founded, and the Mode by which it was intended to be executed, obviously and necessarily tended to such a Result. The Principles on which the supposed Right of Universal Suffrage was founded, were not such as led merely to the single Act of altering to that Extent, the Frame of the House of Commons,' and afterwards Vol. 49.

leaving the House of Commons, thus modelled, in Second Ite-Possession, together with the Crown and the House P?rt fr?m of Lords, of their former Legislative Authority, or of°Swrecy. the Crown in Possession of its former Executive Power; but while they led to an Alteration, in the Frame of the House of Commons, they equally led, if carried to their natural Extent, to the Extinction and Destruction of the other Two Branches of the Legislature.

A Proposition so extravagant may at first be difficult to be credited; but it appears to the Committee to be distinctly proved, from an Examination of the Nature of the Principles themselves; from a Consideration of the System as actually carried into Effect in France, and proposed as a Model by those who were

the Chief Actors in these Proceedings in this Country; and, by repeated Declarations or Acts, which either directly or by necessary Inference point at the Destruction of Hereditary Monarchy, Hereditary Nobility, and every Distinction of Orders and Ranks in Society.

YOUR Committee have stated to the House in their former Report, that subsequent to the Steps taken for the Apprehension of the Persons suspected of being concerned in the Design which has been the Subject of this Report, strong Indications had appeared of a Disposition to concert the Means of resisting such Measures as might be adopted for preventing the Accomplishment of the Design itself, or for bringing the Authors or Abettors of it to Punishment

It appears to your Committee, that immediately after the Apprehension of several of the leading Members of the London Corresponding Society, a Committee was appointed, under the Title of a Committee of Emergency, for the express Purpose of counteracting the Steps which had been taken by the Executive Government to chedc the further Progress of the System which has been detailed in this Report. It also appears, that it has been made Matter of Deliberation, in the Divisions of the London Corresponding Society, whether in the present Exigency they should proceed to address the; King, to petition Parliament, or to make an Appeal to the Nation at large: The latter Proposition was adopted; and, in Consequence of that Decision, a Paper has been printed and published under the Name of the London Corresponding Society, and which your Committee has every Reason to believe to be authentic: This Paper contains the following Passages; viz. " That we intended to call a Convention is a Truth, which needed neither General Warrants, armed Messengers, or Secret Committees to discover, since it was accompanied by a Resolution, to make that Intention known, by 200,000 printed Copies of that Day's Proceedings.

But the Purport ascribed to that Convention, the assuming Legislative Power, is a groundless Falsehood: — The sole Intent was to devise Means of attaining a complete Representative Body, on the Principles of Universal Suffrage, equal Personal Representation, and Annual Election; and whenever or however, such a Body can be obtained, it will not be in the Power of all the Placemen and Pensioners in St. Stephen's Chapel to dispute its Legislative Authority. We are aware that in these Times of Constitutional Bigotry, the last Sentence may sound unpleasantly to many, who do not deserve to be considered as Enemies to Liberty: — We therefore wish it to be clearly understood, that we speak of a Representative Body of the whole Nation,

0and not of any particular Part or Description of Men; And as the Divine Right of Kings is not at this Time directly asserted (at least in this Country) by any, but the most extremely ignorant, we think it ought to follow, as a natural Consequence, that the People are the only legitimate Source of Authority;

8 K " an4

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

678 6° Junii.1794

" and it appears to us that the vain Attempt to draw a " Medium between these Opinions has produced endless Absurdities and Contradictions, to the Disgrace " of our Records and Law Books. Among these the " most conspicuous is called, Abdication of James " the Second, which Phrase (coined for the Purpose)

" may be either understood to mean his Expulsion by " Popular Authority, or his voluntary Resignation; if " the former, it sanctions the Doctrine which we have " advanced; if the latter, we scruple not to call it a " National Lie. To the Honour of Scotland, their " Parliament explicitly declared him banished by Authority of the People. But, Citizens, let us explain " the Truth: — The Expulsion of James the Second,

" and the Establishment of William the Third, though " doubtless agreeable to the general Wishes of the " People, was not in Point of Form an Act of the " People. It was the Act of a Number of Persons,

" calling themselves a Convention, but not regularly " authorized by Popular Delegation, and consequently " falling under the Description of a Faction; and this " not merely in Theory, but in Fact, for their Un-u willingness to acknowledge the rightful Power of the " People was the reason of their adopting the inexplicable Phrase above-mentioned.

" The providing Arms is another Charge, on which " we wish to speak with Caution; lest in asserting, " which we do — that it is totally false — we should be " understood to admit that if it had been true, it would " have proved Criminality.

"We freely acknowledge, that some of our Members " have applied themselves to the Knowledge of Arms; " and, far from desiring to make a Secret of this " Circumstance, we wish their Example was followed " by the whole Nation. We then need not fear Invasion, " either from Frenchmen, Hessians, or Hanoverians: " Nor should we easily be alarmed by the mock Dis-

"covery of Plots, which never existed.

"We are perfectly convinced of the Propriety of " our Opinions respecting t Rights of the People to " have Arms, and to regulate their Constitution.

" It may be expected that we should not conclude " without exhorting the associated Friends of Freedom " to an active Perseverance in the Object of their Associations, — but, judging from the Conduct of our own " Members, we are happy in declaring that we think no

such Exhortation necessary."

From these Passages it appears, that since the Apprehension of their leading Members, and the Measures which have been lately taken in Parliament ' on the Subject of their Designs, the London Corresponding Society have openly avowed their Intention to call a Convention, for the Purpose of devising Means to attain a complete Representative Body, on the Principles of Annual Election and of Universal Suffrage, without any Reference whatever to Parliament, (and as far as can be collected from their own Interpretation of the Phrases which they have used to describe the House of Commons) With the further Intention of arrogating to the Body constituted according to the Manner to be prescribed by such a Convention, the whole Legislative Authority of the Nation.

It appears also that the London Corresponding Society admit that some of their Members have applied themselves to the Knowledge of Arms; and although they deny having provided Arms, they desire not to be understood as admitting that if it had been true it would have proved Criminality; and they assert the Propriety of their Opinion respecting the Rights of the People to have Arms, and to regulate their Constitution.

And this open Avowal of the Design of calling a Convention, and of the Fact of having applied themselves to the Use of Arms, is accompanied with a Declaration of their determined Purpose to persevere* with Activity,

in the Objects of their Association; — Objects which have been already sufficiently explained to the House by Reference to the Acts of the Society, and to the pro* fessed Principles of its leading Members.

IF the Circumstances which have been stated in this Report appear to the House in the same View in which, on the most attentive Consideration, they have appeared to your Committee, it is scarcely necessary to state any collateral Matter in order to satisfy the House how' much the Peace, Safety, and Happiness of the Country must have been affected by the further Progress of the Measures which have been stated.

But if -any Thing were wanting to add to this Impression; it would arise from die Recollection, that the Incitement to internal Commotions in other Coun; tries is the most distinguishing Feature, both of the declared Principles and of the uniform Practice of France under their present System; and that in the Public Acts of those exercising the Powers of Government in that Country, an Intention of invading these Kingdoms, founded on the Idea of receiving Support and Assistance within the Country, has been openly avowed. The Case does not, however, rest here. — It has come under the Observation of your Committee, that recent Measures have been actually taken by the ruling Powers in France for endeavouring to ascertain, both in Great Britain and Ireland, the Degree of Cooperation and Assistance which they might expect in any Attempt of this Nature.

This Communication does not appear, from any Evidence before the Committee, to have any immediate Connection with the Societies, whose Proceedings have been the Subject of this Report; but the Connection with their general Objects is sufficiently evident, both from the Nature of the Thing, and from the Particulars which have been stated in the Course of the Report.

It is not immaterial to add, that in Ireland these; Communications appear to have been directly addressed to a Person acting in Concert with the Societies here, One of their Honorary Members, and who has taken an active Part In the Course of the Proceedings to which your Committee have referred.

YOUR Committee have, for obvious Reasons, omitted to annex to their Report the Evidence of particular Witnesses, by whom the Facts above stated are supported; and, for the same Reasons, they have studiously forborne to mention the Names of Persons and Places, in all Cases in which they could be omitted with a proper Attention to the general Object of their Enquiry, and to the Information which the House has a Right to expect upon so important a Subject.

APPENDIX to the Second Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix, A. (N° l.)

PAPER distributed amongst the Fencibles.

Friends and Brethren,

It is with the greatest Pleasure that your Country-, men are informed, that such is your Attachment and Love to them, and to your Native Country, that you manfully and firmly resolve not to leave it upon any Terms contrary to those upon which you were at first ehgaged. Your Countrymen love you, and their Hearts would be as much wounded to part with , as yours would be to be separated from them. They well know that they are safe under the Protection

their

Appendix

(N* ».)

34 CnEO. III.

6° yunii.

679

their Fathers, their Sons, their Brothers, in Arms, and they neither wish nor desire any other Defenders. They hope and believe that your Hearts are filled with the same Sentiments.

The great Mass of the PEOPLE from amongst whom you have been inlisted, have been represented to you as your Enemies. — Believe not the Assertion. They have been taught to consider you as Foes; but-they do not fear finding Friends amongst their Brethren.

Their Cause and yours i6 the same: — They are poor, but they have honest Hearts; Hearts which sympathize in your Cause: they look for the same Friendship and the same Sympathy in you.

They rejoice to hear, That you- are becoming daily more convinced of the great Truth, that the LAW ought to be the same to the Highlander and to Low-lander, to the Rich and to the Poor, and that no Man can be compelled to take up Arms, by any Authority whatsoever, unless his own Inclinations prompt him to do so.

This Truth has been hitherto carefully concealed from you, but it is not the less certain. — The Will of your Laird, cannot WITHOUT your OWN CONSENT, separate you from your Families and Friends, although many of you may have experienced the Exertions of such a Power, however unjust, and however contrary to LAW.

We respect and admire that Principle which induces you (though Necessity has compelled you to take up Arms) still tp persist in remaining to defend your Frjends at Home, and not to quit a Country which holds Pledges so dear.

When YOU are gone, where is their Defence? — They may be either left without Protection, or may soon see their Country overrun by Foreign Troops, such as in Time past have already shed die Blood of your Ancestors without Provocation and without Remorse, and who would feel perhaps as little Compunction in shedding the irs.

Prepared for every Deed of Horror, these Foreign Mercenaries may violate the Chastity of your Wives, your Sisters, and your Daughters, and when Desire is satiated, Cruelty may resume its Place in their Hearts, as Experience has too well and too fatally shewn; and Friends, Parents, Children, Brothers, may be involved in one common Slaughter.

The cruel Massacre of GLENCOE cannot yet be forgotten; are there not amongst you, whose Forefathers perished there? — Their Hearts throbbing with

Kindness and Hospitality were pierced with the Daggers of their treacherous Guests, and the Feast prepared by the Hand of unsuspecting Friendship, was closed with a Scene of Blood! — Such is the Return for Kindness and Hospitality! — Such the Protection which your Families have to expect — !!!

How will they then look around in vain for your protecting Care, when perhaps you are fighting at.a Distance in a foreign Land? — But they hope you will not forsake them. — Stay, Oh stay, and Defend your Families and your Friends!

FOR THAT PURPOSE ALONE YOU WERE

ENLISTED. ----- --- They are ready to come forward for

you in the Vindication of your Rights.

Thousands join in the same Sentiments with you and ardently wish for your Continuance amongst them. The Circumstances which might require you for quit your Country have not yet taken place. — No Invasion has yet happened — You cannot fee compelled to go — Leave not your Country — Assert your Independence - — Your Countrymen wfil look up to you as their Protectors and Guardians, and will in their Turn lift up their Arms to protect and assist You, ——

DUNDEE, April 12&, 1794.

V©L. 49.

Appendix A. (N® 2.)

To the Landholders of the County of Gentlemen,

Second.Re-: port from Committee of Secrecy.

Observing an Advertisement in the Edinburgh News- A‘

papers requiring you to meet here on the 1 ith Current to take into Consideration a Plan of the Executive, Government for the Internal Defence of the Country, we, a Number of the Inhabitants of Perth and Neighbourhood, consisting of upwards of Three hundred, effective Men, deeply impressed with the Dangers which threaten the Nation, and animated with that Patriotism which proclaims, to the World that the Safety of the People is the supreme Law, make a voluntary Offer of our Services to assist in protecting the Liberties of the People from any Incroachments, either from hostile Invaders, or more dangerous internal Foes, pledging ourselves on the one Hand to resist every Attempt to invade private Property, and on the other to crush and subdue every unlawful Combination of the Rich against the Poor; and bein^ sensible that the Protection of the People's Liberties is a Trust of such Importance that it ought to be committed to those only who are capable of discerning the eternal Laws otY Justice, and of feeling and acting according to the Force of Principle, we pledge ourselves that none but true Men, answering to this Description, shall be allowed to enter our Band; because, independent of the palpable Absurdity of committing our Defence to Criminals, we disdain the mean Shift of crimping, and sweeping Prisons.

It is on the foregoing Principles that we offer our Services to the County, on the following Terms, as a Body of Infantry Troops.

First, We consider these Principles as the best Security for preserving Order; and as Military Law must be very disagreeable, and is wholly unnecessary to Men of our peaceful Habits of Life, we therefore require that every Offence shall be tried by a Jury chosen from among ourselves.

Second, As we are for the most Part settled in Business, or have Families of our own, we must therefore expressly stipulate, that unless an Invasion shall take place in a neighbouring Part of the Country, we shall not be carried out of the County without our own Consent, declared by a Council chosen by ourselves, and held for that Purpose.

Third, We require to have the sole Power of choosing our own Officers from among ourselves, and of cashiering, and placing them in the Ranks at every Month's Epd, if necessary.

Fourth, We require that the County, or Government, shall furnish us with Arms and Military Stores, together with every other Equipment necessary for the Purposes of Defence.

On the other Hand, we engage to find Serjeants in our own Body, qualified to train and discipline the Men, and shall require no Pay, unless called out to actual Service.

This Plan we consider as greatly preferable to that of raising Troops of Cavalry, qs proposed in some Counties, for tile following Reasons:

First, That Pie Horses being taken from the Purposes of Agriculture, must be very hurtful to the Country.

Second, Cavalry are extremely expensive; and in Addition to the present enormous Burden of foreign Troops, together with our own, will rail heavy on Government.

Third, They will require Six or Nine Months to train them; whereas we engage so be ready in Four Weeks from the Time we are embodied, for actual Service.

Fourth, Without an adequate Body of Infantry,

Cavalry are wholly incapable to repel an Invasion, and

are

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix A. (N-J.)

680

6° yunii.

A. 1794.

are only fit for pursuing a flying Enemy, or running down an unarmed Multitude.

Fifth, We engage, when properly trained, to beat off double our own Number of the best Cavalry that can be brought against us.

We also promise to double or triple our Number,' upon a Day's Notice being given, if thought necessary.

The Committee are instructed, by a General Meeting of the Volunteers, to adhere to their former Principles, which are exactly the same as presented to the General of the Landholders.

(Signed) Robert Henderson, Shoemaker.

Matthew Calderwood, D\

John Johnston, Weaver.

David Smith, D°.

James Hakstoun, D*.

Robert Sands, D°.

Andrew Pitkethly, Shoemaker.

(COP Y.)

Minutes of General Meeting, 11 April 1794.

The Preses produced a Letter which had been handed to him, signed by Robert Henderson, Robert Sands, Matthew Calderwood, David Smith, Andrew Pitkethly, and Thomas Smith, relative to an Offer of their Services, and of others who had previously presented an unsigned Petition to the Meeting (but which had been withdrawn) for the internal Defence of the Country: Which Letter being read, the Meeting remit to the Committee' appointed for carrying into Execution the Resolutions of this Meeting, relative to the raising of Two or more Troops of Fencible Cavalry for the internal Defence of die County.

Copy Letter referred to in Minutes of 11 April 1794.

To the President of the Meeting of Landholders of the County of Perth, presently assembled in the

Sheriff Court Room.

President,

We sent in a Number of Proposals into Court to be presented by Colonel Erskine, which we understand are thrown out, because they have no Signatures affixed: We are deputed by these Persons, who offer their Services, and are ready to appear in open Court to give every Satisfaction respecting the Matter; we therefore request that you will bring forward the Proposals, and we shall be ready to wait on you when called upon. President, we are yours. (Signed) Robert Henderson, Robert Sands, Matthew Calderwood, David Smith, Andrew Pitkethly, Thomas Smith.

P. S. The Deputation is in Mr. Murray's, at the Back of the Jail.

Half past Five o'Clock, P. M.

Minutes of Committee, 12th April 1794.

The Committee having examined the Letter which was referred to their Consideration by the General Meeting Yesterday, which Letter has a Reference to a previous Petition presented to the Meeting of Yesterday, but afterwards withdrawn, they find it impossible to deliberate on that Subject at present, neither having the original Petition, nor any Plan respecting the Mode of internal Defence pointed out by the Petitioners, before them; they therefore desire Mr. Paton to deliver a Copy of this Sixth Resolution of the Committee to the Petitioners, so as they may transmit their original Petition, and may communicate any Plan which they have to offer relative to the internal Defence of the Country, which will be paid due Attention to by the Committee at their next Meeting.

(COPY.)

Minutes of Committee, 25 April 1794.

The Committee again considered the Letter signed by Six Persons, and received the original Petition there referred to, with an Addition since made to it, and the Subscription of Seven Individuals adhibited thereto; and were informed by these Persons that the' Resolutions contained in the original Petition were

greed to at a Meeting, called by Means of a printed and Bill pasted up in the Streets of Perth, and held on the North Inch last Wednesday Evening; at which Meeting the y were also informed that the same Persons resolved on presenting a Petition to his Majesty in Behalf of Muir, Gerald, and the other Persons who have lately been sentenced to be transported for the Crime of Sedition; the Committee are of Opinion that Zeal displayed by Individuals, in offering their Services to defend their Country against the uiyust Aggression of the cruel and rapacious foreign- Enemies we are now engaged in War with, is commendable in them as British Subjects, warmly attached to their King, and to our glorious and happy Constitution: But, after considering the Plan suggested, they are of Opinion that it is liable to such Ob- . jections that they cannot give it any Countenance or Support: but they beg to recommend to those Individuals now tendering their Services for the Purpose of repelling the meditated Attacks of the inhuman, ferocious, and irreligious Rulers of that unhappy and devoted Country, France, either to make an Offer of their Services individually to the Officers of the Perthshire Fencible Cavalry, or, if they prefer being in a Corps of Infantry, to inlist into some of the Regiments of Foot now raising. They also beg to inform the-Individuals who have thus professed their Attachment. to the County, that it will be expected they will use their best Endeavours, by avoiding all tumultuous Meetings,. to preserve good Order in the Town of Perth and its Vicinity.

Appendix B. (N* 1.)

Fellow Citizens, London, 17th Oct. 1793.

Appendix a.

Appendix B.

(NM.)

We have to acknowledge at once, your Favours of the; SeCi Tr,n^ 3d September, and 14th Instant. Multiplicity of Bu- Correspond-siness prevented my answering your First: but will now ing Society, inform you that the Spirit shewn in it gave great Satis-fastion to our Society at large. The Rejoicings for the s<* Capture of Valenciennes were not confined to Norwich ciety. alone. The Ignorant every where else throughout the Nation betrayed their Imbecility on the Occasion. But the taking of a Town, the slaughtering of Thousands of Human Beings, the laying waste whole Provinces, or the enslaving a Nation (however great Evils they may be) can only retard for a small Space of Time the Progress of Truth and Reason: Be not disheartened, therefore — pursue your Plan, instruct Mankind, and Constitutionally set your Faces against existing Abuses:

Be assured that many are our Friends, who only wait a favourable Opportunity to openly join us, while our Enemies have much enfeebled themselves and their Cause by their arbitrary Exertions. Despotism is at its last Gasp — One or Two Campaigns more will terminate its Existence.

We are glad to see that you begin to make a proper Use of Delegation: Where Bodies of Men are too numerous to be convened easily on every Occasion, Delegation is the best, and indeed only Way to obtain the general Opinion. Scotland, improving on the Idea, have not only summoned their own Delegates, but also invite those of every other Society to attend a Kind of Convention, which is to be held at Edinburgh on the 29th Instant. The inclosed Paper, which I, previous to the communicating your Letter to our

Committee

34 Geo. III.

6° yunii.

681

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society to Norwich.

Appendix B. Committee (which will meet only Tomorrow) make (N° *) Haste to transmit to you, will shew you that your Society is included in the general Invitation to send Delegates to that. Meeting — which we exhort you to do, if you possibly can. — I firmly believe our Society will not miss the opportunity of doing the same.

We have just published a new Edition of The Englishmen's Rights, or a Dialogue between a Barrister and a Juryman, being an excellent Work, published first by Sir John Hawks, Knight, Solicitor General to King William the Third. It is a Book that ought to be in the Possession of every one, as it contains the Rights and Duties of a Juryman. — Send us Word if you can vend a certain Number of them in your Neighbourhood — we sell them only Three Shillings per Dozen, but the Retail Price is Four Pence apiece. I am most sincerely, my Fellow Citizens, and Brethren in a good Cause, your humble Servant

8'^ Appendix B. (N° 2.)

Fellow Citizens, London, January n, 1794.

I have just received a Letter from Citizen Margarot, at Edinburgh, with some of the Edinburgh Gazetteers, where you will see that Citizen Skirving is found guilty, and sentenced for Fourteen Years Transportation to Botany Bay. Margarot's Trial comes next; he meets it with great Firmness and Resolution. I have no Time to make my Comments on the Proceedings, but I think our Opponents are cutting their own Throats as fast as they can. — Now is the Time for us to do Something worthy of Men. The brave Defenders of Liberty South 01 the English Channel are performing Wonders, driving their Enemies before them like Chaff before the Whirlwind. Margarot tells me, that he has not Time to write to you just now, but he hopes to have Time very soon, when his Trial is over, and immured in a Prison. The London Corresponding Society is to have a General Meeting ‘and an Anniversary Dinner, on Monday the 20th Instant, at the Globe Tavern, Strand. I have sent you some of 's

and Skirving' % Indictment, with Two Copies of a Pamphlet on Brewing — he is a Member of our Society, the Author; if you approve of it you may put it in Practice, and be a great Saving to many Families, also a Diminution of the Revenue, for every one brewing their own Beer pay no Duty for it. Excuse Haste.

I still remain, &c.

(Signed) ——

Appendix B. (N# 3.)

iSpit the 10th of March 1794.

Worthy Friends, and Fellow Citizens,

Copy of a Our Stay here being longer than was at first ex-Letter from pected, I avail myself of that Delay to acknowledge to the No^0t t^le Rece*pt of Twenty Pounds from your Society, wich United which have been delivered to me by Thomas Hardy, Societies. our Secretary, to whom you had remitted them, and who has been down here purposely to see me, and make some Arrangements for the future, but whose Business has called him back to London before any Thing could be settled between us. — At first he seemed to think that the Money was meant by you to be divided among the Four who are now suffering together; but, on my acquainting him that those Gentlemen were infinitely better off than myself in that Respect, inso much that they are continually receiving private Presents, and are moreover supported by many Noblemen and rich Members of Parliament, these latter seeking only (I much fear) to make a Party Affair of it, that he gave the Money to my own Disposal. If, however, you meant otherwise, your Intention shall be complied with immediately on its being made known to me. — So much for Pecuniary Affairs. Voi. 49-

----- This Morning 10 Ships of War have kft Spithead Second ite*

for the Channel, and it is here reported that the Brest Pprt from Fleet is out: Rumour, always magnifying Things, says there are 70 Sail of French at Sea; if so, there must be recy*

(N°3.)

a Number of Transports among them, and a Descent Appendix B. may probably be the Consequence. — For Gods Sake, my 3-)

worthy Friends, do not relax in the Cause of Freedom —

Continue as you have begun — Consolidate your own Societies — Unite with others — Persevere, and make no Doubt but sooner or later your Endeavours will be crowned with Success. I have also to thank you for the affectionate Address I received from you. Be assured that my utmost Ambition will ever be to deserve your Confidence' and your Esteem. The Tide of Fortune, however strongly it may run against our Cause at present, must soon have a Turn: The Eyes of Mankind will naturally open — when their Pockets empty, and their Blood spills, they will" ask each other, for whom are we thus sacrificing ourselves, and murdering others ?

What Advantage results to us from all this Expenditure and Slaughter? And by interfering in the Government of another Country, dd we not set other Nations an Example to interfere with our own Government, and to model it as they think proper ? Should they do so,

Popery and Despotism must be our Lot — May Gracious Providence avert it; may we rather all to a Man be determined to live free or die ! In my Exile nothing would afflict me so much as to hear that my Country was enslaved, and that my Countrymen hugged their Chains. I trust however the National Spirit of Britons will prevent it. Adieu, my dear Friends; and ever remember

Your faithful M.

P. 1S'. — This Day a mock Debate concerning our Sentence is to take place in P — .

Appendix C. Appendix C.

Extracts from the Book containing the Proceedings of the Constitutional Society.

At a Meeting held at the Secretary's, Took's Court,

Chancery Lane, Friday, 23d March 1791.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Mr. Thomas Paine, for his most masterly Book, intituled " The Rights of Man," in which not only the malevolent Sophistries of hireling Scribblers are detected and exposed to merited Ridicule, but many of the most important and beneficial political Truths are stated, so irresistibly convincing as to promise the Acceleration of that not very distant Period when usurping Borough Sellers, and profligate Borough Buyers, shall be deprived of what they impudently dare to call their Property — the Choice of the Representatives of the People.

The Constitutional Society cannot help expressing their Satisfaction that so valuable a Publication has proceeded from a Member of that Society; and they sincerely hope that the People of England will give that Attention to the Subjects discussed in Mr. Paine's Treatise, which theii; manifest Importance so justly deserve.

Resolved, That the foregoing Resolutions, and all future Proceedings of this Society, be regularly transmitted by the Secretary to all our corresponding Constitutional Societies in England, Scotland, and France.

Resolved, That the above Resolutions be published in the Papers.

At a Meeting, 1st April 1791.

Resolved, That the Resolutions of this Society, recommending Paine's Book, " The Rights of Man," and published in several of the Papers, be re-published in the following; viz. General Evening, Morning Post,

World, English Chronick, Sherborne, Leeds, York,

Bristol, Nottingham, and Birmingham.

% L At

(>82

6" Junta. Jt-1794.

Second Re- At a Meeting, 22d July 1791.

port from Resolved, That the Original and Translation of an of Secrecy6 Address communicated by me Reverend Doctor Towers, — — > from the Society at Nanbe entered on the Books of Apjtendix C. this Society.

The Translation is entered.

At a. Meeting, 4th March 1792.

Read the following Letter from the Resolution Society at Norwich, to the London Society for Constitutional Information.

Into, the London Society for X^netfruttopal Infowation, Appendix C. Twelve Persons.

Norwich, 26 April 1792.

At a Reeling, 16th A^ch 1792.

The Chairman of tl^e Society ,fqr Constitutional Information, established at Manchester, having con^nu-nicated to this Society their Resolutions of Thanks to Thomas J*a\ne, for the Publication of his "Second

" P^rt of the Rights of Man; combining -.Principle " and Practice."

The Norwich Resolution Society wishes to open a Bulls Head Inn, Manchester 13 March 1792. Communication with you at this Time, when Cor- At a Meeting of the Manchester Constitutional ruption has acquired a Publicity in the Senate, which Society, held this Pay, if was unanimously reexacts from the Honour of the British Nation renewed ^olved,

Exertions for Parliamentary Reform. Without pre- That the Thanks of the Society are due to Mr. judging the probable Event of such an Application to Thomas Paine, for the Publication of his " Second the Legislature, this Society is willing to circulate the " Part of the Rights of Man; combining Principle Information, and to co-operate in the Measures that " and Practice," a Work of the highest Importance to may seem best adapted to further so desirable and so every Nation under Heaven, but particularly to tihs, important an End. The Society is willing to hope the as containing excellent and practicable Plans for an Redress of every existing Grievance at the Hands of a immediate and considerable Reduction of the Public Government resulting from an extraordinary Convo- Expenditure; for the Prevention of Wars; for the cation in 1688, of all who had, at any preceding Extension of our Manufactures and Commerce; for the Time, been elected Representatives of the People, Education of the Young; for the comfortable Support assisted by the Hereditary Counsellors of the Nation, of the Aged; for the better Maintenance of the Poor and a peculiar Deputation from the Metropolis; which of every Description; and finally, for lessening National CONSTITUTING Assembly cashiered for GREATLY, and WITHOUT DELAY, the eqor-Misconduct a King of the House of Stuart. The mo, us Load of Taxes under which this Country at pre-Opinions and Principles of this Society are best ex- sent labours.

plained by an Appeal to their literary Representatives. That this Society congratulate their Country at large To James Mackintosh, Author of Vmdicice Gallica, 01? the Influence which Mr. s Publications appear

this Society offers the Tribute of its Approbation and Gratitude, for the Knowledge, the Eloquence, and Philosophical Spirit with which he has explained, defended, and commented on the Resolution of France. It hesitates to assent to this only of his Opinions that " there are but Two Interests in Society, those of the " Rich and those of the Poor" — If so, what Chance have the latter ?

Surely the Interests of all the Industrious, from the richest Merchant to the Poorest Mechanic, are in every Community the same — to lessen the Numbers of the Unproductive, to whose Maintenance they contribute, and to do away such Institutions and Imposts as abridge the Means of Maintenance, by resisting the Demand for Labour, or by sharing its Reward: As the Means most conducive to this comprehensive End, the Norwich Resolution Society desires an equitably Representation of the People.

The Rights of Man, by Thomas Paine, and The Advice to the Privileged Orders, by Joel Barlow, have also been read with Attention, and circulated with Avidity. They point out with Clearness most of the Abuses which have accumulated under the British Government; they jttack with Energy most of the Prejudices which have tended to perpetuate them.

Internally, our Society is thus organized: — Any Person proposed and seconded by a Member, is received, on paying an Admission Fine, and obliging himself to an Annual Contribution towards the Purchase of Books for the Use of the Society, and for Circulation among the confederated Clubs. The Members assemble Twice, Monthly. A Committee of Correspondence is periodically elected by Ballot, to select Books, and to conduct the other Literary Business. A Committee of Twelve is periodically named by Acclamation, to attend severally the Meetings of the various confederated Clubs, which are invited in like Manner to depute a Member to the Monthly Meetings of this.

The Clubs are now Seven in Number, and more are expected to announce their Adherence. The Norwich Resolution Society, proposing to extend this Form of Combination, recommends for Admission

4

to have had in procuring the Repeal of some oppressive Taxes in the present Session of Parliament; and they hope that this Adoption of a small Part of Mr. Paine's Ideas mil be followed by the most strenuous Exertions to accomplish a complete Reform in the present inadequate State of the Representation of the; and

that the other great Plans of Public Benefit which Mr. Paine has so powerfully recommended will be speedily carried into Effect.

Signed ----- ---- President.

— - — Secretary.

Ordered, That the Secretary return to the Chairman of the Society at Manchester the Thanks of this Society, for his Communication; at the same Time assuring him that this Society does heartily concur in the above Resolution.

Resolved, That the above Resolutions be published in the Papers.

At a Meeting, 23d March 1792.

Resolved, That the following be published in the Morning Chronicle, World, Post, Times, Argus, English Chronicle, and General Evening.

" Society for Constitutional Information, London, " March 23d 1792. This Society having received the " following and other Communications from Sheffield;" viz.

Sheffield.

Society for Constitutional Information,

[14 March 1792.]

This Society, composed chiefly of the Manufacturers of Sheffield, began about Four Months ago, and is already increased to nearly TWO- THOUSAND MEMBERS, and is daily increasing, exclusive of the adjacent Towns and Villages, who are forming themselves into similar Societies.

Considering, as we do, that the Want of Knowledge and Information in the general Mass of the People has exposed them to numberless Impositions and Abuses, the Exertions of this Society are directed to the Acquirement of useful Knowledge, and to spread the same as far as our Endeavours and Abilities can extend.

We

Go >gte

Appwdix C.

34 Geo. III. 6°;

We declare that we have derived more trufe Knowledge from the Two Works of Mr. Thomas Paine, intituled " Eights of Man," Part the First and Second, than from any other Author or Subject. The Practice as wdU as the Principle of Government is laid down

in those Works, in a Manner so clear, and irresistibly convincing, that this Society do hereby resolve to give their Thanks to Mr. Paine for his Two said Publications, intituled " Rights of Man," Parts ist and 2d. Also,

Resolved unanimously,. That the Thanks of tins Society be given to Mr. Paine, for the affectionate Concern he has shewn in his Second Work in behalf of the Poor, the Infant, and the Aged; who, notwithstanding the Opulence which Messes other Parts of the Community, are, by the grievous Weight of Taxes, rendered the miserable Victims of Poverty and Wretchedness.

Resolved unanimously, That this Society, disdaining to be considered either of a Ministerial or Opposition Party (Names of which we are tired, having been so often deceived by both) do ardently recommend it to all their Fellow-Citizens, into whose Hands these* Resolutions may come, to confer seriously and Calmly with each other on the Subject alluded to, and to manifest to the World that the Spirit of true Liberty is a Spirit of Order; and that to obtain Justice it is consistent that we be Just ourselves.

Resolved unanimously, That these Resolutions be printed, and that a Copy thereof be transmitted to the Society for Constitutional Information in;

requesting their Approbation for Twelve of our Friends to be entered into their Society, far the Purpose of establishing a Connection and a regular Communication with that, and all other similar Societies in the Kingdom.

By Order of the Committee.

(Signed) ——

Chairman.

Ordered, That the Secretary do return the " Thanks of this Society to the Society for Constitutional Information established at Sheffield; and that " he express to them with what Friendship and Affecdon this Society embraces them as Brothers and " Fellow Labourers in the same Cause. That he do u assure them of our entire Concurrence with their " Opinion, viz. That the People of this Country are " not, as Mr. Burke terms them, Swine; but rational " Beings, better qualified to separate Truth from Error " than himself possessing more Honestyr and less " Craft.

" Resolved, That this Society will, on Friday next,

" March 31 st, ballot for the Twelve associated Members, " recommended by the Sheffield Committee, and approved at this Meeting."

(Signed) ——

Chairman.

At a Meeting, 30th March 1792.

The Twelve Gentlemen recommended by the Sheffield Society, were unanimously elected.

Read a Letter, with enclosed Resolutions, from the Secretary to the Corresponding Society, London.

" London Corresponding Society.

" Resolved, That every Individual has a Right to " share in the Government of that Society of which he " is a Member, unless incapacitated.

" Resolved, That nothing but Non-age, a Privation " of Reason, or an Offence against the general Rules of " Society can incapacitate him.

" Resolved, That it is no less the Right than the " Duty of every Citizen to keep a watcnfid Eye on Vol. 49.

fund- 683

u the Government of his Country, that* the Laws by second " being multiplied do not degenerate into Oppression; Port frorn and that those, who are intrusted with (he Government do not substitute private Interest for public — — " Advantage. Appendix

" Resolved, That the People of Great Britain are " not properly represented in Parliament.

" Resolved, That in consequence of a partial, unequal, and inadequate Representation, together with " the corrupt Method in which Representatives are " elected, oppressive Taxes, unjust Laws, Restrictions " of Liberty, and wasting of the Public Money, have " ensued.

" Resolved, That the only Remedy to those Evils is " a fair and impartial Representation of the People in " Parliament.

" Resolved, That a fair and impartial Representation " can never take place until partial Privileges are " abolished; and the strong Temptations held out to " Electors affords a presumptive Proof that the Represeqtatives of this Country seldom procure a Seat " in Parliament from the unbought Suffrages of a Free " People.

" Resolved, That this. Society do express their Abhorrence of Tumult and Violence; and that, as they " aim at Reform, not Anarchy, Reason, Firmness, and " Unanimity be the only Arms they employ, or persuade their Fellow Citizens to exert against Abuse of " Power.

Ordered, That the Secretary of this Society do " communicate the foregoing to the Societies for Constitutional Information established in London, Manchester, and Sheffield.

" By Order of the Committee.

(Signed) ——

Secretary.

" Resolved, That the Secretary of this Society do.

" express to the Corresponding Society the extreme " Satisfaction which we have received by the above " Communication; and to assure them of our Desire " to continue to correspond and co-operate with them " for the Purpose of obtaining a fair Representation of " the People in Parliament."

At a Meeting, 20th April 1792.

A Declaration from a Society in Southwark was read; and,

Resolved, That the Thanks of the Society be given to the Southwark Society, for the following Communication, and that it be published in the Papers.

At a Meeting at the Three Tuns Tavern, Southwark,

April 19th 1792.

Resolved, That we do now form ourselves into a Society for the Diffusion of Political Knowledge.

Resolved, That the Society be denominated The Friends of the People.

Resolved, That the following be the Declaration of this Society.

Extract from Declaration.-

Considering that Ignorance, Forgetfulness, or Contempt of the Rights of Men, are the sole Causes of Public Grievances, and the Corruption of Government, this Society, formed for the Purpose of investigating and asserting those Rights, and of uniting our Efforts with others of our Fellow Citizens for correcting National Abuses, and restraining unnecessary and exorbitant Taxation, do hereby declare —

1st, That the great End of Civil Society is general Happiness.

2dly, That no Form of Government is good any further than it secures that Object.

3dly, That all Civil and Political Authority is derived from the People.

4thly,

Second R eport from Committee

of Secrecy. l -

Appendix C

684

6° Junii. 1794.

4thly, That eqoal active Citizenship is the unalienable Right of all Men; Minors, Criminals, and insane Persons excepted.

5thly, That the Exercise of that Right, in appointing an adequate Representative Government, is die wisest Device of Human Policy, and the only Security of National Freedom.

Further Extract from same Paper.

We call upon our Fellow Citizens of all Descriptions to institute similar Societies for the same great;

and toe recommend a general Correspondence with each, other, and with the Society for Constitutional Information at London, as the best Means of cementing the common Union, and of directing with greater Energy our

united Efforts to the same common Objects.

By Order of the Committee.

(Signed) ——

At a Meeting, 27th April 1792.

Resolved, That every Society desiring an Union or Correspondence with this, and which doth not profess any Principles destructive to Truth or Justice, or subversive to the Liberties of our Country; but which on the contrary seeks, as we do, the Removal of Corruption from the Legislature, and Abuses from the Government, ought to be, and we hope will be, embraced with the most Brotherly Affection and Patriotic. Friendship by this Society.

Read the following Letter, addressed to the Society called the Friends of the People associated for Constitutional Reform, assembled at Free Masons Tavern.

Sir,

By the Society for Constitutional Information I am commanded to express to you the Satisfaction that its Members feel on the Institution of your Society.

That the House of Commons itself, which is the very Subject to be reformed, should have furnished a Part of this Strength, may ultimately afford important Advantages to the Public. But it must not, Sir, be disguised, that ^t first this Circumstance will necessarily be accompanied with Doubts, with Suspicions, with Apprehensions. It is not, Sir, the first Time that Numbers of that House have professed themselves Reformers: It is not the first Time that they have entered into popular Associations. But should they, on this Occasion, prove faithfully instrumental in effecting a substantial Reform in the Representation of the People, and the Duration of Parliaments, it will be the first Time that the Nation hath not found itself in an Error, when it placed Confidence in associated Members of Parliament, for the Recoveries of the Constitutional and inestimable Rights of the People. The long-lost Rights of Representation, are Rights, Sir, which in Truth are not to be recovered but by the Exertions and the Unanimity of the People themselves. Impressed with this great Truth, it has been an invariable Object of this Society " to revive in the Minds of " the Commonalty at large a Knowledge of their lost " Rights, respecting the Election and Duration of the " Representative Body" — and we doubt not that your Society will see the Wisdom of pursuing a like Course. May it taste the Delight of diffusing this Knowledge; may it reap the Honour of calling forth the Energies of the Nation!

When this Society, Sir, contemplates that Flood of Light and Truth which, under a benign Providence, is now sweeping from the Earth Despotism in all its Forms, and Infringemept of Rights in all its Degrees, to make Way for Freedom, Justice, Peace, and Human Happiness; and when it sees your Society announce itself to the World as the Friends of the People; it rests assured that this new Institution abundantly partakes of that Light, that it embraces that Truth, and it will act up to the Sacredness of that Friend-

ship which it professes, by nobly casting from it, with Appendix C. Disdain, all Aristocratip Reserves, and fairly and honestly contending for the People's Rights in their full Exteri*.

Here, Sir, be assured, lies all your Strength. You may boast of Names, of Wealth, of Talents, and even of Principles; but without the Fellowship of the People, understanding and feeling their immediate Interest in the Contest, your Association, whenever it grapples with that powerful Despotism to which it is opposed, and to which a Constitutional Cloak gives double Strength, will most assuredly crumble to Dust.

Here, Sir, it is with peculiar Satisfaction that the Society for Constitutional Information can express its Belief, that its own unequivocal " Declaration of " Rights, without which no Englishmen can be a " Free Man, nor the English Nation Free People," it owes that Confidence, on the Part of all true Friends to a substantial Reform of Parliament, which, in all Periods of the' Society's Existence it has invariably experienced.

This short Declaration, containing no more than Four distinct Propositions, satisfied the People that the Society assumed not the Office of Reformer without knowing with Precision what wanted Reform; nor the Character of Friend, without manifesting that Sincerity which gave Proof of its Attachment. It left to such Reformers as Mr. Burke to talk of the People's Liberties,

and at the same Time to deny or explain away their Rights.

This, Society, Sir, trusts that the Purity of Principle which actuated individual Members of Parliament, who joined the Associations that have been spoken of, will in no Degree be affected by the Observations that have been made upon the Insufficiency of those Associations. But, convinced that a strong Impression still remains upon die Minds of the People, that in general Persons who have been long accustomed to hold Seats in the House of Commons under the present Abuses in the Representation, and whose Connections are all Aristocratic, must be almost more than Men, at once and completely to sacrifice both Prejudice and unwarranted Power at the Altar of Freedom; — this Society, convinced, I say, Sir, of the Existence of this Impression, would not suffer its Delicacy to stand in the Way of its Duty on this important Occasion; but determined, with the Frankness belonging to sincere Affection, to warn its new Brethren against a Danger to which they might otherwise become exposed through more Inadvertency.

That the distinguished Persons who have adorned the Senate, and now adorn your Society, may be found equal to the sublime Efforts of Virtue which their Situation now demands, and may on that Account receive the Blessings of their Country and of Mankind to the latest Posterity, is the sincere, the ardent Wish of the Society for Constitutional Information! In whose.

Name I have the Honour to subscribe myself, with great Regard, &c.

Resolved, That the said Letter be signed by the Chairman of this Meeting, and sent to the said Society at their next General Meeting.

At a Meeting, 4th May 1792.

Read Letter from the Resolution Societies at Norwich, as follows:

To the London Society for Constitutional Information.

The Norwich Resolution Society wishes to open a Copy ofaUttw Communication with you at this Time when Corruption has acquired a Publicity in the Senate, which wich Resolution exacts from the Honour of the British Nation renewed ^^yVorCon-Exertions for Parliamentary Reform. Withput pre- stitutiooaiiufi* judging the probable Event of such an Application mRbon‘

to

l?9l

"'Wj,

a,r[v am

"mi

loo

even

tin lie 88 with *nd tres

iat the

re^siu

« of i be i

rneni in s] arui;

nF.tr

it

'-4

K1 t's :.'>n 'vij

‘ -tff

.;Je

- A'JO

a v,

‘i:ut W -n d t:il V: i/U-o V I

one

m

ion

il'if

rei

34* Geo. III.

6° yunii.

685

Ajpendix C. to the Legislature, this Society is willing to circulate the Information, and to co-operate in the Measures

Paris, known by the Name of Hie Second Report from Committee

Constitution at Jacobins.

that may seem best adapted to further so desirable and Read the following Address from this Society to the ^Secrecy

so important an End. It is willing to hope the Re- Society of Friends of the Constitution at , called >--- —

dress of every existing Grievance at the Hands of a The Jacobins. Appendix C.

Government resulting from an extraordinary Convocation, in 1688, of all who had at any preceding Time been elected Representatives of the People, assisted by the Hereditary Counsellors of the Nation, and a peculiar Deputation from the Metropolis, which National

CONSTITUTING Assembly cashiered for Misconduct you have honoured our worthy Countrymen Mr. Tho a King of the House of Stuart. . mas Cooper and Mr. James Watt, Members of the So-

The Opinions and Principles of this Society are ciety of Manchester, and united with our Society, has best explained by an Appeal to their Literary Repre- been communicated to us by the Correspondence of

ADDRESS,

Brothers, and Fellow Citizens of the World,

The cordial and affectionate Reception with which

sentatives. To James Mackintosh, Author of the dicue Gallica, this Society offers the Tribute of its

Approbation and Gratitude, for the Knowledge, the Eloquence, and Philosophical Spirit with which he has explained, defended, and commended the Resolution of France. It hesitates to assent to this only of his Opinions, that " there are but Two Interests in Society, " those of the Rich and those of the Poor." If so,

those Gentlemen.

In offering you our Congratulations on the glorious Resolution which your Nation has accomplished, we speak a Language which only Sincerity can dictate.

The Formality of Courts affords no Example to us. To do our Thoughts Justice, we give to the Heart the Liberty it delights in, and hail you as Brothers.

It is not among the least of the Resolutions which

what Chance have the latter ? Surely the Interests of all the Industrious, from the richest Merchant to the poorest Mechanic, are in every Community the same — Time is unfolding to an astonished World, that Two to lessen the Numbers of the Unproductive, to whose Nations, nursed by some wretched Craft in reciprocal Maintenance they contribute, and to do away such Hatred, should so suddenly break their common odious Institutions and Imposts as abridge the Means of Chain and rush into Amity.

Maintenance, by resisting the Demand for Labour, or The Principle that can produce such an Effect, is by sharing its Reward: As the Means most conducive the Offspring of no Earthly Court; and whilst it ex^ii-to this comprehensive End, the Norwich Resolution bits to us the expensive Iniquity of former Politics, it

Society desires an equitable Representation of the People.

The Rights of Man, by Thomas Paine, and The Advice to the Privileged Orders, by Joel Barlow, have also been read with Attention, and circulated with Avidity. They point out with Clearness most of the Abuses which have accumulated under the British

enables us, with bold Felicity, to say, We have done with them!

In contemplating the Political Condition of Nations, we cannot conceive a more diabolical System of Government, than that which has hitherto been generally practised over the World: To fred the Avarice and gratify the Wickedness of Ambition, the Fraternity

Government; they attack with Energy most of the Pre- of the Human Race has been destroyed as if the se

veral Nations of the Earth had been created by rival Gods. Man has not considered Man as the Work of One Creator.

The Political Institutions under which he has lived have been counter to whatever Religion he professed.

Instead of that universal Benevolence which the

judices which have tended to perpetuate them.

Internally, our Society is thus organized: — Any Person proposed and seconded by a Member, is received, on paying an Admission Fine, and obliging himself to an Annual Contribution toward the Purchase of Books for the Use of the Society, and for Circulation among the confederated Clubs. The Members assemble Twice, Monthly. A Committee of Correspondence Morality of every known Religion declares, he has been is periodically elected by Ballot, to select Books, and politically bred to consider his Species as his natural to conduct the other Literary Business. A Committee Enemy, and to describe Virtues and Vices by a Geo-of Twelve is periodically named by Acclamation to attend graphical Chart.

severally the Metings of the various confederated Clubs, The Principles we now declare are not peculiar to which are invited in like Manner to depute a Member the Society that addresses you; they are extending the m-to the Monthly Meetings of this: These Clubs are now selves, with accumulating Force, through every Part of Seven in Number; and more are expected to announce our Countty, and derive Strength from an Union of their Adherence. The Norwich Resolution Society, Causes, which no other Principles admit, proposing to extend this Form of Combination, re- The religious Friend of Man, of every Denomination, commends for Admission into the London Society for records them as his own; they animate the Lover of Constitutional Information, the following 12 Per- rational Liberty; and they cherish the Heart of the ong: Poor, now bending under an Oppression of Taxes, by

Chairman. a Prospect of Relief.

We have against us only that same Enemy which is the Enemy of Justice in all Countries — a Herd of Courtiers fattening on the Spoil of the Public.

It would have given an additional Triumph to our ----- --- — Congratulations, if the equal Rights of Man (which

— ..... are the Foundation of your Declaration of Rights)

had been recognized by the Governments around you,

..... and tranquilly established in all: But if Despotisms

— ----- --- be still reserved, to exhibit, by Conspiracy and Com-

----- ----. bination, a further Example of Infamy to future Ages,

----- ---- that Power that disposes of Events best knows the

Means of making that Example finally beneficial to his At a Meeting, 1 ith May 1792. Creatures.

Resolved, That there be a Communication from We have beheld your peaceable Principles insulted this Society with the Society of the Friends of the by despotic Ignorance: We have seen the right Hand Vo l.49- 8 M of

Norwich, April 26th, 1792.

686 6^ Jun . 1794.

Second Re- of Fellowship, which you hold out to the World, report from jected by those who riot on its Plunder: We now behold of S^rec66 y°u a Nation provoked into Defence; and we can see

>---- no Mode of Defence equal to that of establishing the

Appendix C. general Freedom of Europe.

In this best of Causes we wish you Success. Our Hearts go with you; and in saying this, we believe we utter the Voice of Millions.

Resolved, That the above Address be signed by the

Chairman, and that ----- ----- ----- ---- be requested to transmit it, with all possible Dispatch, to ——

at Paris.

Resolved, That the said Address be read a Second Time at the next Meeting, for Publication.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to meet the Committees of the London, and Westminster Societies of the Friends of the People, Tomorrow Evening, at Seven o'Clock, at the White Hart Tavern in Holborn, and be empowered to co-operate with them in the Publication of the Four Resolutions contained in the Declaration heretofore published by this Society.

At a Meeting, 18th May 1792.

The Address to the Jacobins ordered to be published.

Read the following Letter from Mr. Paine, acquainting the Society that he is proceeding to bring out a cheap Edition of the First and Second Parts of the Rights of Man.

Resolved, That this Society will contribute its utmost Aid towards supporting the Rights of the Nation.

Sir, London, May 18th, 1792.

The honourable Patronage which the Society for Constitutional Information has repeatedly given to the Works, intituled " Rights of Man," renders it incumbent on me to communicate to them whatever relates to the Progress of those Works.

A great Number of Letters, from various Parts of the Country, have come to me, expressing an earnest Desire that the First and Second Parts of " Rights of " Man" could be rendered more generally useful, by printing the nf in a cheaper Manner than they have hitherto been: As those Requests were from Persons to whom the Purchase at the present Price was inconvenient, I took the proper Means for complying with their Request

I am since informed that the Ministry intend bringing a Prosecution; and as a Nation (as well the Poor as the Rich) has a Right to know what any Works are that are made the Subject of a Prosecution, the getting out a cheap Edition is, I conceive, rendered more necessary than before, as a Means towards supporting that Right; — and I have the Pleasure of informing the Society, that I am proceeding with the Work.

I am, &c.

THOMAS PAINE.

To the Chairman of the Society for Constitutional Information.

The Society took into' Consideration the Contents of the aforesaid Letter, and came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Mr. Thomas Paine, for the Communication he has made, and for the Patriotic Disinterestedness manifested therein.

Resolved, That this Society will contribute its utmost Aid towards supporting the Rights of the Nation, and the Freedom of the Press, and him who 5

has so essentially and successfully contributed to Appendix C. both.

Resolved, That the Right of investigating Principles and Systems of Government' is One of these Rights; and that the Works of any Author, which cannot be refuted by Reason, cannot, on the Principles of good Government or of Common Sense, be made the Subject of a Prosecution.

Resolved, That the excessive Taxes which this Country pays, being now Seventeen Millions Annually, give an additional Motive for the Exercise of this Right, and render it at the same Time a more immediate Duty the Nation owes to itself, to enter upon and promote all such Investigations.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Rumour of the above-mentioned Prosecution; and to report thereon to the Society at its next Meeting.

Resolved, That a Copy of Mr. s Letter, together with these Resolutions, be transmitted to all the associated Societies in Town and Country; and that this Society do congratulate them on the firm and orderly Spirit, and tranquil Perseverance, manifested in all their Proceedings, and exhort them to a steady continuance therein.

Resolved, That 3,000 Copies of the above Letter and Resolutions be printed, for the Use of this Society.

At a Meeting, 25th May 1792.

Resolved, That 6,000 more Copies of the Bills directed at the last Meeting be printed: That 100 be sent to each of the Twelve associated Members of the Sheffield Constitutional Societies; 100 to each of the Twelve associated Members of the Norwich Constitutional Society; 200 to each of the other Societies corresponding with this Society; 200 to Derby; and 200 to the Society at Belpar.

Read a Paper called a Proclamation, dated the 21st Instant, for suppressing Seditious Publications.

The Society came to several Resolutions on this Proclamation; the last of which is,

That the monstrous Enormity and Grievance of the present National Debt;

The grievous Oppression of Seventeen Millions Annually of Taxes;

The scandalous Duration of Parliaments for Seven Years;

Private Proprietors of Boroughs, falsely pretending to be, and really acting as, Representatives of the People;

Judges claiming in all Cases, and under all Circumstances, the Determination of the Criminality or Innocence of any Act, exclusively of the Jury; expensive Armaments, and menacing Proclamations and Encampments in Time of a profound Peace:

These Things we cannot believe either wise or wholesome; and we declare it to be a fatal Omission, at the Time of the Resolution, that these Things were not sufficiently guarded against; and we feel it our-Duty, to the utmost of our Power to obtain a full and fair Representation of the People, which We hold to be the only effectual Security for their Rights, Liberties, and Property, and to be the only Measure that can produce " that due Submission to the Laws, and that " just Confidence in the Integrity and Wisdom of Parliament," which are declared in the said Paper, called a Proclamation, to be " the chief Causes (under " Providence) of the Wealth, the Happiness, and the " Prosperity of the Kingdom."

Read a Communication from the London Corresponding Society, as follows: (

Sir,

By Direction of the Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, I have the . Honour of enclosing

to

Appendix C.

34 Geo. III.

.6° Junii.

687

to you a Copy of their Address and Regulations, which gular and to discourage and repress, to the Seoond Re-

I request you will communicate to the Constitutional utmost of their Power, all Proceedings tending to pro- port from

duce Riots and Tumults. ^Secrec*

Our Ends being thus uncontrovertibly the same, and 0 — thereby enjoying the Royal Sanction, we imagine that Appendix C. in exercising our Right of Meeting, when and where we please, of canvassing such Subjects as we think proper, of instructing our Fellow Citizens, and of uniting our Endeavours to obtain a perfect Representation in Parliament, we are taking the truest Method of securing to ourselves and our Posterity all the Blessings of Liberty and Peace.

Yielding to the Society for Constitutional Information, both in Priority of Institution, and in Greatness of Abilities, we yet put in our Claim for Equality of Zeal towards the Public Good, and firm Determination to obtain it.

We are, &c.

----- ----- --- Chairman.

Secretary.

Society.

I am truly, Sir,

Your most obedient and Bell, Exeter Street, very humble Servant,

May 24th 1792. ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -Secretary.

To the Chairman of the Constitutional Society.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be returned to the London Corresponding Society, for the Communication which it has made to this Society; and that the further Consideration of the said Copa-munication be postponed to the next Meeting of this Society.

At a Meeting, 1st June 1792.

The Secretary reported that he had sent 1,200 of the printed Bills ordered at the last Meeting, to the Sheffield Constitutional Society; — 1,200 to the Norwich Constitutional Society; — to the Southwark Constitutional Society 200; — to the London Corresponding Society 200; — to a Person to be forwarded to Derby Ordered, That the said Letter be published in such 200; — to the Constitutional Whigs 200; — to the So- Newspapers as will receive the Advertisements of this

To the Chairman of the Society for Constitutional Information.

ciety at Belpar 200.

Resolved, That the Secretary do send to Birmingham 600; — to the Society at Aldgate 200; — to Manchester 1,200; — to Liverpool 200; — to Cambridge 500; — and 400 to [a Person] to be distributed among the Societies in the Neighbourhood of Glasgow.

Read a Letter from the Corresponding Society as follows:

Sir,

31st May 1792

Society.

Resolved, That an open Committee do take into Consideration Paine's Letter, and have Power to transmit Copies to the different Corresponding Societies.

6,000 Copies of the Resolutions relative to the Proclamation to be printed, and sent to the different Corresponding Societies.

At a Meeting, 15th June 1792.

Read Letter from the London Corresponding Society, stating, that they had opened a Subscription for the

The London Corresponding Society return Thanks to Defence of Mr. Paine, and that they wished Six of the Society for Constitutional Information for the Communication of Mr. Thomas Paine's Letter to them, and of their Resolutions subsequent thereto.

It gives us infinite Satisfaction to think that Mankind will soon reap the Advantage of Mr. Paine's

their Members might be associated with this Society.

Ordered, That the Secretary be desired to inform the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, that this Society received their Proposal with Pleasure;

Labours, in a new and cheaper Edition of the Rights and are willing to admit such Six of the Members whom

of Man. they shall nominate to be associated Members of this

We are, however, no Ways surprized at the Report Society, of a Prosecution being commenced against his Works, Resolved, That a Subscription be opened in this for, by the Doctrine substituted for Law in England, Society, for the Benefit of Mr. Thomas Paine, Author

that Truth constitutes the Libel, the very many of the Rights of Man.

Ordered, That the Letter of the London Corresponding Society, and the Two last Resolutions, be published in the Newspapers.

Resolved, That 12,000 Copies of Mr. Paine's Letter to Mr. Secretary Dundas, be printed by this Society, for the Purpose of being transmitted to our Correspondents throughout Great Britain and that a Committee be appointed to direct the same.

Truths in both Volumes of the Rights of Man, render them completely Libellous, and force Administration, perhaps against their Inclination, to submit them to the impartial Investigation of competent

Judges.

His Majesty's Proclamation next engages our Notice; — after reading it with great Attention, we discard an Idea thrown out by some, that it had been drawn up and sent forth at this Juncture with a View of raising unfavourable Prejudices in the Minds of the -People against Mr. Paine, or his Works, now under a Prosecution; inasmuch as such an Attempt, if it could be proved, would not only bear Malice on the Face of it, but would likewise be a most daring Violation of the Lawrs.

We are more willing to discover therein His Ma

At a Meeting, 22d June 1792.

A Member reported mat an Information was filed against Mr. Paine, for his Publication of The Rights of Man.

Ordered, That the Subscription entered into for the Benefit of Mr. Thomas Paine, be entered in a separate Part of the Book, and kept open for the Members of

? r u aio uiviu rr iuiuk vvr uiowtv* wivioui xxio xtxu- . , 4

jesty's great Goodness of Heart and paternal Care, tftls Society.

anticipating our warmest Wishes, giving the greatest At a Meeting, 29th June 1792.

Encouragement to our different Societies, and holding The Committee report a Plan of Distribution of the forth the same strong Desire with us of abiding by the 12,000 Copies of Mr. Paine's Letter to Mr. Dundas Constitutions its purejmd uncorrupt State, of securing which is adopted.

the Public Peace and Prosperity, of preserving to ALL, the full Enjoyment of their Rights and Liberties, both Religious and Civil; and seeming in Fact to encourage them under the most serious Consideration of their own Welfare and that of their Posterity, to join us, and unite their Endeavours with ours guarding against all Attempts, aiming at the Subversion of wholesome and re-Vo 1. 49.

At a Meeting, 6th July 1792.

Read Letter from the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society.

Sir,

In the Name of the London Corresponding Society, I have to return Thanks to the Society for Constitutional

SeeMd Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Si ----- - '

Appendix C.

688

6" yunii.

A. 1794.

tional Information for their Present of soo Copies of their Resolutions respecting the King's Proclamation, as also for the 200 Copies of Mr. s Letter, See. — Likewise Mr. Paine's Letter to Mr. Secretary Dundas; — by Care in the Distribution of them, those 600 Papers shall be seen by as many thousand Persons.

We find ourselves highly favoured by your Readiness to admit Six of our Members among you; I am directed to forward to you the following Six Names as the Persons chosen by our Society for that honourable Purpose; our Sense of the Favour so conferred will be best expressed by their close Attendance at your Instructive Meetings, and constant Endeavours to forward the so beneficial and so much wanted Reform of Parliamentary Representation.

I am, Sir,

with great Respect,

July 6, 1792. Your very humble Servant,

----- ----- -- Secretary.

A Deputation from the Friends of the People in Southwark, on the Subject of the Dinner of 14th July, attended.

On a Motion to dine with them, the Previous Question put, and carried.

At a Meeting, 5th October 1792. Appendix C.

Resolved, That the Letter from the Corresponding Society entered on the Minutes of the last Meeting, together with the Resolution of the Society thereon, be published in the Newspapers.

Read a Letter from the Constitutional Whigs independent, and Friends of the People, accompanied with Fifiy Copies of a Letter transmitted to them from the Friends of Freedom at Cherbourg.

Ordered, That the Secretary return the Thanks of this Society to the Constitutional Whigs, for their Communication.

At a Meeting, 12th October 1792.

Read Mr. Barlow's Letter to the National Convention of France, on the Defects of the Constitution of 1791, and the Extent of the Amendments which ought to be applied.

Resolved, That ----- ----- - be requested to draw up

an Answer to the Letter of Mr. Barlow, read at the last Meeting, expressing how much Pride this Society feel at having elected him an Honorary Member.

Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to transmit a Copy of the Argus of Tomorrow to each of the Members of this Society.

At a Meeting, 13th July 1792.

The Six Gentlemen recommended by the London Corresponding Society, unanimously elected.

The Society to dine at the Shakespeare the 14th of July.

At a Meeting, 28th September 1792.

Read a Letter from the London Corresponding Society, to the Secretary.

Sir,

The London Corresponding Society having taken the Resolution of transmitting to the French National Convention an Address (signed by all the Members, or by the different Delegates, each stating for how many Members he signs) to assure that suffering Nation that we sympathize with them in their Misfortunes — that we view their Exertions with Admiration — that we wish to give them all such Countenance and Support as Individuals unsupported and oppressed themselves can afford — and that should those in Power here dare (in Violation of the Nation's pledged Faith of Neutrality, and in Opposition to the well-known Sentiments of the People at large) to join the German Band of Despots united against Liberty, we disclaim all Concurrence therein, and will, to a Man, exert every justifiable Means for counteracting their Machinations against the Freedom and the Happiness of Mankind.

I am ordered by the Committee to acquaint the Society for Constitutional Information therewith, in order to be favoured with their Opinion thereon, and in Hopes that if they approve the Idea, and recommend its Adoption to the different Societies, the Publication of such a respectable Number of real Names will greatly check the hostile Measures which might otherwise be put in execution.

I am, with great Respect,

Dear Sir,

Your very humble Servant,

----- ----- ----- -Secretary.

London, 21st Sept. 1792.

Resolved, That the Secretary express the Thanks of this Society to the London Corresponding Society, for their Communication; and acquaint them that this Society do very highly approve of their Intention.

Resolved, That the said Letter be read at the next Meeting, for the Purpose of considering of publishing the same.

Read a Letter from the London Corresponding Society, with an inclosed Address to the National Convention of France.

Sir,

Your Favour of the 3d Instant, informing us that our Proposal for addressing the French National Convention had met with the Approbation of the Society for Constitutional Information; we have enclosed you a Copy of the Address we have drawn up and mean to send, the Society at large having approved of it.

Not in the least presuming to propose it for the Adoption of your Society, ourselves will joyfully throw it aside, and as readily subscribe to any Production of yours better calculated to answer the Purpose, and less unworthy being presented to so august an Assembly.

Should no other be produced, we imagine this plain but honest Address will be adopted by some other Societies, in Concurrence with our own, and, respecting the Manner of signing, of conveying and of presenting it, your better experienced Advice will greatly oblige^ Gentlemen,

Your very humble Servant, for the Committee of the London Corresponding Society,

MAURICE MARGAROT, Chairman.

— ----- --- Sec.

Thursday 11 Oct. 1792.

Frenchmen,

While Foreign Robbers are ratjpging your Territories under the specious Pretext of Justice, Cruelty and Desolation leading on their Van, Perfidy with Treachery bringing up their Rear, yet Mercy and Friendship impudently held forth to the World as the sole Motives of their Incursions, the oppressed Part of Mankind, forgetting for a while their own Sufferings, fed only for yours, and with an anxious Eye watch the Event, servently supplicating the Almighty Ruler of the Universe to be favourable to your Cause, so intimately blended with their own. Frowned upon by an oppressive System of Controul, whose gradual but continued Encroachments have deprived this Nation of nearly all its boasted Liberty, and brought us almost to that abject State of Slavery from which you have so emerged. Five thousand British Citizens, indignant, manfully step forth to rescue their Country from the Opprobrium brought upon it by the supine Conduct of those in Power; they conceive it to be the Duty

of

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii.

689

Appendix C. of Britons to countenance and assist, to the utmost of their Power, the Champions of Human Happiness, and to swear to a Nation proceeding on the Plan you have adopted, an inviolable Friendship; — sacred from this Day be that Friendship between us, and may Vengeance to the uttermost overtake the Man who, hereafter, shall attempt to cause a Rupture.

Though we appear so few at present, be assured, Frenchmen, that our Number increases Daily. It is true, that the stern uplifted Arm of Authority at present keeps back the Timid; that busily circulated Impostures Hourly mislead the Credulous; and that Court Intimacy with avowed French Traitors has some Effect on the Unwary and on the Ambitious; but with Certainty we can inform you, Friends and Freemen, that Information makes a rapid Progress among us; Curiosity has taken Possession of the Public Mind; the conjoint Reign of Ignorance and Despotism passes away; Men now ask each other what is Freedom, what are our Rights ? Frenchmen, you are already free, and Britons are preparing to become so. Casting far from us the Criminal Prejudices artfully inculcated by evil-minded Men ^nd wily Courtiers, we, instead of natural Enemies, at length discover in Frenchmen our Fellow Citizens of the World, and our Brethren by the same Heavenly Father, who created us for the Purpose of loving and mutually assisting each other, but not to hate, and to be ever ready to cut each others Throats at the Command of Weak and ambitious Kings and corrupt Ministers: — Seeking our real Enemies, we find them in our Bosoms, we feel ourselves inwardly torn by, and ever the Victims of a restless and all-consuming Aristocracy, hitherto the Bane of every Nation under the Sun. Wisely have you acted in expelling it from France.

Warm as our Wishes are for your Success, eager as we are to behold Freedom triumphant, and Man every where restored to the Enjoyment of his just Rights, a Sense of our Duty as orderly Citizens forbids our flying in Arms to your Assistance; our Government has pledged the National Faith to remain neutral — in a Struggle of Liberty against Despotism Britons remain neutral! O Shame ! But wre have entrusted our King with discretionary Powers, we therefore must obey — our Hands are bound, but out Hearts are free, and they are with you.

Let German Despots act as they please, we shall rejoice at their Fall, compassionating how'ever their enslaved Subjects. We hope this tyranny of their Masters will prove the Means of re-instating, in the full Enjoyment of their Rights and Liberties, Millions of our Fellow Creatures.

With Unconcern, therefore, we view the Elector of Hanover join his Troops to Traitors and Robbers — but the King of Great Britain will do well to remember that this Country is not Hanover — should he forget this Distinction, we will not.

While you enjoy the envied Glory of being the unaided Defenders of Freedom, we fondly anticipate in Idea, the numerous Blessings Mankind will enjoy. If you succeed, as we ardently wish, the Triple Alliance (not of Crowns, but) of the People of America, France, and Britain, will give Freedom to Europe, and Peace to the whole World. Dear Friends, you combat for the Advantage of the Human Race — 'How well purchased will be, though at the Expence of much Blood, the glorious unprecedented Privilege of saying Mankind is free — Tyrants and Tyranny are no more — Peace reigns on the Earth, and this is the Work of Frenchmen.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to the London Corresponding Society for the above Address, transmitted by them; and that the Secretary acquaint them this Society do highly approve of the Spirit of the same.

Vol. 49.

At a Meeting 19th October 1792, an Answer to Joel

Barlow, prepared by ----- ----- - was produced, read,

approved, and, with his Letter, ordered to be published.

A Committee appointed to confer with the Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, on an Address to the National Convention of France.

At a Meeting 26th October 1792, the Secretary read the Report of the Committee appointed at the last Meeting.

Resolved, 1st, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Purpose of the Address drawn up by the London Corresponding Society will be much better answered by separate Addresses from the different Societies, than by one joint Address.

2d, That the Committee, for that Reason, do not recommend a Concurrence with the London Corresponding Society, in the Presentation of a joint Address.

3d, That the Committee, warmly approving the Principles and Spirit of the Address from the London Corresponding Society, recommend the Society to follow so laudable an Example.

4th, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Thanks of the Society are due to the Gentlemen Delegates from the London Corresponding Society for their punctual Attendance, and for the able and candid Manner in which they assisted in discussing the Subject of the Conference.

Read a Letter, with its Enclosure, from the Editor of The Patriot, at Sheffield.

The Letter itself complains of the Constitutional Society for not answering a former Letter, and encloses a Letter from the Editor to a Society at Stockport, which Society the Writer recommends to the Attention and Protection of the Constitutional Society. — The following are Extracts from the Inclosure.

It only remains then for us, seeing the great and innumerable Difficulties we have to encounter, to cast about for the most likely and proper Means and Weapons by which to defend ourselves, and to forward and support such Measures as it may be necessary to pursue; and on this Head, my good Sir, permit me to impress it on the Minds of your Society, that Reason, imperial Reason, must ever be our Generalissimo or Commander in Chief; when I say this, I beg leave to add, that Art must be Second in Command. By the Word " Art," I do not mean low Craft or Cunning, but that Mode of Application of our Reason and Arguments on different Men and on different Occasions, which only a considerable Degree of Study, and practical Knowledge also of Men and Manners, can ever furnish us with, so as to make us Proficients.

Allow me then to observe to you, Sir, that I perfectly coincide with you in Opinion with regard to the different Societies appointing Delegates to go into the different Villages and Country Places for the Purpose of informing their Minds, and rousing them from the Lethargy in which they seem plunged — I have already communicated the same Idea to the London Constitutional and Corresponding Societies, and to those of Norwich and Manchester, and I hope it will soon be universally adopted by every one. But the grand Object to be attended to on this Head is the Choice of Men to be appointed; a Neglect of this Kind had like to have haa very aukward Consequences in this Neighbourhood, and if not immediately checked would have injured the Cause of Freedom very greatly; infinite Care and Circumspection will therefore be necessary on this Head.

As I am on the Subject, permit me to suggest to those Members of your Society who may undertake this arduous but honourable and praise-worthy Task, that they cannot be too cautious in their Mode of

8 N Proceeding

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix C.

690 6" Junii. A. 1794.

Second Re- Proceeding — The Minds of Men, for the wisest and port from best Purposes, are formed by the Great Creator as various

of°S iecv aQd unlike each other as their Faces, and their Passions

' ----- v — ' reign over each with the same uncertain and variegated

Appendix C. Sway; and in the same Manner that Sir

pole (One of the Elders and Fathers of Corruption) very justly observed that every Man has his Price in the Way of being bought, so we may fairly apply the same Maxim to Mankind in general in the Article of Persuasion, and the dexterous Method of bringing them from wrong Opinions they may have formed, or Prejudices they may have imbibed, by an attentive Observation of their intellectual Faculties, and that leading Passion of the Soul which governs the main Spring of their most material Actions.

For Example, the Generality of Farmers in this County and Lancashire are as ignorant as the Brutes they ride to Market, and so absorbed in the sordid Idea of getting, that provided they can keep up the Prices of Grain, Cattle, &c. so as to answer their Landlords, and pay their Taxes, however enormous, they are too sluggish and indolent to think about Reforms, or any Thing of the Kind; yet there is One String about their Hearts, which, being skilfully touched, will make them dance to any Tune, and move to any Measure. This is the Subject of Tythes; and why does it touch them ? why, Sir, because it is within the Scope of their limited Capacity — ignorant as they are in other Matters, they see and pungently feel the Weight of this baneful and unjust Devourer of all their Improvements in Agriculture and Husbandry; and, I believe, did every Tax operate in the same visible Degree which this Imposition does, I fear there would be an End to the Idea of Taxation being submitted to at all. Indeed, as Taxes are laid on at present by those who do not represent us, the Taxation is neither more nor less than Robbery, a Submission to it. Slavery.

But to return to my Subject: In the same Manner that a Farmer may be roused by the Mention of Tythes, the Shoemakers may by the excessive Dearness of Leather, the Inn-keeper by the numerous and unnecessary Standing Army, and ALL by a temperate and dispassionate Relation of the immense Number of Sinecure Places and useless Offices, in which the corrupt and prostitute Favourites, Agents, and Dependants of the Rich and Great riot in the Spoils and Plunder WTested from the Sweat of the Brow, and continual Labour of Body, of the Husbandman, the Mechanic, the Labourer, and the Artificer. It is by no Means a difficult Matter to raise general Indignation at the Idea of so small a comparative Number of useless, idle, and profligate sucking and squandering away the Honey produced by such immense Numbers of hard toiling and industrious Bees. If you (for I am certain you will be One of the most active of these Delegates) meet with Men who have violent Prejudices in Favour of any Abuse or Party, never attack those Prejudices directly, for that would only enflame and confirm them the more; pass them over for the present, and engage their Attention towards something else, in which they will listen with a less Degree of Apprehension of being attacked in a favourite Point; once gain their good Opinion, and open their Eyes to one Evil, they will be more ready to hear you on others, till at last the favoured Object by which their Eyes were jaundiced will appear in its true Colours, and fall before your Ar-, guments like all the rest.

There is one Thing above all others which requires to be particularly attended to, and that is, to endeavour to undeceive the Mass of People with Reaped to those Falsehoods which have been industriously propagated by the Enemies to a Reform, in order to blind, delude, and terrify all Ranks of People who are any way independent, or possessed of Property. One of these Falsehoods is, " that the Advocates of

7

" Reform wish to introduce a levelling Scheme, or Appendix c. " an equal Partition of Property." This alarms the Farmers, and indeed all Classes of Men, who by their Industry, or other adventitious Circumstances, are possessed of the Goods of this World. So many vile ministerial Prints as have propagated this Doctrine, aided and assisted by the private Representations, or rather Misrepresentations, of the Clergy, and other Tools of Government, and of privileged Orders, have had a very wonderfiil and baneful Effect on the Multitude, and have stamped a Dread of Reform on the Minds of many that I know, whose Situations in Life would induce one reasonably to suppose it impossible so completely to impose upon them; however, it always has been the Case, that Falsehoods boldly uttered may prevail for a Time, but must be overwhelmed in the End by the bright and sacred Energies of Truth.

To explain this Matter, and many others, properly, will require great Coolness, Moderation and Patience. I have found the following Method answer best: " Do you know , such a Gentleman ?" naming some one of lafge Property and good Character in the Neighbourhood, who is known to be a Friend to a Reform. " Yes." — " Well, and do you " suppose that he would promote a Scheme that " would occasion and oblige him to part with that " Property he possesses, in order for it to be divided " amongst Strangers whom he never saw or heard " of?" " No." — " Why then should you suffer yourself to be imposed on by such an idle Tale, fabricated and circulated for the Purpose of raising a " Dread in you against those more enlightened of " your Fellow Citizens who wish for a Reform, as " you would did you see its Necessity; a Dread which " may cause you to shut your Eyes upon Oppressive Excise and Game Laws, exorbitant Tythes,

" an unnecessary Standing Army, kept on Foot at the " Expence of Two Millions and an Half, for the " Purposes of Influence and Corruption; a Pension " List, which is a disgrace to the Government, and a " Stigma and Reproach on the Spirit and Prudence " of the Nation; Sinecure Places, for the mere possessing of which Hundreds of Individuals receive " Thousands a Year each for doing nothing at all,

" either for the Public Service or their own; in short,

<{ such an enormous Accumulation of Taxes, and so " prodigal an Expenditure of their Produce, as no " Nation on the Earth ever heard of or submitted to " before. To make you shut your Eyes, and continue blind to these Enormities, those idle and " futile Tales are villainously dispersed abroad; but " believe them not, consult your own Reason, and " it will shew you, that there is a palpable Lie on " the Face of every One of them?" Then explain the Nature, Aim, and End of your Society, invite them to attend it, and to judge for themselves. If they do so, they will soon aid and assist you, by adopting similar Ones in their several Neighbourhoods, till in Time they will overspread the whole Surface of this Seagirt Isle.

At present, Sir, I will not trouble you further on the Subject, which I now quit to return to the Conduct and Regulation of your own Society, and all others which may arise hereafter; and as to them,

I think the Innkeepers in Stockport, Manchester, &c. have given you a Hint and Lesson for which you ought to esteem yourselves for ever obliged to them.

I own their Insolence and Audacity in proceeding as they have done is beyond Example, but only deserving of Contempt — as such, leave them to themselves. Public Houses were never worthy of receiving such Guests, whose sacred and important Duty require and demand to be performed in Mansions more dignified and respectable. Y our Meetings should be at the Houses of one another, in honourable

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii. 1

Appendix C.. able Rotation; and, to prevent Inconvenience from too great a Number, not more than Ten or Twelve at the most should compose a Primary or District Meeting. More Members may be admitted in each District, till they reach Twenty or Twenty-four, according to the Number fixed on- — but then immediately should divide into Two District Meetings — The several Districts should send each one Member, by Election to a Meeting of Delegates, and this Meeting of Delegates should elect out of their own Body a certain Number, which is to compose a Select Committee. This Select Committee to manage the Correspondence, and every other important concern, for the Whole of the Districts in any Town or Parish, subject always to the Revision and Approbation of the Districts. The Delegates and Select Committee to be chosen only for a limited Time; before the Expiration of which others to be elected as before from the Districts, to supply their Places, by which Rotations every Member would in Time become qualified to be a Delegate and a Select Committee Man, though he might not be so on his first Entrance as a District Member. These are only Hints, on which you may improve or enlarge as much as you please.

Ordered, That the said Letter be taken into Consideration the First Business at the next Meeting.

Resolved, That at the next Meeting of this Society they do consider of an Answer to the Corresponding Society, on the Subject of their Letter, accompanying their Address to the National Convention.

Resolved, That at the said Meeting the Society do attend to the Example of the London Corresponding Society, and consider of an Address to the National Convention of France.

At a Meeting, 9U1 November 1792.

The Committee appointed at. the last Meeting to prepare an Address from this Society to the National Convention of France made their Report, and produced the following Address; which was read and approved.

The Society for Constitutional Information in

London to the National Convention in

France.

Servants of a Sovereign People, and Benefactors of Mankind.

We rejoice that your Resolution has arrived at that Point of Perfection which will permit us to address you by this Title; it is the only one that can accord with the Character of true Legislators. Every successive Epoch in your Affairs has added something to the Triumphs of Liberty; and the glorious Victory of the 10th of August has finally prepared the Way for a Constitution, which we trust you will establish on the Basis of Reason and Nature.

Considering the Mass of Delusion accumulated on Mankind to obscure their Understandings, you cannot be astonished at the Opposition you have met both from Tyrants and from Slaves. The Instrument used against you by each of these Classes is the same for in the Genealogy of Human Miseries Ignorance is at once the Parent of Oppression and the Child of Submission.

The Events of every Day are proving that your Cause is cherished by the People in all your Continental Vicinity; that a Majority of each of those Nations are your real Friends, whose Governments have tutored them into apparent Foes, and that they only wait to be delivered by your Arms from the dreaded Necessity of of fighting against them.

The Condition of Englishmen is less to be deplored — here the Hand of Oppression has not yet ventured completely to ravish the Pen from us, nor openly to point the Sword at you. From bosoms burning Vol. 49.

with Ardor in your Cause we tender you our warmest Second Re-Wishes for the full Extent of its Progress and Sue- P?rt from cess. It is indeed a sacred Cause; we cherish it as of°Secrecy.

the Pledge of your Happiness, our natural and nearest ----- d

Friends, and we rely upon it as the Bond of paternal Appendlx Union to the Human Race, in which Union our own Nation will surely be one of the first to concur.

Our Government has still the Power, and perhaps the Inclination, to employ Hirelings to contradict us; but it is our real Opinion that we now speak the Sentiments of a great Majority of the English Nation.

The People here are wearied with Imposture, and worn out with War. They have learned to reflect, that both the One and the other are the Offspring of unnatural Combinations in Society, as relative to Systems of Government, not the Result of the natural Temper of Nations as relative to each other's Position.

Go on, Legislators, in the Work of Human Happiness. The Benefits will in Part be ours, but the Glory shall be all your own — it is the Reward of your. Perseverance; it is the Prize of Virtue. The Sparks of Liberty preserved in England for Ages, like the Coruscations of the Northern Aurora, served but to shew the Darkness visible in the rest of Europe. The Lustre of the American Republic, like an effulgent Morning, arose with encreasing Vigour, but still too distant to enlighten our Hemisphere, till the Splendor of the French Resolution burst forth upon the Nations in the full Fervour of a Meridian Sun, and displayed in the Midst of the European World the practical Result of Principles, which Philosophy had sought in the Shade of Speculation, and which Experience must every where confirm. It dispels the Clouds of Prejudice from all People, reveals the Secrets of all Despotism, and creates a new Character in Man.

In this Career of Improvement your Example will be soon followed; for Nations, rising from their Lethargy, will re-claim the Rights of Man with a Voice which Man cannot resist.

Signed, by Order of the Society.

----- --Chairman.

----- -- Secretary.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to the Committee who prepared the above Address.

Resolved, That Mr. Barlow and Mr. Frost be deputed by this Society to present the Address of this Society at the Bar of the National Convention of France.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Mr. Barlow and Mr. Frost, for accepting the above Deputation.

At a Meeting, 30th November 1792.

Read a Letter from Mr. of Leicester.

Ordered, That the Secretary do write to Mr.

and acquaint him, that if he will transmit to him the Declaration proposedto be drawn up by the Leicester Society, the Secretary will lay the same before a Committee of this Society, who will revise the the same.

Ordered, That the Declaration which shall be sent from the Leicester Society be referred to the Committee of Correspondence.

At a Meeting, 14th December 1792.

Read a printed Address from Manchester.

Resolved, That the said Address be approved for publishing in the Newspapers.

A Motion was made and seconded, That the 20th Law of this Society be suspended on this Occasion; which Motion was carried in the Affirmative.

Resolved,

A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy. vf. - — Appendix C.

692

6° yunil.

Resolved, That the said Address be printed in the Newspapers.

Resolved, That One hundred thousand Copies of the same be printed by this Society, and distributed to their Correspondents in Great Britain and Ireland.

The following Resolutions were proposed by a Mem-' ber of the Society:

Resolved, ist That the Object of this Society, from its first Institution to the present Moment of Alarm, has uniformly been to promote the Welfare of the People by all Constitutional Means, and to expose in their true Light, the Abuses which have imperceptibly crept in, ana at last grown to such an Height as to raise the most serious Apprehensions in every true Friend of the Constitution.

Resolved, 2d. That this Society disclaims the Idea of wishing to effect a Change in the present System of Things by Violence and Public Commotion; but that it trusts to the good Sense of the People, when they shall be fully enlightened on the Subject, to procure, without disturbing the Public Tranquillity, an effectual and permanent Reform.

Resolved, 3d. That the Intentions of this and of similar Societies have of late been grossly calumniated, by those who are interested to perpetuate Abuses, and their Agents, who have been industrious to represent the Members of such Societies as Men of dangerous Principles, wishing to destroy all social Order, disturb the State of Property, and introduce Anarchy and Confusion instead of regular Government.

Resolved, 4th, That in order to counteract the Operation of such gross Aspersions, and to prevent them from checking the Progress of liberal Enquiry, it is, at this Time, peculiarly expedient that this and similar Societies should publicly assert the Rectitude of their Principles.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be adopted, in order for printing in the Newspapers.

Read a Letter from the Society of Friends of Liberty and Equality, sitting at Laon, Capital of the Department De L'Aisne, to the Patriotic Society of London, named the Society for Constitutional Information.

Resolved, That the said Letter be referred to the Committee of Correspondence.

At a Meeting, 21st December 1792.

The Secretary reported that he had offered the Address which was sent to the last Meeting from Manchester, and ordered to be published, to the Offices of the Morning Chronicle and Morning Post, and that they had refused to print them; that the Morning Post had. given a written Answer to his Application, which being read;

Ordered, That the same be entered in the Books of this Society.

" This excellent Paper, drawn by a masterly Hand, " we wish to see in the Possession of every Englishmen; but after the Verdict against Mr. Paine, " which was not warranted by the Law or Constitution, the Proprietors of Newspapers tremble at " inserting any Thing except fulsome Panegyrics, on a " depraved Legislature and hungry Court Minions — " the vile Associations have worked the Public " Mind into such a Fervour, that a Jury would, by " the Intimation of a Judge, find any Thing a Libel " — we therefore can only express our Sorrow that " Self-preservation will not permit us to make the " Morning Post the Vessele to convey this Paper to " the Public."

Read a Letter from the Society of the Friends to Appendi* C. Liberty and Equality, at Macon, in the Department of Same arid Loire.

Ordered, That the Same be entered on the Minutes of the Society.

[A Blank is left in the Book where it should be entered.}

Resolved, That ——

Read a Letter from Mr.

----- of Manchester.

Resolved, that the Address from Manchester, together with the Resolution, be published in Newspapers in Scotland.

— ----- be a Committee for Foreign Correspon-

dence.

Resolved, That the Letter from the said Society be referred to the Committee for Foreign Correspondence.

Ordered, That the Proceedings of the Committee for Foreign Correspondence be entered in a separate Book.

At a Meeting, 18th January 1793.

Resolved, That Citizen St. Andre, a Member of the National Convention of France, being considered by us as one of the most judicious and enlightened Friends of Human Liberty, be admitted an Associated Honorary Member of this Society.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be published in the Newspapers.

At a Meeting, 25th January 1793.

Resolved, That Citizen Barrire, a Member of the National Convention of France, being considered by us as one of the most judicious and enlightened Friends of Human Liberty, be admitted an Associated Honorary Member of this Society.

Resolved, That Citizen Roland, being also considered by us as one of the most judicious and enlightened Friends of Human Liberty, be admitted an Associated Honorary Member of this Society.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be published in the Newspapers.

Resolved, That it appears to this Society, from the best Information we can obtain, that the People of Great Britain, are, at this present Time, utterly averse to a War with France, and consider such an Event a Calamity of the Human Race, however it may gratify a Confederacy of Foreign Kings.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be published in the Newspapers.

At a Meeting, 1st February 1793.

Read a circular Letter from the Sheffield Society for Constitutional Information.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to re* port an Answer.

Resolved, That the Speeches of Citizen St. Andri and Citizen Barrtre (Associated Honorary Members of this Society) as given in the Gazette Nationale ou Moniteur Universelle of Paris, on the 4th, 6th, and 7th of January 1793, be inserted in the Books of this Society.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be published in the Newspapers.

At a Meeting, 15th February 1793.

Read a Letter from the Society for Constitutional Information at Birmingham, of which the following is. an Extract:

Our Society requests the Favour of your admitting the following Twelve Persons, whose Names are subscribed, to be enrolled Members of your Society, for the Purpose of corresponding with yours and every other similar Institution in the Nation, for the better regulating our Measures, and receiving Instruction.

Wishing you all the Success your laudable Undertaking deserves, we are, with Sincerity,

Your Fellow Citizens ana Friends.

Resolved,

34 Geo. III.

6° yunii.

69 3

Resolved, That the Twelve Members of the Birmingham Society for Constitutional Information, recommended in the said Letter, be admitted associated Members of this Society.

Resolved, That the said Letter, and the Election of the said Twelve Members, be published in the News*, papers (exclusive of their Names.)

At a Meeting, 15th March 1793.

Read a Letter from the Constitutional Society at Sheffield, inclosing the Resolutions of the 13th of February last.

Resolved, That the Secretary be instructed to re- Read a from Mr. Hamilton Rowan ,0 So turn the Thanks of this Society to the Society for cretary of this Snri^tv Constitutional Information at Sheffield, for their Com-

full and adequate Representation of the People in Second Re* Parliament.4 P ES*

At a Meeting, 12th April 1793. of Secrecy.

Read an Answer directed to be prepared to the Let- Appendix C. ter received from the United Political Societies in Norwich.

Resolved, That the said Answer be sent by the Secretary to the Secretary of the said Societies.

Mr. ----- -read an Answer (directed to be prepared

by him) to the Letter received from Mr. ----- ----- --- of

Birmingham.

munication; and to acquaint them that this Society perfectly agree with them in their Sentiments, with respect to the Calamities of War in general, and that they concur with them in thinking that the Thanks of the Community at large are due to all those who have exerted themselves to prevent the present War.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Joel Barlow and John Frost, for their Conduct in the Presentation of the Address of this Society to the National CQnvention of France; and that Mr. Frost be assured that our Regard for him is not lessened, but increased, by the Prosecutions and Persecutions which his faithful and due Discharge of that Commission may bring upon him.

At a Meeting, 5th April 1793.

Resolved, That a Letter be written to Simon Butler and Oliver Bond, Esquires, expressive of the high Sense we entertain of their Exertions in the Cause of Freedom; and to assure them that we consider the

Ordered, That the said Letter be entered in the Books of this Society.

Mr. Hamilton Rowan presents his Compliments to Mr. Adams', he did intend to have done himself the Pleasure of waiting on him. but has been so intolerably hurried by private Business as to have been prevented from his Purpose, and fears he shall not have it in his Power before he leaves this Town for which will be either on Monday Evening or early on Tuesday Morning. He knows that no more pleasure-able Sensation can be received by Messrs. Butler and Bond, as well as by all those Gentlemen who are acting with them, and who, though not under present, are liable to future Prosecution, than the Countenance and Support of those who are really engaged in the Cause of Man in general, and such we believe the Members of the Society for Constitutional Information to be, and as such H. R. in particular will remember the kind Fraternity with which he had the Honour of being received by them; and, as a Member

Imprisonment they at present suffer on that Account as of the United Irishmen of Dublin, would be happy to

have it in his Power to return the Compliment in his own Country.

Osborne's Hotel, Adelphi,

7th April 1793.

illegal and unconstitutional.

The following Letter was produced, and read:

Gentlemen,

It is not easy for men, who feel strongly and sincerely, to convey those Feelings by Letter, we therefore rely on your conceiving for us much of that which we are unable to express to you. We think, however, that we shall be guilty of a great Omission, did we neglect the Opportunity of sending you, by Mr. Hamilton Rowan, the honest Tribute of our Esteem and Admiration for your brave and manly Resistance to the usurped Jurisdiction of the Irish Aristocracy.

Permit us to offer you our Thanks, and our grateful Acknowledgment of your Efforts in what we consider as a common Cause, while wp lament our Inability of proving ourselves useful in your Defence.

Although we are of different Kingdoms, still we are requested to prepare the said Address, but One People; and as the Freedom of One Con- A. „

tinent has already spread its Influence to Europe, so B , T fia^'. 2£ ct°her *793- .

oa the other Handwe are persuaded that the Establish, Le.tttr from the Secretary to the Society for

tnentof Despotism in /retold must end in the Slavery of Constitutional Information at Onmtry, to ——

f _ . _ , . _ t m J nnnnmnoninrl urtrn comp A nnrpccpc frrvm tl-

Great Britain. But the Light of Liberty 1S not con-

At a Meeting, 21st June 1793.

Read the Sheffield and Nottingham Petitions to the House of Commons.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Address to the British Nation; and that the said Committee be an open Committee.

At a Meeting, 28th June 1793.

Copies of Two Petitions from the Town of Nottingham presented.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Address to the British Nation.

Resolved, That [Two Members, who are named] be

fined to One Shore or One Latitude.

We know that it is easier to admire than to practise those Virtues that tend to the Public Benefit. Yet so long as the Exertions of a few courageous Men must influence the Minds of at least the independent and thinking Part of the Community, we are assured that Mr. Skirving, Secretary to the Convention of the

accompanied with some Addresses from the said Society.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be returned to the Coventry Society, for their Communication.

Mr. Sinclair read a Letter, with an Address from

their Labour is not fruitless. We trust therefore the Time will sogn arrive, when the Abuse of Power in either Nation will have no other Consequence than the Ruin of those who have committed that Injustice. We hope, and we doubt not, of soon seeing the Day,

Friends of the People in Scotland, to the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society.

Resolved, That an Extraordinary General Meeting of this Society be called for Monday next, at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, at Six o'Clock in the

when the Post of Honour shall be no longer that of Evening, to consider of the Utility and Propriety of Obloquy and Punishment, but when those who have sending Delegates to a Convention of Delegates of risqued their Liberty and Fortune in the Cause of their the different Societies in Great Britain, to be held at Countrymen, may find Protection in the undisputed, Edinburgh, for the Purpose of obtaining a Parliamen-uninterrupted Exercise of Trial by Jury, with a tary Reform.

Vo l. 49. 8 0 Resolved*

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

' ----- v---'

Appendix C.

694 6° Junii. A. 1794.

Resolved, That the Substance of the Motion be in- on Friday next; and that a General Meeting of the AppendixC. serted in the Letter. Society be called for that Purpose.

At a Meeting, 28th October 1793.

Read Addresses to the Friends of the People of Parliamentary Reform, signed by W" Secretary to

the General Convention at Edinburgh.

Resolved, That this Society do send Delegates to the ensuing Convention to be held in Edinburgh for promoting a Reform in Parliament.

Resolved, That Two Members of this Society be elected as Delegates to the said Convention.

Resolved, That the Secretary do deliver to the Delegates appointed by this Society to represent them in the Convention at Edinburgh, Copies of the Proceedings of the 25th and 28th Instant, by which they are appointed to that Office.

Instructions to the Delegates.

The Delegates are instructed, on the Part of this Society, to assist in bringing forward and supporting any Constitutional Measures for procuring a real Representation of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament That in specifying the Redress to be demanded of existing Abuses, the Delegates ought never to lose sight of the Two essential Principles, General Suffrage and Annual Representation, together with the unalienable Right in the People to Reform; and that a reasonable and known Compensation ought to be made to the Representatives of the Nation, by a National Contribution.

That the Delegates do punctually correspond with the Society, for the Purpose of communicating Information, and of receiving such farther Instructions as the Exigency may require.

Resolved, That the above be the Directions to the Delegates.

Resolved, That Seven Guineas be allowed to each of the Delegates for Travelling; and a Sum not exceeding Three Guineas per Week each be allowed them during the Sitting of the Convention of Delegates; and that a Subscription be now opened for that Purpose, and that the Secretary be requested to receive the same.

Resolved, That the Proceedings of Friday the 25th and Monday the 28th October, 1793, be signed, by the Chairman and Secretary.

Resolved, That the Secretary be requested to write to the different Societies with which this Society is in Correspondence, informing them that the London Corresponding Society, together with this Society, have elected Delegates to the Convention of Delegates, to meet at Edinourgh on the 29th Instant; and to request

their Concurrence in this important Measure.

At a Meeting, 8th November 1793.

Read Letters from the Constitutional Societies at Sheffield, Leeds, and Birmingham, in Answer to the Secretary's Letters of the 28th Ultimo.

At a Meeting, 6th December 1.793.

Read a Letter from Mr. ----- ----- ----, Delegate from

this Society at Edinburgh, dated 7th November, with the Secretary's Answer to that Letter; and also another Letter from Mr. — - — — dated 12th No-

vember.

Resolved, That a General Meeting of this Society be called for the Second Friday in January next, for the Purpose of considering the important Letters received from the Delegate, Mr. — ----- ----.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to correspond with our Delegate, Mr. — ----- -.

At a Meeting, 10th January 1794.

Resolved, That the important Letters received from

Mr. ----- --- — , the Delegate from this Society to the

Convention at Edinburgh, and the subsequent Proceedings of that Convention, be taken into Consideration

x

At a Meeting, 17th January 1794.

Resolved, That Law ceases to be an Object of Obedience, whenever it becomes an Instrument of Oppression.

Resolved, That we recall to Mind, with the deepest Satisfaction, the merited Fate of the infamous Jefferies, once Lord Chief Justice of England, who, at the vEra of the glorious Resolution, for the many iniquitous Sentences which he had passed, was tom to Pieces by a brave and injured People.

Resolved, That those who imitate his Example deserve his Fate.

Resolved, That the Tweed, though it may divide Countries, ought not, and does not, make a Separation between those Principles of common Severity, in which Englishmen and Scotsmen are equally interested; that Injustice in Scotland is Injustice in England; and that the Safety of Englishmen is endangered whenever their Brethren of Scotland, for a Conduct which entitles them to the Approbation of all wise, and the Support of all brave Men, are sentenced to Botany Bay, a Punishment hitherto inflicted only on Felons.

Resolved, That we see with Regret, but we see without Fear, that the Period is fast approaching when the Liberties of Britons must depend not upon Reason, to which they have long appealed, nor on their Powers of expressing it, but on their firm and undaunted Resolution to oppose Tyranny by the same Means by which it is exercised.

Resolved, That we approve of the Conduct of the British Convention, who, though assailed by Force, have not been answered by Argument; and who, unlike the Members of a certain Assembly, have no Interest distinct from the common Body of the People.

Resolved, That a Copy of the above Resolutions be transmitted to Citizen William Skirving, Secretary to the British Convention, wrho is now imprisoned under Colour of Law, in the Tolbooth of Edinburgh.

Resolved, That the Resolutions now passed be published in the Newspapers.

Read a Letter from Mr. Hardy, Secretary to the London Corresponding Society.

At a Meeting, 24th January 1794.

A Motion was made, That it be resolved, That the most excellent Address of the- London Corresponding Society be inserted in the Books of this Society, and that the King's Speech to HIS Parliament be inserted UNDER it, in order that they may both be always ready for the perpetual Reference of the Members of this Society during the Continuance of the present unfortunate W ar; and that ( inperpetuam rei Memoriam) they may be printed together in One Sheet at the happy Conclusion of it; which happy Conclusion, according to the present prosperous Appearances, we hope and believe not to be many Months distant.

An Amendment was moved. That between the Words (HIS) and (Parliament) the Word (Honourable) should be inserted.

Honourable was withdrawn.

Another Amendment was then moved, That between the Words (HIS) and (Parliament) the Word (Faithful) should be inserted.

Faithful was withdrawn.

And it was unanimously resolved, " That HIS, and " HIS only, is the proper. Epithet for Parliament upon " the present Occasion."

The Resolution then passed unanimously in its original Form.

Resolved, That the London Corresponding Society have deserved well of their Country.

Resolved,

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

695

Appendix C. Resolved, that the Secretary be ordered to cause Forty Thousand Copies of the Address, the Speech, and these Resolutions, to be printed on One Sheet, and properly distributed in England, Scotland, and Ireland.

Resolved, That these Resolutions be published in the Newspapers.

Mr. ----- ---- — gave Notice, that he would at the

next Meeting of this Society, move that Two Books should be opened, One of them (bound in Black) in which shall be entered all the Enormities of those who deserve the Censure, and in the other the Merits of those who deserve the Gratitude of the Society.

At a Meeting, 14th March 1794.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Archibald Hamilton Rowan, Esquire, for the Manly Firmness with which he has uniformly pursued the Objects most dear to this Society, that of a fair Representation of the People in Parliament.

Resolved, That Archibald Hamilton Rowan, of the City of Dublin, a Gentleman of the most excellent and undoubted Public Principles, and of the most uniform and upright Conduct in the Pursuit of those Principles, be chosen an Honorary Member of this Society.

Resolved, That these Resolutions be communicated to Mr. Rowan by the Secretary of this Society.

At a Meeting, 21st March 1794.

Resolved unanimously, That the Secretary of this {Society be directed to write to the Friends of Peace and Reform at Sheffield, and to assure them, that this Society views with Pleasure their steady Exertions to obtain a fair Representation of the People of Great Britain in Parliament, and the proper Methods which may be appointed for public Fasts.

At a Meeting, 28th March 1794.

Read a Letter from the London Corresponding Society.

Resolved, That the same be entered on the Books of this Society.

Citizen, March 27th 1794.

I am directed by the London Corresponding Society to transmit the following Resolutions to the Society for Constitutional Information, and to request the Sentiments of that Society respecting the important Measures which the present Juncture of Affairs seems to require.

The London Corresponding Society conceives that the Moment is arrived, when a full and explicit Declaration is necessary from all the Friends of Freedom, — whether the late illegal and unheard of Prosecutions and Sentences shall determine us to abandon our Cause, or shall excite us to pursue a radical Reform, with an Ardour proportioned to the Magnitude of the Object, and with a Zeal as distinguished on our Parts as the Treachery of others in the same glorious Cause is notorious. The Society for Constitutional Information is therefore required to determine whether or no they will be ready, when called upon, to act in Conjunction with this and other Societies, to obtain a fair Representation of the PEOPLE — Whether they concur with us in seeing the Necessity of a speedy Convention, for the Purpose of obtaining, in a Constitutional and legal Method, a Redress of those Grievances under which we at present labour, and which can only be effectually removed by a full and fair Representation of the PEOPLE of Great Britain. The London Corresponding Society cannot but remind their Friends that the present Crisis demands all the Prudence, Unanimity, and Vigour, that ever may or can be exerted by MEN and Britons', nor do they doubt but what Manly Firmness and Consistency will finally Vot. 49.

and they believe shortly, terminate in the full Accom- Second Re*-

plishment of all their Wishes. port from

Committee

I am, Fellow Citizen,

(Iii my humble Measure)

A Friend to the Rights of Man.

of Secrecy.

v---- V ----- '

Appendix C.

(Signed) ----- ----- -- Secretary.

Resolved unanimously, 1st, That dear as JUSTICE and LIBERTY are to Britons, yet the Value of them is comparatively small without a Dependence on their Permanency; and there can be no Security for the Continuance of any Right but in EQUAL LAWS.

2d, That Equal Laws can never be expected but by a full and fair Representation of the People; to obtain which, in the Way pointed out by the Constitution, has been and is the sole Object of this Society. For this we are ready to hazard every Thing, and never, but with our Lives, will we relinquish an Object which involves the Happiness or even the Political Existence of ourselves ana Posterity.

3d, That it is the decided Opinion of this Society, that to secure ourselves from future illegal and scandalous Prosecutions, to prevent a Repetition of wicked and unjust Sentences, and to recal those wrise and wholesome Laws that have been wrested from us, and of which scarcely a Vestige remains, there ought to be immediately a CONVENTION of the PEOPLE, by Delegates deputed for that Purpose from- the different Societies of the Friends of Freedom assembled in the various Parts of this Nation. And we pledge ourselves to the Public to pursue every legal Method speedily to accomplish so desirable a Purpose.

P. S. I have to inform you that a General Meeting of the Society will be holden on Monday the 14th April, the Place to be announced by public Advertisement.

Resolved, That it is fit and proper, and the Duty of this Society, to send an Answer to the London Corresponding Society.

Ordered, That the Secretary acquaint the London Corresponding Society, that we have received their Communication, and heartily concur , with then* in the Objects they have in View; and that, for the Purpose of a more speedy and effectual Co-operation, we invite them to send to this Society next Friday Evening a Delegation of some of their Members.

At a Meeting, 4th April 1794.

Read a Letter from the Committee of the London Corresponding Society, acquainting this Society that they had deputed [several Persons] to hold a Conference with the Members of this Society. Five Persons attended from the London Corresponding Society.

Resolved, That- a Delegation of Five Members of this Society be appointed to meet the Members deputed by the London Corresponding Society.

Resolved, That this Deputation do confer with the Deputies of the London Corresponding Society.

Resolved, That there be appointed a Committee of Correspondence of the Members of this Society.

Ordered, That [Six Persons] compose the Committee.

At a Meeting, 11th April 1794-

Mr. ----- ----- --- made the Report of the Meeting of the Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, for the Purpose of this Society co-operating- with the London Corresponding Society; and that they had come to the following Resolutions:

1st, Resolved, That it appears to this Committee very desirable that a General Meeting or Convention of the Friends of Liberty, should be called for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the proper

Methods

1

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

V v

Appendix C.

696

66 Junii.

A, 1794.

Methods of obtaining a full and fair Representation of the People.

2d, Resolved, That it is recommended to the Society for Constitutional Information, and the London Corresponding Society, to institute a regular and pressing Correspondence with all those Parts of the Country where such Measures may be likely to be promoted, not only to instigate the Societies already formed, but to endeavour also to produce such other Associations as may farther the general Object.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the general Object will be much promoted, if a standing Committee of Co-operation between the Two Societies were established, for the Purpose of holding Personal Communication with such Members of similar Societies, in other Parts of the Country, as may occasionally be in London, and who may be authorized by their respective Societies to act with such Committees.

Read the following Letter from the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society.

Citizen, April 10th 1794.

I am. ordered by the Committee of Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, to inform the Society for Constitutional Information, that they approve of the Resolutions of the Committee of Conference.

Therefore the London Corresponding Society have chosen [Five Persons] to put in Practice immediately the Second and Third Resolutions of that Committee.

Appendix D.

Appendix D.

Sheffield, 15th January 1792.

Gentlemen,

THE Society for Constitutional Information now established at Sheffield, in the County of York, being desirous of forming a Connection all the like Societies in England, and especially with those, or some of them, in London, the Thatched House, the London Tavern, or others, humbly solicits your Advice and Assistance the

accomplishing thereof, inorder toform our Resolves similar to theirs', because, as we are actuated by the same Cause apd Principle, and all our Interests being One, our Sentiments ought and must be the same.

Your Information of the Method, Terms, and Manner of Application, for the above Purpose, as likewise to have One of our Friends admitted a Member of theirs, so as a regular Communication may be carried on betweenus, being directed to me, will be esteemed a particular Favour, and gratefully aclcnowledged by this Society; and the Expence incurred by your Attention to this Business shall be duly paid to your Order, either to the Postmaster here, or as you may please to direct, for and by the Order of this Society.

I am respectfully

Your sincere Friend ——

Copy of a Letter from the Society for Constitutional In for* mation at Sheffield, to the Editors of the English Chronicle.

(Signed)

Secretary to the Society

Secretary.

for Constitutional Information

Resolved, That the Report of the Committee of Delegates from the London Corresponding Society, and of this, Society, be entered on the Books of this Society.

1st. Resolved, That it appears to this Society very desirable that a General Meeting of the Friends of Liberty should be called, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the proper Methods of obtaining a full and fair Representation of the People.

2d. Resolved, That it appears to this Society that the general Object will be much promoted if a standing Committee of Co-operation were established for the Purpose of holding Personal Communication with such Members of similar Societies in other Parts of the Country as may occasionally be in London, and who may be authorized by their respective Societies to act with such Committees.

3d. Resolved, That the Committee of Correspondence already appointed by this Society be the Committee for Co-operation and Communication with the Committees of other Societies.'

Ordered, That the Secretary be desired to send a Letter to the London Corresponding Society, acquainting them with the Members of this Society appointed to confer with them.

Resolved, That Mr. ----- ----- be requested to ac-

cept of the Office of Secretary to the Committee of Correspondence.

Mr.

Office.

being present, accepted of the said

At a Meeting, 9th May 1794.

Read a Pamphlet, containing certain Proceedings of the London Corresponding Society, and of this Society.

Resolved, That Two thousand of the same be printed by this Society.

[The following Paragraphs are added in the same Hand.]

As the Manner of our beginning to associate on this Occasion was somewhat singular, we beg your Permission to mention a few Remarks thereon.

It first originated in an Assembly of Five or Six Mechanics, who, by their meeting at some one of their Houses, and conversing about the enormous high Price of

Provisions, &c. — the gross Abuses this Nation labours under from the unbounded Authority of the Monopolisers of all Ranks, from the King to the Peasant; the Waste and Lavish of the Public Property by Placemen, Pensioners, Luxury, and Debauchery, Sources of the grievous Burthen under which this Nation groans; together with the Mock Representation of the People — these being the Subjects of their Conversation, they concluded that nothing but Darkness and Ignorance in the People could suffer the natural Rights of every Freeman to be thus violated; and this excited them to invite and to visit their Neighbours, whence a small Society of Twenty or Thirty soon and kept increasing, so that they were obliged to divide into separate Bodies; and, at this Time, they have formed Eight of these smaller Societies, which meet each at their different Houses, all on the same Evening; this preserves good Order, and none are admitted without his Ticket, that they are perfectly safe from being intruded upon, and perfect regular good Order kept up; these meet every Two Weeks. Their General Meeting, at which some Hundreds attend, is held Once a Month, at [a Part here appears to be torn off] but true Knowledge will progressively extend itself with the same Effect, throughout this whole Nation, as it hath hitherto done here. We have now in the Press a Re-publication of Paine's Rights of Man, for 1,600 Copies, by 1,400 Subscribers, at the low Price Sixpence each Copy, to which we propose to annex an Abstract of the noted iniquitous Corn Bill of last Year.

We have also had an Impression here of that famous Address, signed by J. H. Tooke, Esq. Chairman; whose Address we should like to be favoured with.

Please to favour us with your Answer to the above as soon as convenient; and if you can form any Thing from the above, worthy of your truly laudable Paper, you are at Liberty; but as it was not thought of at our Meeting, it is not properly methodized and adjusted,

34 Geo. III. 6° yunii.

697

Appendix D. justed, as it stands, for that Purpose — we mean, in future, to trouble you with something of the Kind for that Purpose.

Thursday, 14th March 1792.

Sir,

Copy of The Delegates of the Corresponding Society think it Letter from Duty to acquaint you, without Delay, of the

tn the^ondon tion begun on Monday last, at this Place, for the Defence

Correspond- of the Prosecution said to be commenced against your ing Society to worthy Member Mr. Thomas Paine, in consequence of his the Chatrman valuable Publication, intituled The Rights of Man.

for Constitu- The Division assembled here on that Evening tional Infor- amounted to about Twenty Persons. At the Desire matron. of One of our Members, Mr. s Letter to Mr.

Secretary Dundas was read; after which the Subscription was proposed, and immediately signed by every One present: We have just leamt that the Division N° 5 of this Society likewise begun their Subscription on Tuesday last — It is our Intention to recommend to each of our several Divisions the Pursuance of the same laudable Design; and we doubt not but that a numerous Body of our Countrymen will befound to follow an Example so just in itself, and so essential to the Support of that small Portion of Liberty which the People of England are still supposed to enjoy. The Approbation and the Encouragement which our feeble Endeavours have met with from the Constitutional Society, make us desirous of uniting more strongly and more immediately with you — For this Purpose we wish that Six of our Members might be admitted amongst you, after the Manner of those whom you receivedfrom the Societies established at Sheffield and Norwich. — Conceiving that should this Plan be adopted generally, it could not fail to strengthen the Cause in which we are engaged, we beg the Favour of you to propose it at your next Meeting, and to return us the Decision of your Society thereupon.

I am, Sir, with great Attachment and Esteem, Your most obedient Servant,

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- Secretary.

Sheffield Society for Constitutional Information.

Sir,

Copy of a It is now about Four Months since this Society first Letter from formed itself into a regular Body, then but very few the Sheffield in Number; the enclosed will inform you of their In-Mr>ety to the crease> an(l which is most probable will soon become Secretary of vety numerous, and not only this large and populous the Society Town, but the whole Neighbourhood for many Miles for Constitu- round-about, have an attentive Eye upon us; most of m°a"ionInfor' *he Towns and Villages indeed are forming themselves into similar Associations, and strictly adhere to the Mode of copying after us; you will easily conceive the Necessity for the leading Members of this Body to pay strict Attention to good Order and Regularity, and the Need we have of consulting and communicating with those who are sincere Frieflds and able Advocates for the same Cause; for these Reasons we took the Liberty of writing to Mr.) Horne Tooke, that worthy Friend and Patriot for the Rights of the People, informing him of our earnest Desires of entering into a Connection with the Socjety of the same Denomination with ours in London: His very obliging and affectionate Answer favcrtlft us with your Address; in Consequence we have taken the Liberty herewith to transmit to you some Resolves which was passed at our last Meetings by the whole Body, and the Committee was charged with the Dispatch of printing and forwarding them to you accordingly, for the Purpose of submitting them to the Consideration of your Society, to make such Use of them as they think most prudent.

You will also notice the Belpar Addressthey applied so us about Two Months ago for Instructions as to our Y 0 x*. 49.

Mode of conducting, 8cc. had not then formed them* Second Reselves into any regular Association. Belpar is nearly port from Thirty Miles from this Place, in Derbyshire, and Eight

or Ten Miles from Derby. <----

If the Society for Constitutional Information in Appendix D. London should vouchsafe so far to notice us as to enter into a Connection and Correspondence with us, it cannot fail of promoting Honour and adding Strength to our feeble Endeavours, and to the Common Cause, which is the entire Motive we have in View.

I am,

SIR,

With the greatest Respect and Esteem,

Your sincere Friend,

By Order of ___________

Sheffield, the Committee j 14th May 1792.

We have taken the Liberty of enclosing a Parcel

for Mr. ----- ----- -- in Answer to a Letter from him to this Society, requesting some Information concerning our Method of conducting the Business we are embarked in, &c.: Also informing us there are in London a Number of Mechanics, Shopkeepers, &c. forming themselves into a Society on the broad Basis of the Rights of Man. You will be so obliging as to let the Packet remain with you until he call for it, as by this Post I have wrote him thereof. We have given him our Manner of proceeding, from our setting out to this Time, and hope it may be of some Use; the Improvement we are about to adopt is certainly the best for managing large Bodies, as in great and populous Towns, viz. dividing them into small Bodies or Meetings of Ten Persons each, and these Ten to appoint a Delegate:

Please to forward the Packet to Mr. ----- -- ----- as

soon as convenient.

Gentlemen,

This Society, feeling as they do the grievous Effects Copy of a of the present corrupt State Defects, and Abuse of our Country, the great and heavy Oppressions which the for Constitu-common Mass of the People labour under as the national Infor-tural Consequence of that Corruption; and, at the mation at same Time, being sensible, to a Degree of Certainty, to

that the Public Minds and general Sentiments of the for Constitu-People are determined to obtain A RADICAL RE- tional Infor-FORM OF THE COUNTRY, as soon as Pru- mation in dence and Discretion will permit, believes it their Duty ndon' to make use of every prudent Means, as far as their Abilities can be extended, to obtain so salutary and desirable an Object as a thorough Reformation of our Country, established upon that System which is consistent with the Rights of Man. For these Reasons, with great Deference and Submission to the Members of the Society for Constitutional Information in London, we beg Leave to request that they will be pleased to admit the Persons of the following Names annexed hereto as Members of their Society (they being our Friends, and Members of our Society) in order that a close Connection may be formed, and a regular Communication maintained, between the Two Bodies; that being thus strengthened, this Society may be better enabled to govern itself with more Propriety, and to render Assistance to their Fellow Citizens in this Neighbourhood, and in Parts more remote; that they, in their Turn, may extend useful Knowledge still further, from Town to Village, and from Village to Town,

until the whole Nation be sufficiently enlightened, and united in the same Cause, which cannot fail of being the

8 P Case

Ten of these Delegates form another Meeting, and so on, delegating from one to another, till at last are reduced to a proper Number for constituting the Committee or Grand Council.

698

6° fun

A. 1794.

Second Report froqn Committee of Secrecy.

'---- V----'

Appenuix D.

Case wherever the: most excellent Works of Mr. Thomas Paine finds Residence.

I am, Gentlemen,

Your most respectful and sincere Friend,

By Order of 1 _______________

the Committee,/ r"r"

Secretary for this Society.

Sheffield, 14th March 1792.

Names of the Twelve Members of die Society for Constitutional Information in Sheffield, requested to be entered as Members of the Society of the same Denomination in London.

Copy of a Letter from the Sheffield Society for Constitutional Information, to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society. Received 19th March

1792. '

Sir,

Your Letter of the 8th Instant to Mr. ——

was Yesterday handed to us, by Means of that Gentleman: He is not a Member of this Society, and therefore cannot perfectly answer your Request respecting the Rules and Orders of this Society. It affords us infinite Satisfaction that the People in London are beginning to fosm themselves into orderly Societies, and taking into their Consideration the great Importance and the Necessity of a Reform of the Corrupt State of our Government; a Work, than which none is more needful in this Nation, for the Relief of the Oppressed: The noble Observation in yours, is worthy of the Acceptation of all, viz. " That no Man who is " an Advocate from Principle for the Liberty of a " Black Man, but will strenuously promote and support the Rights of a White Man, and vice versa."

The inclosed, sent to Mr. ----- ----- --- as below, will

inform you of the Principles we set out upon, when at first a very small Number, some Four or Five of us, meeting in each other's Houses in an Evening, consulting and condoling the very low and even miserable Condition the People of this Nation were reduced to by the Avariciousness and Extortion of that haughty, voluptuous, and luxurious Class of Beings, who would have us to possess no more Knowledge, than to believe all Things were created only for the Use of that small Groupe of worthless Individuals. With these Sentiments, and perusing Mr. Paine's Rights of Man, maturely considering the Force and Weight of Argument therein contained, by Degrees became confirmed in our Judgment, that Pride, Ambition, Luxury, and Oppression, with every Vice, appeared to be at the Height, or nearly at the utmost Stretch; and admitting this to be the Case (as we really do believe it is) we may with the greatest Probability expect it cannot be very long before a great and perhaps a general Change will take place, which will redound with more Happiness to the People, as their Manners and moral Practices are more consistent to the Divine Will of the allwise Disposer of all Things, in Heaven and on Earth.

On these Principles our Numbers kept increasing, so that we found it necessary, for the Sake of good Order, to divide ourselves into small Bodies, of Ten Hensons each, and to hold a General Meeting once a Month; but of late our Numbers have increased so rapidly, and only having Thirteen Meeting Places all of the same Evening, they are so crowded, that we are adopting the Plan we first set out with, and to di-

vide the Whole (which do now consist of about 2,000 Appendix ft Members) into Tythings, or Meetings of Ten Members each; — Two hundred of these Meetings will include the Whole, from each of which a Delegate or leading Man will be chosen, and appointed to attend at their respective Places — Ten at each: These 200 Delegates will form Twenty Meetings; of Ten Members each; and lastly, from each of these Meetings a Delegate will be appointed to meet at the appointed Place, and these will form the Committee, or the Grand Council: by this Method, Order and Regula-larity will be maintained; and by this Method a regular Communication throughout the whole Nation might be kept up with the most perfect Harmony — and we would particularly recommend it to you in London as worthy your Adoption. As you increase in Numbers,

Necessity will confirm these Sentiments. We shall be glad at any Time to correspond, and be in close Connection with you; as our Cause is one, so ought our Sentiments to be unanimous: We also would recommend you to enter into Connection with the Members of the Society for Constitutional Information in London, of whom Mr. -..... is one; and we are

fully assured that Gentleman will be the true Friend ana Advocate in our Cause, consistent with his Principles hitherto manifested, both in Public and Private.

We have enclosed a Packet directed to you, with a Parcel to Mr..... in — ----- ----, who is Secre-

tary for the said Society, and who will deliver it t» you when you call for it, it containing some Information.

At a Meeting of the Delegates of the United Con- Copy ofReso-stitutional Societies, held the 24th of March 1792, atlutions trans-the Wheel of Fortune, Saint Edmunds, in the City of Norwich, it was unanimously agreed to communicate Constitute the Gentlemen of the London Society for Constitu- tional Infor-tional Information the following Resolutions. mation.

1st. We are happy to see the Success of the Sheffield Society for Constitutional Reform, and approve of the Delegations which you and they have made, in order to form a Plan of General Information; we humbly beg that you would grant to us the same Favour, and it is our Wish that all the Societies of a similar Kind in England were only as so many Members strongly and . indissolubly united in one Political Body.

2dly. We believe that instructing the People in Political Knowledge, and in their natural and inherent Rights as Men, is the only effectual Way to obtain the grand Object of Reform; for Men need only be made acquainted with the Abuses of Government, and they will readily join in every lawful Means to obtain Redress. We have the Pleasure to inform you that our Societies consist of some Hundreds; and new Societies are frequently forming, which by Delegates preserve a mutual Intercourse with each other for Instruction and Information; and the greatest Care has been taken to preserve Order and Regularity at our Meetings, to convince the World that Riot and Disorder are no Parts of our Political Creed.

3dly. We believe, and are firmly persuaded, that Mr.

Burke (the once Friend of Liberty) has traduced the greatest and most glorious Resolution ever recorded in the Annals of History — We thank Mr. Burke for the Political Discussion provoked, and by which he has opened unto us the Dawn of a glorious Day.

4thly. To Mr. Thomas Paine our Thanks are especially due, for his First and Second Part of The Rights of Man; and we sincerely wish that he may live to see his Labours crowned with Success in the general Diffusion of Liberty and Happiness among Mankind.

5thly. We view, with Concern, the late Discoveries relative to the Westminster Election, in 1788; and conceive ourselves, and all true Friends of Freedom, under great Obligations to Messrs. Thomson, Wyndham,

Francis,

34 Geo. III.

6° Junn.

699

Appwdi* D. Francis, Taylor, and all the noble and spirited MINORITY, for their Exertions in order to discover the true Source of that abominable and iniquitous Procedure.

6thly. We congratulate our Brethren in the various Parts of the Kingdom, on the Progress of Political Knowledge, and earnestly intreat them to increase their Associations, in order to form One grand and extensive Union of all the Friends of General Liberty — And we hope the Time is not far distant, when the People of England will be equally and faithfully represented in Parliament,

Signed by Order,

----- ----- ----- -Chairman.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the London Corresponding Society to the President of the Society for Constitutional Information.

Copy of a Letter from Lord John Russell to J. Cartwright, Esquire, Chairman of the Society for Constitutional Information.

Sir,

I am ordered by the Committee to send to the So> ciety for Constitutional Information in London a Copy of our Motives for associating, and the Resolutions we have come to We mean to persevere in the Cause we have embarked in; that is, to have (if possible) an equal Representation of the People of this Nation in Parliament.

We should be exceedingly happy to enter into a Correspondence with that Society, if it is not too much Presumption in us to expect such an Honour; but as our Cause is one, we hope that they will deign to take some Notice of us, who are now entering upon a Matter of such vast Importance.

You will see, by one of our Resolutions, that we have entered into a Correspondence with the Society at Sheffield.

I am, Sir,

With all Deference,

Your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

March 30th, J 792, —

Sir,

Fully sensible that the Society for Constitutional Information have made no Sacrifice to Delicacy in their Address to us, we on our Part shall affect no Disguise.

Voluntary Associations not being armed with Public Authority, have no Force but that of Truth, no Hope of Success but in the Strength of Reason, and the Concurrence of the Public.

We profess not to entertain a Wish " that the great " Plan of Public Benefit which Mr. Paine has so " powerfully recommended will speedily be carried " into Effect," nor to amuse our Fellow Citizens with the magnificent Promise of obtaining for them " the " Rights of the People in their full Extent," — the indefinite Language of Delusion, which by opening unbounded Prospects of Political Adventure tends to destroy that Public Opinion which is the Support of all free Governments, and to excite a Spirit of Inovation of which no Wisdom can foresee the Effects, and no Skill direct the Course. We view Man as he is, the Creature of Habit, as well as of Reason. We think it therefore our bounden Duty to propose no extreme Changes, which, however specious in Theory, can never be accomplished without Violence to the settled Opinions of Mankind, nor attempted without endangering some of the most estimable Advantages which we confessedly enjoy. We are convinced that the People bear a fixed Attachment to the happy Form of our Government, and the genuine Principles of our Constitution; these we cherish as Objects of just Affection, not from any implicit Reverence, or habitual Superstition, but as Institutions best calculated to produce the Happiness of Man in Civil Society: And it is because we are convinced that Abuses are undermining and corrupting them, that we have associated for the Preservation of those Principles.

Vol. 49.

" We wish to reform the Constitution, because we Second Re-4C wish to preservfe it." ' Port from.

Associations formed in the Face of Power, in Opposition to the Interests of our present Legislators, evince that Individual Security and Personal Independence are' APPendix D* already established by our Laws.

The immense Accumulation of Debt, the enormous Taxation of Seventeen Millions of Annual Revenue, de- monstrate that the collective Interests of the Community have been neglected or betrayed.

We believe the defective Constitution of the Assembly, entrusted with the Public Purse, to be the real Source of this Evil. With this View we have pledged ourselves to attempt a timely and salutary Reform, adhering in every Measure we may take to the fundamental Principles of the Constitution. According to those acknowledged Principles, the People have a perfect Right to possess an Organ, by which the Public Mind may speak in Legislation; and to bind their Representatives to the Interests of the whole Community, , by a frequent Renovation of the Trust. These Objects accomplished, we believe Abuses will find no Protection in a genuine Representation of the People; that Regulations best adapted to the Public Happiness will be gradually infused into our Laws, through the known Channels of Legislation: And that the agitated Minds of Men, resuming, their Confidence in Parliament, will subside into a calm Expectation of Redress, without forgetting the Principles or violating the Form of the Constitution.

These, as we think, are the Views of Men detesting Anarchy, yet sincere Friends of the People. Your Letter appears to us to be written with a View to create Distrust of our Designs, to insinuate Doubts of Sincerity, and to excite an early Suspicion of our Principles in the Minds of the People. We have not, however, refused, in Answer, to disclaim what we condemn, and to avow our real Objects, from the Pursuit of which we will not suffer ourselves to be diverted by any Controversy. We must beg Leave, at the same Time, to decline all future Intercourse with a Society whose Views and Objects, as far as we can collect them from the various Resolutions and Proceedings which have been published, we cannot help regarding as irreconcileable with those real Interests on which you profess to inform and enlighten the People.

(Sipied)

OHN , Chairman.

Freemason's Tavern,

Saturday, May 12th, 1792.

Freemason's Tavern, May 12th, 1792,

At a General Meeting of the Society of the Friends of the People associated for the Purpose of obtaining Parliamentary Reform.

The Right honourable Lord John Russell in the Chair.

Resolved, That the Proceedings of this Day, including the Letter from the Society for Constitutional Information, and the Answer of this Society to that Letter, be printed and published.

Resolved, That, together with the Answer of this Society to the Letter of the Society for Constitutional Information, there be transmitted to John Cartwright, Esquire, Chairman of that Society, a Copy of the Resolution of the Society of the Friends of the People^ to print and publish the Letter, and Reply.

JOHN RUSSELL, Chairman.

Pear Sir,

Appendix D.

Copy of a Letter from Stockport, to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society. Received 17 th Sept. 1792-

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Margaret to the Friends of Universal Peace and of the Rights Of Man Society at Stockport.

700

6° Junii. A. 1794.

Dear Sir,

In Obedience to the Wishes of the Society here, I have the Pleasure of acknowledging the Honour of your Letter, and the Packet which the Kindness of our Brothers of the London Corresponding Society so opportunely presented us with.

It is doubly deserving our Thanks, as it shews your Kindness, and as it will be useful in the Formation of our Infant Society: We stand much in Need of your Experience in this Particular, and we doubt not of your best Assistance. We are surrounded by a Majority, a formidable One indeed, in Power, Abilities, and Numbers, but we are not dismayed.

We have carefully perused the Addresses, and I am to observe on their Contents in general, that the Sentiments hardly rise to that Height which we from Men, sensible of their full Claims to absolute and troulable Liberty, i. e. unaccountable to any Power which they have not immediately constituted and appointed.

These are our Sentiments, whatever may be yours, though in the present State of Political Knowledge may be prudent not to avow them openly. We desire your. Sentiments on the Means of accomplishing that Object which we presume you have in View in common with us. We think it expedient that we should perfectly understand each other in the Beginning, lest the Appearance of Disunion might furnish Matter of Triumph to our Enemies. We observe One Expression, which says, " Numerous other Reforms would undoubtedly take place, &c. &c." But we ask, how is that Parliament to be chosen? Can we expect it from the present Order of Things ? Would not all the Evil be done away at once by the People assembled in Convention ? Does it appear probable, that the odious Laws which we complain of will be abolished any other Way ? Can the Grievances arising from Aristocracy be

redressed, while the — 1--- retains its present Authority

in the Legislature? Is the universal Right of Conscience ever to be attained, while the B ----- maintain

their Seats on the ----- -- — .

Your Thoughts on these important Points we most earnestly desire may be transmitted to us as soon as possible: Not directed as the last; we fear it will excite

Suspicion. Direct to Mr. ----- ----- ----- ----- — , Stock-

port, who is Chairman occasionally in the Absence of

- who resides too far from hence to be at Hand

on Emergencies.

Yours, &c.

London, 11th October 1792.

Sir,

With infinite Satisfaction the London Corresponding Society Committee perused your Letter: They are happy to learn your steady Determination, Spite of all Obstacles, to pursue that sole Means of Political Felicity, a perfect Representation of the People.

With regard to our Publications, our Sentiments are expressed in as strong Terms as Prudence will permit,

yet plain enough we imagine to convince the Public that while we expect every Thing from an Honest and an Annual Parliament, nothing short of such a Senate, chosen by the whole Nation, will satisfy us.

True Generosity, the Characteristic of this Nation, and of all unperverted Men throughout the Globe, calling upon us to countenance, at this Juncture, the arduous Struggle of the French Nation against Despotism and Aristocracy those Foes to the Human Race, wehave resolved upon addressing the French National Convention.

Without entering into the probable Effects of such a Measure, Effects which your Society will not fail to discover, we invite you to join us; and to that End herewith you have a Copy of our intended Address; if you approve the Idea, and will concur in sending it, be pleased to return us without Delay a Copy, signed by

your President and Secretary, or by the Delegates, stat- Appendix D. ing each for how many Persons he signs, we will then associate your Body with ours, and with some others who have already assented to the Measure. — If, on the contrary, you disapprove that Mark of Zeal towards the only Nation that has hitherto undertaken to restore to Mankind its just Rights, please to communicate to us your Objections.

I am, Sir,

For the Committee of Delegates,

Yours, &c.

M. M. Ch.

Sir, Sheffield, October 15th, 1792.

Having nothing particular to communicate to your Copy of a Society at the Time of the Publication of our last Num- Letter from ber, we contented ourselves with a general Acknowledg- TLePatriot°* ment of the Receipt of your Favour. We now gladly to embrace this Opportunity of especially thanking you for tary of the the same, and at the same Time assuring you, that the London Cor-Communications you sent us shall appear in the next J*BP®"*nK Number of The Patriot. y'

We beg Leave also to throw in our Mite of Commendation on the laudable Spirit which you have evinced, in your Intention to address the National Convention of France; and hope sincerely, that your Example will be followed by all the Societies in the Two Kingdoms, Ireland having already set the Example.

Within these few Days we have received a Letter from the Secretary of a Society intended to be formed at Stockport, a very populous manufacturing Town, only Seven Miles from Manchester, a Copy of which we think it necessary to send you herewith, by which you will see the unjustifiable Opposition which is making by the Enemies to a Reform, and the Friends and Tools of arbitrary Power, against the Increase of those Societies, and the Attempt to crush and annihilate our Efforts in the Cause of Freedom in the very Bud.

We thought it our Duty to answer the Letter immediately, in order to give them every Encouragement within the Scope of our feeble Abilities; and herewith also send your Society a Copy of our Letter on that Occasion; but we are apprehensive that the Voice of a few Individuals may not have Weight enough to answer the wished-for End, of inspiring them with sufficient Confidence to persevere. We hope your Society will also give them your Sanction, Advice, and Support, as it will be in vain for the Friends to Reform to contend with the tremendous Host of Enemies they have to encounter, unless they firmly on all Occasions stand by and succour one another.

It is with the greatest Satisfaction we announce to you, that several Societies have been formed within the last Three Weeks in Edinburgh, not less than Seven or Eight; and also that a Patriotic Print is about to make its Appearance, under the Direction of Major Johnson, who is also President of One of the Societies.

We have received some most spirited Communications from thence; and our Bookseller has sent an Order for 50 Additional Numbers of every Publication of our Work more than what was before in Circulation, with an Assurance that it was Daily increasing in Fame and Demand for it. We clearly foresee that Scotland will soon take the Lead of this Country, and conceive it will be necessary to take the greatest Care that an universal Communication should be constantly kept up between the several Societies, however distant, and that all should determine to act upon the same Principle, and move together, as near as may be, in regular and active Unison. 'Twas by this Method France became so thoroughly united; and we ought never to lose Sight of it.

The Sheffield Society has been lately revised and reorganized, and in a very short Time they will present 1 - the

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

701

Appendix D. the Public with an Address, and a set of Rules, Regu- I shall now, Sir, give you an exact Account of what Second Relations, and Resolves, which I think will do them in- Plan I could wish to obtain, which I have already Port from

finite Credit. moved for at our General Meeting, a full and ^0"£,lttee

We shall be happy to hear from your Society on every equal Representation of the whole Body of the Peo- v. —

Occasion that may be agreeable and convenient; and pie; a general Suffrage of Votes, and Annual Parlia- AppendixD.

any Communications which in future they may wish ments. I remember the Society for Constitutional

~..... Information intimated to us that Mr. ----- ----- ----- ----- --used to

write to them in the Name of the Resolution So-

to convey to the Public through the Medium of Patriot, they may rely on it every Attention and Regard shall be paid to them.

We remain, with great Respect, Fellow Citizen,

Your's most respectfully,

The Editors of The Patriot.

Sir, '

Leicester, 9th November 1792.

ciety: If you approve of that Appellation, pray be so kind as to give us a full and satisfactory Answer. I shall say no more at present, but remain a Friend to Peace, not to Anarchy; a Well-wisher to the Rights of Man, when obtained by Consent; and your most obedient, &c.

Copy of a Letter from Leicester to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information.

As I have not yet heard from you, I hope you will not omit my Request, and forward every necessary Particular by the First Mail.

Sir,

Manchester, November 13th, 1792.

The Manchester Reformation - Society, being con- Copy of a

_____________________________________ vinced that the Cause of Freedom will be much pro- j-^tter froin

We 'are to have our First adjourned Meeting on moted by opening a Correspondence with the different toeSe^ Monday Evening next; and I wish our Secretary to be Patriotic Societies in this Kingdom, have therefore cretary of well prepared to meet every Expectation, and every thought it necessary to address your Society for this the Society Objection. Purpose. ®?r C°nstitu-

Weshall stand in need of a Sort of Creed for imme- The Cause of Liberty goes on rapidly in this Townour or*

Society meets Weekly, and we enter several new Members every Time. We should have been more numerous had not the Influence of the Aristocrats hunted us out of the Public House where we met; but we hope this Step will be no Ways detrimental in the End, for we presently rallied our Members, and took a private House to meet in, where we have met some Time

diate Publication.

I am, &c.

Norwich, November 11 th, 1792.

Mr. Secretary,

Sir,

We, the Society for Political Information, are de- past: We are just going to publish a fresh Declara-sirous of holding and strenuously supporting the noble tion; and we have not the least Doubt but when it Sentiments which you so lately and friendly dis- appears it will be the Means of increasing our Society persed among us; and as we so much admire your prodigiously.

well-adopted Plan for a Reformation in the State, per- We shall deem it as a great Favour if you would send mit us, with the utmost Deference to your worthy So- us any Information that you may think worth Commu-

Copy of a Letter from the Society for Political Information at Norwich, to the Secretary to the ciety, to participate with you in all your great Na-London Cor- ^onai Correspondence, which your very Name pro-8 mises to maintain; and in consequence thereof, it is humbly desired, by the Society which I have the Happiness to represent, to incorporate Three Members with your worthy Fraternity; in doing which I shall here inform you of their Names and Residence, which

are as follows, ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- Our

principal Design in doing this, is, that we may have an Opportunity of knowing more exactly what may be thought the most eligible Steps to be taken in car-

nication, and may rest assured that we shall always be proud of any Opportunity by which it may be in our Power to return the Favour.

(Signed)

Secretary to the Reformation Society.

Please to direct to Mr. Gorse, N* 7, Great Newton Street, near New Cross, Manchester.

Sir,

De inougni ine must eugiuie omps uu ue uumu m ur- j gent & per Mail as a Parcel, requesting you Copy of*

rying on this great Business of our associated Breftren, w me ' PaniculaI J^able^ *» W* ta.

and to have an Opportunity to ask such Sort of Ques- estab|ish a Constitutional Society*! Leicester, similar to V*"" "

- - - J ~ - - the Secretary

„ of the Society

by First for Constitu-

Obscurity

Sheffield People's Declaration, which seemed determined to support the Duke of s Plan only;

but since we find, in a printed Letter received from them in a Book, that they mean to abide by some moderate Reform, as may hereafter be brought forward by the Friends of the People, which Method is uncertain to us. Again, we find that the Friends of the People, and the Society for Constitutional Information do not exactly agree; — we could be glad to know the Reason. It seems to me as, though the Difference

Mail: We want Laws, Orders, Principles, Creeds, tfonal Iofor-Addresses, Declarations, Resolutions, &c. mation.

Leicester, Nov. 15th, 1792.

Sir,

I am, Sir,

(In great Haste)

Your humble Servant,

At a Meeting which was last Week convened for the Copy of a

.uuuuu... rT ..... v..... ..... Purpose of instituting a Society for Constitutional In-Letter from

was this; — The Friends of the People mean only a formation, it was determined by the Persons present partial Reform, because they leave out the Words ex- form themselves into a Society for that Purpose: As of the So-pressing the Duke of Richmond's Plan, and talk only it was thought expedient that a Plan should be adopted, ciety for of a Reform; while the Manchester People seem to which would be calculated to produce the Object of Comttoi-vntimate, by addressing Mr. Paine, as though they were the Institution, the Society resolved that they would ."*' intent upon Republican Principles only: Now, to come apply to the Constitutional Society in London; and at closer to the Question, it is only desired to know, their Request I have now taken the Liberty of soliciting whether the Generality of the Societies mean to rest you would be so kind as to transmit to us a Copy satisfied with the Duke of Richmond's Plan only; OR of the Plan of the Sheffield or any other Society, which WHETHER IT IS THEIR PRIVATE DESIGN you may think best adapted to produce the End of the TO RIP UP MONARCHY BY THE ROOTS, Institution. Your Compliance with the Request will AND PLACE DEMOCRACY IN ITS STEAD, not only be a Sanction to the Institution, but will be Vol. 49. 8 Q attended

L

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix D.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information.

702

6° Junil A. 1794.

attended with the salatary Effect which results from such Institutions.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

P. S. — Our Corporation has been apprised of our Intention of forming a Constitutional Society; and have threatened us with a Prosecution; but we are determined to persevere in our Intention.

Coventry,

Nov. 26th, 1792.

The inclosed Hand Bill, which we privately circulated here some Time since, has so exasperated our Corporation, that they now declare they will punish us with that Rigour and Severity which the Proclamation has empowered them with.

Sir, London, 30th November 1792.

I am directed by the Committee of Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, to send your Society the inclosed Copy of an Address they are forthwith going to publish, as an Answer to the sophistical Address lately sent forth from the Association for the Preservation of Property, &c. from the Inroads of Levellers and Republicans.

I am,

With great Esteem,

Dear Sir,

Your very humble Servant,

----- ----- Secretary.

Address of the London Corresponding Society, to the other Societies Great Britain, united for the obtaining a Reform in Parliament.

Friends and Fellow Countrymen,

Unless we are greatly deceived, the Time is approaching when the Object for which wre struggle is likely to come within our Reach. That a Nation like Britain should be free, it is requisite only that Britons should will it to become so — that such should be their Will, the Abuses of our original Constitution, and the Alarms of our Aristocratic Enemies, sufficiently witness. Confident in the Purity of our Motives, and in the Justice of our Cause, let us meet Falsehood with Proofs, and Hypocrisy with Plainness; let us persevere in declaring our Principles, and Misrepresentation will meet its due Reward — Contempt.

In this View the Artifices of a late Aristocratic Association, formed on the 20th Instant, call for a few Remarks, on Account of the Declaration they have published relative to other Clubs and Societies formed in this Nation. It is true that this Meeting of Gentlemen (for so they style themselves) have mentioned no Names, instanced no Facts, quoted no Authorities; but they take upon themselves to assert that Bodies of their. Countrymen, have been associated, professing Opinions favourable to the RIGHTS OF MAN, to LIBERTY and EQUALITY; and moreover that those Opinions are conveyed in the Terms, NO KING, NO PARLIAMENT. So much for their Assertions.

If this be intended to include the Societies to which we respectively belong, we here in the most solemn Manner deny the latter Part of the Charge, while, in admitting the former, we claim the Privilege, and glory in the Character of Britons. Whoever shall attribute to us the Expressions of NO KING, NO PARLIAMENT, or any Design of invading the Property of other Men, is guilty of a wilful, an impudent, and a malicious Falsehood.

We know and are sensible that the Wages of every Man are his Right; that Difference of Strength, of Talents, and of Industry, do and ought to afford pro-

portional Distinctions of Property, which, when ac- Appendix D. quired, and confirmed by the Laws, is sacred and inviolable. We defy the most slavish and malevolent Man in the Meeting of the 20th Instant to bring the remotest Proof to the contrary. If there be no Proof, we call upon them to justify an insidious Calumny, which seems invented only to terrify independent Britons from reclaiming the rightful Constitution of their Country. We admit and we declare that we are Friends to CIVIL LIBERTY, and therefore to NATURAL EQUALITY, both of which we consider as the RIGHTS OF MANKIND. Could we believe them to be "in direct Opposition to the Laws " of this Land," we should blush to find ourselves among the Number of its Inhabitants. But we are persuaded that the Abuses of the Constitution will never pass current for its true Priniples; since we are told in its first Charter that ALL ARE EQUAL IN THE SIGHT OF THE LAW, which " shall " neither be sold, nor refused, nor delayed to any " free Man whatsoever." Should it ever happen that " Right and Justice" are opposed by Expence, by Refusal, or by Delay, then is this Principle of Equality violated, and we are no longer free Men.

Such are our Notions of those Rights which it is boldly maintained " are inconsistent with the Wellbeing of SocietyBut let us not suffer Men who avow no Principles of Liberty, whose favourite Cry is Inequality of Property, to estrange others of our Countrymen from aiding us in serving the Community, and from recovering to the Nation that Share of its Sovereignty which has unhappily been sacrificed to corrupt Courtiers and intriguing Boroughmongers.

If our Laws and Constitution be just and wise in their Origin and their Principle, every Deviation from them, as first established, must be injurious to the People whose Persons and Property were then secured; if at the Resolution this Country was adequately represented, it is now so no longer, and therefore calls aloud for Reform.

If it be true that the People of Britain are superior to other Nations, is it that our Taxes are less burthensome ? or that our Provisions are less expensive P Is it from the various Productions of our Soil that we are rich ? Is it owing to the Majority of our Numbers that we are strong? — Certainly not. France has the Advantage in all these Respects, and up to this Period she has never been our Superior in Wealth, in Power, in Talents, or in Virtue. But let us not deceive ourselves, the Difference between us and that Nation was formerly that our Monarchy was limited, while theirs was absolute — that the Number of our Aristocracy did not equal the Thousandth Part of theirs — that we had Trial by Jury, while they had none — that our Persons were protected by the Laws, while their Lives were at the Mercy of every Titled Individual. We, thereforej had that to fight for which to them was unknown — since we were Men while they were Slaves.

The Scene has indeed changed — Like our brave Ancestors of the last Century, they have driven out the Family that would have destroyed them; they have scattered the Mercenaries who invaded their Freedom, and have " broken their Chains on the Heads of their " Oppressors." If, during this Conflict with Military Assassins and domestic Traitors, Cruelty and Revenge have arisen among a few Inhabitants of the Capital, let us lament these Effects of a bloody and tyrannous Manifesto, but let us leave to the hypocrite Pretenders to Humanity the Task of blackening the Misfortune, and attributing to a whole Nation the Act of an enraged Populace.

As we have never yet been cast so low at the Foot of Despotism, so it is not requisite that we should appeal to the same awful Tribunal with our Brethren on the Continent. May our Enmities be written in Sand, but may our Rights be engraven on Marble!

We

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

703

Appendix D. We desire to overthrow no Property but that which has been raised on the Ruins of our Liberty. We look with Reverence on the Landed and Commercial Interests of our Country; but we view with Abhorrence that Monopoly of Burgage Tenures unwarranted by Law or Reason in this or any other Nation in Europe.

Let us then continue, with Patience and Firmness, in the Path which is begun. Let us wait and watch the ensuing Sessions of Parliament, from whom, we have much to hope, and little to fear. The House of Commons may have been the Source of our Calamity, it may prove that of our Deliverance. Should it not, we trust we shall not prove unworthy of our Forefathers, whose Exertions in the Cause of Mankind so well deserve our Imitation.

(Signed)

MAURICE MARGAROT, Chairman.

London, — T ----- ----- --Secretary.

29th Nov. 1792.

Appendix e. Appendix E.

Sheffield Society for Constitutional Information.

Plans of " The Society of the Friends of the People," Second Rein order that they may be enabled to judge how far they shall be warranted in seconding and supporting the

Bill which Mr. Grey has riven Notice he means to in ——

troduce into the House of Commons, in the Course of APPendlx E* the present Session, for the Purpose of obtaining this great and desirable Object.

Requesting an Answer as speedily as possible — we remain, with the greatest Respect, in the Name, and by Order of the Committee,

SIR,

Your most obedient Servants,

----- ----- ----- -President.

----- ----- ----- -Secretary.

Copy of a Letter from

Committee Room, January 16th, 1793.

" Resolved,

" That a Circular Letter be immediately forwarded by this Committee to every Society in Great Britain (that is known to us) which has associated for the tional Society " Purpose of obtaining a Reform in Parliament, re-

1": rsting Th So?to rfTus t

- - they mean to come forwari in Support of their several us8with ri jWciitions, and exhibit all the En-

Declarations during the present Session of Parha- 0

ment."

Copy of a Letter from the Constitu-

Birmingham, February 6th, 1793.

Friends and Fellow Citizens,

The Members of the Society for Constitutional Information established at this Place, November 20th, 1792, the Societ take this Opportunity of laying before you our printed f0r Constitu-Address and Declaration, and our Rules and Orders, tional Infor-which we have adopted from the Sheffield Society for mation at our internal Government; and to shew our Justice, our Moderation, and Love to all Mankind, we desire for Constitu-your Advice and Assistance, that the general Mind of tional Infer of our Society may be formed unanimously to the best mat*011 and most likely Mode of obtaining our long-lost Rights London* as Men free born, and as Citizens by universal Incorporation.

The interested and bigotted Supporters of the exploded System of Corruption are continually throw-

of the Society for Constitutional Information.

Sir,

gmes of Power and Tyranny before us for meeting to investigate the Laws of our Country, and endeavouring to obtain, in a legal and peaceable Manner, the Birthright of every Briton, (viz.) an equal Representation of the People in Parliament; notwithstanding which Numbers daily flock to the Standard of Liberty. We are determined, in spite of all base Opposition, to persevere as we have begun, in the good Cause, till we have obtained the desirable End, a Redress of our Grievances.

We sincerely think the Cause is of God, and that it would go on without pur Interference; but who can stand by an idle Spectator, and see our Fellow Men struggling for us in the Cause of Liberty, and not have a Wish to lend a helping Hand in the humane and godlike Work?

We ardently and sincerely desire to become Instrumental in so good and great a Work, the Cause of of all Mankind, both present and

In Consequence of the above Resolution, we take the Liberty of addressing your Society, and of informing you that it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Sentiments and Determination of every Society in Great Britain ought to be explicitly known, and candidly declared, in order that such of them as coincide in Idea on this great Constitutional Question may act in Concert together; a Circumstance which will greatly add to their Strength and Consequence, and which indeed appears to be indispensably requisite to be done without further Delay.

We therefore beg Leave to state, that in our Opinion any Reform will prove nugatory, or at least fall far short of the permanent and important Advantages to the Country and Constitution which we have Liberty "and in View, that does not consist of a Restoration of the

Rightnf Universal Suffrage(except 1of Persons not of The ateful of our Society given w

sane Mind, under th* Age of Twenty-one Years and Mr Took Major Mr. and

those incapacitated by Crimes) together withAnnual the rest of the Members of the Constitutional Society Elections; and for the Purpose of regaining Aese our for Information in jr^Wj for their firm and mmlJ Rights, we propose to petition the Commons House of Support md Perseverance in

our common Cause of

Parliament this Session, to take into their most serious Li^ Good WiU to all Mankind, and their

Consideration the present very inadequate State of the steadJ Purpose to obtain an effectual Reform in the Representation of the People of Great Britain, the va- House of the People, the Commons House

nous and great Abuses resulting therefrom, and that 0 they will take such speedy and effectual Measures to remove those Evils, and remedy the Grievances consequent thereon, as to their Wisdom shall seem most proper.

As the Importance and Magnitude of the Question requires that no Time should be lost which can pos-

to

of Parliament.

Our Society requests the Favour of your admitting the following Twelve Persons, whose Names are subscribed, to be enrolled Members of your Society, for the Purpose of corresponding with yours and every other similar Institution in me Nation, for the bet-

.. „ . ... t ter regulating our Measures, and receiving Instruction,

sibly be avoided, we beg that your Society will have all the Success your la®dable Under.

the Goodness to inform us how far our proposed Plan defenres-we are, with Sincerity, your Fellow meets with your Approbation, or ra what Respect, and QUirem and Friends

to what Degree or Extent, we differ.

At all Events it appears highly necessary that the several Societies in the Kingdom should request to know immediately what are the express View and Vo l.49.

[The Names of above, and of the joined.]

the Twelve Persons mentioned Persons to direct to, are sub-

12 th

704

Appendix E.

Drift of a Letter from Mr. Margarot to the Constitutional Society at Sheffield.

Copy of a Letter from the Committee of the Friends of the People to the Secretary of the London Corresponding "Society.

6° Jurm.

A. 1794.'

12th February 1793.

Gentlemen,

The London Corresponding Society defer answering your kind Letter, until they shall have been able to ascertain the Sense of the whole Society on the Matter. They mean likewise to confer thereon with all the other Societies in London and also, if possible, to collect the Ideas of -the unassociated, on an Object so important to us all. I am,

Gentlemen,

with Esteem,

your Fellow Labourer, &c.

Frith Street, February 15th, 1793.

Sir,

I am directed by the Society of the Friends of the People, to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter, dated 1st February 1793. Having pledged ourselves by our public Acts and Documents to use every Effort in our Power for the Purpose of obtaining a complete, substantia], and radical Reform of the Representation of the People in Parliament, we never can be supposed to have surrendered to any other Body of Men the Exercise of our own Discretion with respect both to the Plan which we deem most effectual for the Purpose, and the Time which we may think most favourable for offering it to the Public; at present we think, that to make public our Views on these Subjects would be to furnish Arms to our Enemies, and to injure the Cause in which we are engaged. The Period, however, is probably not very far distant when these Particulars will be made known to the Public; it is sufficient now to express our Confidence that that Moment will prove, by Evidence, more substantial than Professions, that we will propose no Plan of Reform which is short of an effectual Destruction of Abuses in the Representation of the People, and that we have honestly exerted every Faculty we possess in chusing the Time most favourable to the Success of our Plan.

We have learned, with Affliction and Indignation, the arbitrary and unconstitutional Interruption of Meetings of Citizens, peaceably and lawfully assembled, for the Discussion and Maintenance of their Rights. We have ever viewed with utter Disapprobation, both of their Principles and Proceedings, the Associations who have been the Authors or Instruments of this Persecution. Their Principles, we think, are repugnant to the free Spirit of the English Law, and their Conduct, we think, has been as injurious and oppressive as the Principle of their Institution is unconstitutional and absurd. But deeply penetrated as we are with these Sentiments, we neither possessed Power nor legal Competence to interpose for the Protection of an Individual, suffering even under the most unjust Prosecution. We cannot, therefore, feel ourselves blameable for Inaction in Cases of which the Particulars were never laid before us, and in which it might have been perhaps impossible, and perhaps improper, for us to have interfered.

We do not think it necessary to make any particular Remarks on those Publications which you have put forth. We are not called upon to pronounce any Judgment on the Publications of Individuals or Societies; and however we may lament the Grievances of which some of your Publications complain, our Efforts must necessarily be limited to the Object of an Institution, the Creation of an Organ to speak the Public Voice In Legislation.

We cannot help expressing some Surprize at the Information that Societies in different Parts of the Kingdom, who were solicitous about the Nature and Extent of our Plans of Reform, instead of expressing such Solicitude to ourselves, should have chosen the

indirect and circuitous Channel of any other Society. Had Appendix E. they applied to the Friends of the People directly, they would assuredly have received every Information compatible with the Prudence, and with a due Regard to the Success of our common Cause.

On the Subject of your Correspondence with the National Convention of France, we freely communicated to you an Opinion in our last Letter. We see no Reason to change the Sentiments which we then expressed on the Prudence and Tendency of that Measure; for though we not only " acknowledge," but avow with Pride, " that to wish Success to the " Cause of Freedom is congenial to the Heart of a " Briton," yet we cannot think that Men engaged in so momentous a Cause as that of Parliamentary Reform are entitled to make public Declarations, even of their most virtuous Sentiments, in any Manner which may injure that Cause, serve the Purposes, and strengthen the Pretexts of its Enemies. Far be it from us to treat with Severity and Rigour even those Errors and Indiscretions into which Men may be betrayed by a generous Zeal for the Cause of Freedom; but surely it cannot be denied, that the Correspondence of S^ieties in this Country with public Bodies in France, has furnished the most specious Pretences to interested Men for confounding a virtuous Sensibility to the Interests of Liberty in other Countries, with a criminal Intention to introduce Disorder and civil Commotion into our own; it is chiefly by the Help of this Pretext, that designing Men have so successfully practised on the Alarms of the Public, and that timid Honesty has been rendered the Dupe and the Instrument of Corruption.

But on this Subject all further Remark is now become unnecessary, as every good Citizen must now feel himself precluded from all Political Intercourse with France (for a Period which we earnestly pray may be very short) by a War, the Principle of which we utterly disapprove; the inevitable Evils of which we deeply deplore; and at the possible Consequences of which we tremble.

Among the most wise and honest Friends of Liberty there must arise frequent Differences of Opinion and of Conduct; and these Differences, the natural Effect of an independent Judgment^ and an independent Spirit, are perfectly compatible with mutual Confidence and Co-operation. When, indeed, designing Persons avail themselves of such Differences to sow Distrust, and to insinuate Suspicions against the Characters and Intentions of Men, it is then only that they become pernicious and injurious. Against Practices which might produce such a Spirit of Disunion and Distrust, it is surely almost unnecessary to warn the Friends of Liberty at a Moment when our Enemies are so formidable and so united. They have sacrificed all inferior Interests and all former Differences to their common Interest in perpetuating Abuses and Corruptions. Let it not be said, that more generous Motives have a less powerful Influence on the Human Mind, and that the Love of Liberty is not able to produce that Union among her Friends, which in her Enemies has arisen from the most abject and sordid Passions.

It seems scarce necessary to represent to the London Corresponding Society, the peculiar Necessity of Circumspection and Moderation at a Moment when the most venial Indiscretion of the Friends of Reform is remarked with such malignant Watchfulness, and converted into an Argument against the Cause of Reform itself.

He must surely either be a secret Enemy, or an unsafe and pernicious Friend of that Cause, who could prompt you to any Thing that could be construed into Indiscretion, or who would labour to sow Distrust among the small Number of those who now appear in

Behalf

Appendix £

Draft of a Letter from the London Corresponding Society, intended as an Answer to the foregoing Letter.

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii.

705

Behalf of Freedom in England, at a Period when a Persecution is carried on against the Friends of Reform at Home, and a War is commenced, which in its Progress may combine the Arms of England with those of Powers engaged in a Crusade against the general Liberties of Europe.

In' Name and by Order of the Committee.

Sir,

The Committee of the London Corresponding Society have, at present, to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of the 15th of February.

With Pleasure we perceive your Society not unwilling to keep up a Correspondence with us, yet, at the same Time, we are sorry that you should appear to be hurt by the plain Questions we put to you in our last — to ask of you what Measures you mean to pursue in a Matter which concerns us all, is certainly no Ways calling upon you to surrender up to our Society, or even to the Public at large, your Discretion — nor can we conceive that a Body of Men having pledged themselves to the Public can be a sufficient Security to that Public to repose implicit Confidence in them without being made further acquainted with the Nature and Extent of the Plan you mean to pursue, in order that we the People may, if we approve it, co-operate with you — the Extent of your proposed Reform, we apprehend, is already determined upon, and we can discover no Advantage likely to result from its Secrecy — on the contrary, if we are to ask for ourselves the same Thing which our Friends mean to ask for us, the latter must receive their Instruction from us, or we must be directed by them — in either Case there must be no Secrets. We further conceive, that the Permanency of a Reform must be founded on the Acquiescence of the Public, who, after maturely deliberating on every Thing proposed, shall have found your Plan the most useful and the best that could possibly be laid down. — The Business we are engaged in is of too important a Nature to admit of Reserve or Disguise. — We will therefore, by the Frankness of our Behaviour, shew ourselves worthy the Friendship of a Society of honest Men endeavouring to serve their Country, and plainly tell you, our Country Correspondents did not desire us to inquire of you what you meant to do, but fairly asked us whether we thought you honest ? whether we thought you meant to serve a Party or the Nation ? whether we imagined you intended a partial or a compleat Reform ? Addressed in this Manner to us, and blunt as those Questions may appear, they have nothing in them which can possibly offend you, the People having always an undoubted Right to scrutinize the Character and Principles of them who call themselves their Friends, and as such avow an. Intention of bringing forward Measures in which we are all so deeply interested. — As to the furnishing our Enemies with Arms by a Disclosure of our Intention, we cannot conceive that Demands founded on Constitutional Rights can lose any of their Force by being made public. Reason (vires acquirit to triumph requires only to be known; and as none of the People's Demands are founded on Fallacy, to take the Enemy by Surprize would be unworthy of the Public Champions, and, moreover, perfectly needless, when Truth and Reason must unavoidably bear down all before them without the Assistance of Guile.

Under the Idea, that where you say, " You neither " possessed Power nor legal Competence to interfere " for the Protection of an Individual suffering under " the most unjust Prosecution," you allude to the Case of our Bill Sticker: We must beg to set you right, and to inform you we never, as a Society, sought the Interference of.toy Body of Men; on the Vol. 49.

contrary, we are firmly persuaded, however hard such Second Re-Cases may bear upon Individuals, they will eventually port from prove of Seryice to the Public, nothing having a greater Committee Tendency towards rousing the Country from its too pre- °. valent Apathy with Regard to Stretch of Prerogative and Appendix EL Abuse of Power. '

As to our Address to the French National Convention, we imagine it best to say no more about it at present, only that if it has furnished Pretexts to designing Men, it has only saved them the Trouble of seeking Excuses elsewhere; but such Men, even without our Aid, would have been at no Loss; at the same Time we are apt to believe the Plan for War, if conceived before then, was by no Means accelerated thereby — intended as Preventatives, Addresses might have been effectual if they had been more generally adopted; the only Fault therein, that by a mistaken Idea the Addressers gave Credit to the Nation for a greater Degree of Energy than it really possessed. We agree with you that Unity of Sentiment was no Way incompatible with Diversity of Opinion, and that the latter is natural to independent Minds; with the same Object in view, their Mode of pursuing it will undoubtedly differ; — with Caution, therefore, we will watch over those who wish to sow the Seeds of unnecessary Distrust among us, and will at the same Time take good Care that the Doctrine of implicit Confidence may not gain Ground among us. Full as much as yourselves we plead the Necessity of Union among the Friends of Liberty, but lament that it is prevented, or at least retarded, in many Instances by the same Thing that promotes it among the Enemies of Reform, namely, Interest; with them all their Interest is for the Continuation of Abuses, while to some of us a Reform must be attended with pecuniary Loss, and many others would lose their Employ, their Daily Bread, were it known they took an active Part: — thus the same Motive, assuming on one Side the Appearance of a Virtue gives Emulation to bad Men, and on the other, in its vilest but most natural Form, stays the Progress of those who, with the best Intentions, labour to save their Country.

We thank you for your kind and prudent Advice, enjoining us Moderation and Discretion at this critical Moment, when every Imprudence in the Advocate is liable to be rendered prejudicial to the Cause itself.

4th March 1793.

The London Corresponding Society have at present Draft of a to acknowledge your preceding Letter.

With regard to petitioning Parliament we are unanimous in the Opinion, that such a Petition will not pro- to the Conduce a Refomn; pet from many Considerations we are stitutional

now persuaded, that if every Society in the Island will sendforward a Petition, we shall ultimately gain Ground, for as much as it will force the present Members of the Senate to repeatedly discuss the Subject, and their Deliberations, printed in the different Newspapers, will most naturally awaken the Public Mind towards the Object of our Pursuit; the Nation, once informed that a Reform in Parliament is sought for from different Quarters, gives rise to Debates in the House of Commons, and is acknowledged by every Rank to be wanting, will begin to exercise their own Reason on the Subject; arrived at that Period, we presume our Business will be nearly accomplished.

Let us closely follow up our Nottingham Brethren; let every Society petition separately; let every Week furnish a fresh Petition, and afford a fresh Debate; — we seek to open the Eyes of the Public: Petitions ou our Part, and Rejections on the Part of the Ministry, will effectually do it. We therefore highly approve of your Idea, and will ourselves follow it up, and

8 R recommend

last, and to answer more fully your Letter from the London

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Appendix E.

Copy of a Letter from the United Societies at Norwich to the Society for Constitutional Information,

706 6° Jmii. A. 1794.

recommend it to all the other Societies we correspond with; and withal we recommend to you that no Time be lost in so doing.

With you we lament the Evils of an imprudent and inconsiderate War, a War rather eagerly sought for the Advancement of private Ends, than carefully deprecated from Considerations of public Good — a Contest unfavourable to this Country, whether either France or Despotism gain the upper Hand. We join with you in Gratitude to those worthy Members of either House who have endeavoured to avert this National Calamity, to whom we have likewise returned our public Thanks — and we remain with Sincerity and Affection,

Your Friends and Fellow Labourers,

United Political Societies of 5th March

1793-

Gentlemen,

It is with peculiar Satisfaction we are favoured with your Correspondence, not merely because you are so, although you are better fitted to diffuse , but

because you are embarked in the same magnanimous Cause, which demands with Alacrity the Attention of every Individual, and it is with the utmost Regret we see so many, either from Ignorance or something worse, who are inimical to their own Interest; for nothing contributes so much to support the Oppressor as the Ignorance of the Oppressed, for which Purpose the Flood Gates have been opened gradually, till by Degrees the Streams of Corruption have yearly overflowed the Land, such as Bounty Acts, borrowing Qualifications and Septennial Acts, besides Standing Armies, Excise and Tything Laws, with various others too painful for Reflection, without Credit to the Framers thereof, and with Advantage t;o Society. We do not presume to recapitulate these Abuses for your Information, but being experimentally acquainted with them, we wish to find out a Method of Redress. At present we see a great Propriety in Universal Suffrage and Annual Elections, but we beg you will be obliging enough to inform us of what you have collected of the Sense of the People by your Correspondents. — We have to inform you, that our worthy Corresponding Societies of London have recently submitted Three Propositions for our Investigation: First, Whether a Petition to Parliament, or an Address to the King, or a Convention.

Permit us briefly to state our Views for your Revisal; and with respect to the First, we behold we are a conquered People; we have tamely submitted to the galling Yoke, and Resistance in the present Circumstances is vain; we cannot, we cannot act the Man, and as Necessity have no Law, we think purselves under that degrading Necessity to state our Grievances to the House of Commons, with a Request for Redress, and should they refuse to grant our reasonable Petition, we have still got (no Thanks to them) a formidable Engine, that will convey the Insult to the remotest Parts of Kingdom. As to the Propriety of the Second, we wish to submit to yoqr superior Judgment, and should esteem it a Favpur to be informed of the Result, for at present we are dubious of its good Consequences. Lastly, a Convention, and °h tkdt the Period were arrived; but in the present State of Affairs, alas! it is impracticable; yet this is the Object we pursue, and esteem any other Means only in Subordination to, and as having a Tendency to accomplish that desirable find.

Wp wish to be in unison with ppr Brethren and FeL h>w Labourers, and should be glad of any Information as soon as it is convenient, and we beg your Advice whether it is necessary as soon as possible, to collect Signatures to a Petition for a real Representation of the People, and by whom to present it; whether Mr. Coke,

Mr. Burch, or any of the Friends of the People; and Appendix £. whether it is attended with any Expence. — Our Members are both inimical to the Business.

We can give you no accurate Statement of the Representation in our Neighbourhood, only observe it is equally farcical here as elsewhere. To conclude with for all Favours received, wishing you and Success, and may Heaven avert

We subscribe ourselves, Gentle-

men, your

Obliged humble Servant,

Note. Please to direct to ----- ----- --- St. Mary's

Church, Mr. ----- ----- being no longer our Secretary. —

We have between 30 and 40 separate Societies in Norwich, besides many in the Country Villages.

Sir,

Birmingham, March 25th, 1793.

At the Request of the Society for Constitutional Information I hereby acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter, whereby it appears that your Society have acceded to our Request, by electing the Parsons (whose Names you were furnished with) as associated Members in your Society, for which we beg you to accept our united Thanks, and best Wishes that your Society may go on to accumulate a Mass of true Patriots, whose Principles may not be subverted by Interest, or conquered by Fear.

This Society offers with Gratitude their Thanks and

Commendations to ----- ----- ----- ----- - , Esq. for the Present accompanying your Letter, but more particularly for his Zeal in the Cause of Freedom, which cannot be promoted but by the free use of the Press, which we trust will never be restrained from Britons. Another Letter accompanies this, containing a few Particulars which we doubt not you will peruse with Pleasure. Will write you further on that Subject shortly.

I am, &c.

----- -- — Sec.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information at Birmingham to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information at London.

Sir,

Sheffield, Committee Room of the Constitutional Society, April 17th 1793.

I am desired by the Committee to enclose you a printed Copy of the Petition agreed on by the Inhabitants here, to be presented to the House of Commons, for a Reform in Parliament, and the Address accompanying the same. Upwards of Five thousand Signatures are already affixed to it, and we have no Doubt there will be at least as many more.

I am, with great Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Constitutional Society at Sheffield to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Secretary to the Constitutional Society.

To the Secretary of the Corresponding Society, London.

P. S. Having no Direction to the Constitutional Whigs, Independents, and Friends of the People, and being desired by them " to convey future Favours " through the same Channel as the last," which was by your Means, beg you will send the other Letter which comes directed to you by the same Post, to — Secretary of said Society.

Sir, 16th April 1793.

We have to acknowledge, with great Satisfaction, the Letter which you favoured us with, dated the 5th Instant, relative to the most desirable of all other Objects, the Reform of a Parliamentary Representation. The Honour you' do us in supposing that we are

better

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information to the Secretary of the United Politic*! Societies at Norwich.

1

34 Geo. III.

707

Appendix E. better fitted than yourselves for the Promotion of Political Knowledge we must disclaim, because we observe with the greatest Pleasure that our Country Correspondents have too much Zeal and Information to want Success in their public Endeavours, whether at Norwich, at Sheffield, at Manchester, or elsewhere throughout the Nation. In our Sincerity for the Good of our Country we trust that we are all equal, and as such we doubt not of our ultimate Success.

We see, with Sorrow, the Existence of those Evils which you so justly represent as the Streams of Corruption overflowing this Once free and prosperous Country. We see, with Surprize and Abhorrence, that Men are to be found both able and willing to support those Corruptions. It is however no small Consolation to find that others are not wanting, in every Point of the Nation, of an opposite Character, who are ready to remedy, by all laudable and honourable Means, the Defect in our Representation, the usurped Extension of the Duration of Parliaments, and other Grievances, such as you notice in your Letter.

That the Constitution of England has no more of that Character it once possessed; that the supposed Democracy of the Country has become a Matter of Property and Privilege; and that we have therefore no longer that mixt Government which our Adversaries are praising, when they know it is no longer in our Possession, are Facts notorious and indisputable. Where, then, are we to look for the Remedy ? To that Parliament of which we complain? to the Executive Power, which is implicitly obeyed, if not anticipated, in that Parliament? or to ourselves, represented in some Meeting of Delegates for the extensive Purpose of Reform, which we suppose you understand by the Term Convention.

It is the End of each of these Propositions that we ought to look to; and as Success in a good Cause must be the Effect of Perseverance, and the rising Reason of the Time, let us determine with Coolness, but let us persevere with Decision. As to a Convention, we regard it as a Plan the most desirable and most practicable, so soon as the great Body of the People shall be courageous and virtuous enough to join us in the Attempt.

Hitherto we have no Reason to believe that the Moment is arrived for that Purpose. — As to any Petition to the Crown, we believe it hopeless in its Consequences. — With respect to the last of your Proposals, we are at a Loss to advise. If the Event is looked to in the Vote which may be obtained from that Body to whom this Petition is to be addressed, which of us can look to it without the Prospect of an absolute Negative ? In this Point of View therefore it cannot require a Moment's Consideration. But if we regard the Policy of such a Petition, it may, in our Apprehension, be well worth considering as a warning Voice to our present Legislators, and as a Signal for Imitation to the Majority of the People. Should such a Plan be vigorously and generally pursued, it would hold out a Certainty to our Fellow Countrymen that we are not a Handful of Individualsunworthy of Attention or Consideration, who desire the Restoration of the ancient Liberties of England; but, on the contrary, it might bring into Light that Host of well meaning Men, who, in the different Towns and Counties of this Realm, are silently but seriously anxious for Reformation in the Government.

We exhort you, with Anxiety, to pursue your laudable Endeavours for the common Good, and never to despair of the Public Cause.

We are, &c.

Signed by Order, in the Name of the Society for Constitutional Information.

— ..... — Secretary.

Vol. 49.

Committee Room of the Constitutional Society, Appendix E.

Sheffield, April 24th, 1793.

Sir,

I am desired by the Committee of this Society to Copy of a transmit you the annexed Resolutions, and to ask the printedLetter Opinion of your Society whether it may not be ex- from the Con-pedient for all the Societies in Great Britain to adopt ciety^at'sheT similar Resolutions, and to fix on a stated Time to field to the follow them up with Petitions or Remonstrances, or Secretary of both, against the present impolitic and ruinous War. the London — We think a Measure of this Kind, coming from so ws^ty." many Quarters of the Kingdom at the same Time, would not fail of having great Weight; and the pre- \ sent lamentable State of the Country demands that something effectual should be adopted towards its Relief. *,

Requesting as speedy an Answer as possible, I remain, with the greatest Respect, Sir,

Y our most obedient Servant,

----- ----- ---- Secretary,

PEACE.

At a General Meeting of the Constitutional Society of Sheffield, held on Friday the 12th of April 1793.

----- ----- --- in the Chair.

Resolved, That Peace is the Blessing, and War the Curse and Scourge of Nations; and that the present War is destructive of the Happiness, Commerce, and Liberties of this Country; that our Manufacturers and Merchants already deplore its wretched Effects, and that nothing short of an immediate Peace can save this Country from Ruin.

Resolved, That as the Motives alledged by the Executive MAGISTRATE for conducting War against the Republic of France no longer exist, we deem it improper that a defensive should be converted into an offensive War, and must eventually exhaust the Revenues, and spill the Blood of our Countrymen.

Resolved, That no Provocatives or Manifestoes of the French warrant us, during this unexampled Crisis of public and domestic Dangers, in the Prosecution of an offensive War, which is now becoming, we dread, the War of Kings, and not of their Subjects.

Resolved, That notwithstanding any previous Insults we may have offered to the Republic of France, it does not behove the Character of a generous Government to pursue with Vengeance those they hate and have injured.

Resolved, That as our Ally is by Public Authority declared to be no longer in Danger, as her Towns are repaired and garrisoned; and as the Re-conquest of Belgic Provinces form a potent Barrier to any present Projects of Invasion on the Part of the French, it is our Opinion that the British Troops ought to be recalled.

Resolved, That as an Alliance with the Kingdom of France was considered by William Pitt as of the greatest Importance to the Commerce and Happiness of this Country, it is the Opinion of this Society that it ought to be renewed with the Republic of France, more especially to prevent the ambitious Views of those confederate Despots who, at Pilnitz and Pavia, agree to share the Remnant of Poland, the Spoil of France, and of European Turkey.

' — — --- Chairman,

----- -- ----- --- Secretary.

Sheffield, Committee Room of the Constitutional Society, May 3d, 1793.

Sir,

l am desired by the Committee to acknowledge the Copy of Letter Receipt of your last Favour, and to thank you for the same. You will see by this, Copies of the Petitions rtitutionaiso- which we sent you, that we have taken the Step you sloetery

gO of the Coire-spondingSodety in London

708

& Junii.

A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

so warmly recommend, and which indeed you might well suppose, after our circular Letter on the Subject, we ought not to omit doing. We did it as the Act, not of the Society alone, but of the whole Town and Appendix E. Neighbourhood. There were nearly Ten thousand Signatures to it.

We have sent you herewith several Copies of the Resolutions we have entered into against the War, which we beg you will distribute in such Manner as you shall think best for the Purpose intended, and let U3 know, as soon as possible, how you approve them.

The Direction you sent before is as good a one as

you can have, to Mr. ----- ----, at — ....., Sheffield.

By Order, and in the Name of the Committee, 1 am, Sir,

Your very humble Servant, Secretary to the Constitutional Society.

g-r London, May 17th, 1793.

The London Corresponding Society eagerly seize the Opportunity of Mr. ----- ----- -going back to Edinburgh, to request of your Society a Renewal of Correspondence, and a more intimate Co-operation in that which both Societies alike seek, viz. a Reform in the Parliamentary Representation. We are very sensible that no Society can by itself bring about that desirable End; let us therefore unite as much as possible, not only with each other, but with every other Society throughout the Nation. Our Petitions, you will have learned, have been all of them unsuccessful; our.Attention must now therefore be turned to some more effectual Means. — From your Society we would willingly learn them, and you, on your Part, may depend upon our adopting the firmest Measures, provided they are Constitutional; and we hope the Country will not be behindhand with us.

This War has already opened the Eyes of many, and should it continue much longer, there is no answering for its Effects on the Mind of the People.

Our Society has met with much Persecution, nevertheless we go on increasing in Number and Political' Knowledge. Wishing you and our Cause all Success, we remain most cordially, Sir,

For the London Corresponding Society,

Your Friends and Fellow Labourers,

----- ----- ----- Chairman,

----- ----- ----- Secretary.

To the Friends of the People at Edinburgh.

Draft of a Letter from the London Corresponding Society to the Secretary of the Friends of the People at Edinburgh.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Friends of the People at Edinburgh to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Mr.

did me the Pleasure to call on Thurs-

day Afternoon, and delivered your Letter of the 17th Current. I am much pleased with the Contents of it, and shall lay it before the First Meeting of our Societies here, which however does not take Place till Monday Sevennight. I would have acknowledged the Receipt of your Favour by Yesterday's Post, but was too much employed in removing our Household to another Lodging to attend to any Thing else.

If either you in England or we in Scotland should attempt separately the Reform, which we, I trust, seek to obtain, we should by so doing only expose our Weakness, and manifest our Ignorance of the Corruption which opposes our important Undertaking. If we sought only the Extirpation of One Set of interested Men from the Management of National Affairs, that Place might be given to another Set, without affecting the Vitals of the System adverse to Reform, these might be easily accomplished; but to cut up deep and wide-rooted Prejudices, to give effectual Energy to the Dictates of Truth in Favour of Public Virtue and National Prosperity, in Opposition to Self and all its

interested Habits, and to withstand and overawe the Appendix E. final Efforts of the Powers of Darkness, is the Work of the Whole and not of a Part; a Work to winch Mankind, till this awful Period, were never adequate, because never, till now, disposed to fraternize, not merely, or only, I trust, from the Sense of the common Danger to which we are exposed, but from the ennobling Principle of Universal Benevolence.

I know no greater Service that I can do to my Country than to promote the Union you so wisely desire; and I am happy to assure you that I have hitherto discovered no Sentiment in our Association adverse to the most intimate and brotherly Union with the Associations in England.

I think the Minds of all must, in the Nature of Things, be now turned to more effectual Means of Reform. Not One Person was convinced of the Necessity of it by the most convincing Arguments of Reason, together with the most unequivocal Expressions of universal Desire. What then is to be hoped for from Repetition; I am only afraid that the Bow in England against Reform was so contracted that in returning it may break. You would willingly learn, you say, from us. I own that we ought to be forward in this. We have, at once, in great Wisdom perfected our Plan of Organization; and if we were in the same independent State of Mind as the People of England, we would be able to take the lead. The Associations with you are no more I fear — excuse my Freedom — than an Aristocracy for the Good of the People. They are indeed moderate, firm, and virtuous, and better cannot be; but we are the People themselves, and we are the first to shew that the People can both judge and resolve, if undirected by Faction, with both Wisdom and Moderation.

I have not a higher Wish in the present Exertions for Reform, than to see the People universally and regularly associated, because I am persuaded that the present disastrous Engagements will issue in Ruin, and the People then must provide for themselves; and it would be unhappy, when we should be ready to act with Unanimity, to be occupied about Organization, without which however Anarchy must ensue. We will not need but to be prepared for the Event, to " stand and see " the Salvation of the Lord." Let us therefore take the Hint given us by our Opposers; let us begin in earnest to make up our Minds relative to the Extent of Reform which we ought to seek; be prepared <0 justify it, and to controvert Objections; let us model the Whole in the Public Mind; let us provide every Stake and Stay of the Tabernacle which we would erect, so that when the Tabernacles of Oppression in the Palaces of Ambition are broken down, under the Madness and Folly of their Supporters, we may then, without Anarchy and all dangerous Delay, ei'ect at once our Tabernacle of Righteousness. And may the Lord himself be in it.

How hurtful to the Feelings of a reflecting Mind to look back to the wretched State in which the Roman Monarchy, enfeebled and broken by its own Corruption, left the Nation which it had subjected, like " Sheep without a Shepherd;" they soon became a Prey to every Invader, because there was none to gather and unite them. Had they, foreseeing the Evil, associated for mutual Defence, no Robber would have been able to enslave them; they would have given Laws to all Parties as well as to themselves; all separate Colonies and Nations would have sought their Alliance; but not having Virtue to associate, and heal the Divisions, and root out the selfish Spirit, which Ambition fostering Governments procure to their Subjects, they fell under Oppressions, from under whose Iron Sceptre they have never yet'been able to deliver themselves.

We may suppose an Event which we deprecate; nay, should we not be prepared for every possible

Issue

Appendix E.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Constitutional Society at Leeds to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

34 Geo. III. 6° yunii.

709

Issue of the present unprecedented Divisions of Mankind, we have a Right to be apprehensive of the Abilities of our own Managers, who are so afraid to depart from Precedent, that, like Men of Detail, they may be inadequate to the Task of preserving the Vessel from Shipwreck, now grappling with Danger, not only great, but new and uncommon. If the present Ministry fail, who after them shall be trusted; it requires little Penetration to see the Anarchy and Discord which will follow; it will be such that nothing short of a general Union among the People themselves will be able to heal; haste, therefore, to associate, at least to be ready to associate. If then, such a broken State of Things should take place, the civil Broils that would necessarily ensue would soon subside before the united irresistible Voice of the Whole. Do not, I intreat you, hesitate, thinking such a Work premature as yet; but a Month, and then it may be too late. A malignant Party may be already formed, and only waiting for the Halting of the present Managers; it will then be too late to seek to subject to Deliberation, after a Party has dared the Act of Rebellion. If you, go no farther than separate Meetings different Towns, we will not be able to confide in your Confraternity, because, while in such State, you may be but the Tools of a Faction. We could have all Confidence, and unite with all Affection, in One Assembly of Commissioners, from all Countries of the World, if we knew they were chosen by the unbiassed Voice of the People, because they would come up with the same disinterested Views apd Desires as ourselves, having all agreed to a common Centre of Union and Interest; but we could not confide in Fellow Citizens who keep aloof from such Union, and would not previously affiliate in one great and indivisible Family.

In troubling you with so long an Epistle I have at least shewn my Inclination to correspond. I have also hinted at Things which appear to me the present Subjects of Consideration, because I am desirous of your Opinion upon them. I -have possibly wrote with too much Freedom, but you will place it to Account of Zeal in the Cause, and on this Score discharge my Design, which is disinterested and philanthropic.

With sincere Esteem and Affection,

I am, Sir,

Your Well wisher,

W. SKIRVING, Sec.

Delegate Meeting of the Constitutional Society.

Leeds, May 28th, 1793.

Sir,

By Request of the Sheffield Society, that the Leeds Constitutional Society would correspond with all the Societies in Great Britain and Scotland, and receive Directions from them for that Purpose,

We, the Members of the Leeds Constitutional Society, beg Leave to address these few Lines to you, hoping that your paternal Affection for your Fellow Mortals, of whatever Description, may induce you to admit to Fraternization a few poor Mechanics, Friends of Liberty, but Enemies to Anarchy. Aristocratic Tyranny and Democratic Ignorance seem to pervade and overawe the Town of Leeds to that amazing Degree, that in the general we are beheld more like Monsters than the Friends of the People, and I believe that these Six Months past the ignorant Part of the People (through the Insinuations of the Aristocracy and the Priests) have expected us to fall on them and destroy them; but since the 1 ith of April last, the Time we had the Opportunity of publishing our Address and Declaration, and our steady and uniform Conduct, the People begin to behold us with new Eyes, and we begin to increase in our Numbers, and we hope, ere long, the Persons they took for their greatest Enemies will be looked on as their best Friends.

We have herewith sent you a Copy of our Address and Declaration, and shall be glad if you think it worth your Notice to correspond with a Company of poor Mechanics. We shall ever gratefully acknowledge all Favours.

Our Numbers amount to near Two thousand, and we constantly keep increasing, and, in general, are very regular in their Conduct; but though through Predominancy of the Aristocracy they have been overawed, that they scarce durst tell their Neighbours they were their Friends; but I hope the Clouds are dispersing, and the glorious Sun of Liberty is approaching to its Meridian.

I remain, in the Name, and by Order of the Society,

Sir, Yours, &c.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

'---- V.

Appendix E.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Constitutional Society at Leeds to the Society for Constitutional Information.

Secretary of the Constitutional Society, Leeds.

Delegate Meeting of the Constitutional Society.

Leeds, May 30th, 1793.

Sir, .

By Request of the Sheffield Society, and having received Directions from them for the Purpose of corresponding with all the Societies in England and Scotland,

We, the Members of the Leeds Constitutional Society, in order to obtain the desired End of Parliamentary Reform, desire fraternal Communication with the Corresponding Society in London.

We shall be glad of any Information or Instruction in your Power on all Occasions, and hope you will find the Leeds Society always faithfid to the Interests of the People; and though they are but few, not exceeding Two hundred, they are Men, and are determined to exert their utmost in order to instruct their Neighbours in their common Interest.

With this we send you a Copy of our Address and Declaration, and shall ever acknowledge all Favours from you.

Wishing the Cause of Freedom, in which we have embarked, every Degree of Success,

I remain, in the Name and by Order of the Society,

Vol. 49.

Sir, 10th June 1793.

It is with singular Satisfaction the Committee of the Draft of a London Corresponding Society received your Letter; Leturfrom they are very glad to see the Spirit of Freedom spring- the London ing up in Birmingham, and they make no Doubt but Cor^8P°"d* that the Zeal of your Society, and the Encrease of your to*the Secre-Numbers, will soon do away the Stigma thrown on tary of the your Town by the unjustifiable Behaviour of a Church Constitu-and King Mob. We are entirely of your Opinion ^Binnin'g'^ with Regard to the Necessity of a general Union; and *

we believe as you do, that when once the Country shall have been so united, the Neros of the Day will be forced to yield to the just Demand of a long and sore oppressed People.

With Pleasure we accept your proffered Correspondence, and earnestly beg of you to let us hear from your Society by every Opportunity. We wish likewise you would point out to us some safe Mode of Conveyance for such Informations and Publications as we may think necessary to be transmitted to you. The Post we no Ways rely on, as many of our Letters have already been intercepted.

If any of the Members of your Society should have Occasion to visit this Metropolis, we hope you will not let him come without a Letter from you, and that while they stay here they will frequently assist at the Meetings of our several Divisions, and by thus associating

8 S comn^ncc

710

6° Jun

A. 1794.

Second Re- commence an Union which we hope soon to s& spread port from itself all over Britain.

ofSecrec*6 We W*M not enter into a Detail of our Grievances;

°--ry,‘-. we are equally well informed thereon, and all alike

Appendix E. thoroughly convinced that nothing short of Annual Parliaments and Universal Suffrage can restore to us that Degree of Civil Liberty we are justly entitled to, &c. &c.

To

Secretary to the Society for

Copy of a Letter from the Political Societies at Norwich to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society. Received 25 June, 1793. Answered 25 July, 1793.

Birmingham

Constitutional Information.

The Political Societies of Norwich.

Sir,

I lately received your Letter from Mr.

dated

Copy of a Letter from the Hertfordshire Society to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

April 22d, which through Multiplicity of Business, we have omitted to answer — hope you will excuse the Delay. We also received your friendly prior to that

wherein you stated Three Propositions; First, a Petition to His Majesty, or to Parliament, or a National Convention, and ordered One of our Committee to answer it; — should be glad if you will inform me whether it was attended to; — Igave my Opinion on the Subject to the Constitutional Society of London, and found their Ideas congenial to my own, viz. an Address to the King — futile; a Petition to Parliament (as a conquered People) — tolerable', a National Convention (if Circumstances admitted) — best of all. To what an alarming Crisis are we arrived — the Junto is formed and established, — the People become a Prey, and (to adopt the Phrase of an Hibernian Apostate) are treated as the Swinish Multitude, except the Privilege of fattening. Wars must commence at the Caprice of Individuals; People torn from their Houses to be butchered; Windmills must be attacked at the Risk of being carried over and dashed to Atoms; the Nation drained of its Sustenance to support a League, &c. &c. &c. Many Epithets may with great Propriety be applied, excepting such as Fox, Sheridan, Grey, Erskine, Lansdowne, Lauderdale, Stanhope, Paine, Priestly, Tooke, Wharton, Macleod, Barlow, Mackintosh, Cooper, besides many who have suffered under the Iron Hand of &c. and when the People have complained, and humbly requested a Removal of Abuses, they have been treated with Insult. Alas! where is the Majesty of the People? An indifferent Observer would suppose it to centre in Stars and Garters, Ribbons and costly Apparel, Palaces, Coaches and Horses, with all the Trumpery of puerile Amusement; — and were it not for their accursed Consequences, we could bear with it; — but when we consider how many sweat and toil and starve to support it, how can we be persuaded but that there is a Contrivance between the Land Owners and the Merchant to hold the People in Vassalage; for they eat up the People as they eat Bread; — the Influence of the Aristocracy and Hierarchy is become very alarming, for they have absorbed and swallowed up the People; but a Rumour is spread from the South, and it is terrible to Tyrants', — it stings their Mind, — it galls their Flesh, and like Pashur, are a Terror to themselves lest the People should assert their Rights.

Yours, &c.

Sir, Hertford, July 5th, 1793.

Owing to some Mistake in the Post, your Letter did not arrive till after the Meeting of the Hertfordshire Society in April last had taken place, I therefore had not an Opportunity of laying it before the Society till their General Meeting of Monday last. I am directed by the Society to acknowledge the Receipt of your Favour, and to assure you, that they shall be happy to co-operate with the London Corresponding Society for the Attainment of the common Object of Parliamentary Reform, so far as the Views of the Two

7

Societies are compatible; with Regard to the Rights of AppendixE. Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments, we do not pledge ourselves to demand them. Without however entering into Reasoning on the Subject, which would admit of much more Discussion than the' Limits of a Letter would allow, tjiey are convinced that the common Object of the Two Societies is the same, and that the Mode in which they both wish to obtain that Object is the same also, by Constitutional Means; they will therefore be happy in receiving any Communication from the London Corresponding Society. Perseverance and Union are the Means by which Parliamentary Reform must be obtained. They shall not, they trust, be found deficient in the One, and are at all Times disposed to cultivate the other.

I have the Honour to be

Your obedient humble Servant,

----- ----- -- Secretary.

All Letters to the Society are to be addressed to ----- ----- , Hertford.

July 6th, 1793.

Fellow Citizen,

Am commissioned by this Society, as being Secretary, to thank you for your Favour of the Letter and Pamphlets — they are happy to find the Existence of such Associations as yours for the Attainment of so laudable a Purpose as that of a Parliamentary Reform, and hope to see them more general throughout the Kingdom — they think it high Time for the People in this Country to look into Things, and keep a stricter Watch over their Rights and Liberties than they have Hitherto, lest they should be undermined, especially when Abuses so glaring are perpetually staring them in the Face, which the most prejudiced and interested will not but allow.

As you wished to be informed respecting our Society, shall give you a concise View of it. We call it the Society for Political aind Moral Information — we have a Set of Articles for the conducting of it. — Monthly and Quarterly Meetings for the proposing of Books, and settling the Secretary's Accounts — we take in a Periodical Work called The Patriot, and a Town and Country Newspaper.

We have no Correspondence with any Society; but would gladly, were it not for the Prejudice that prevails, which to be sure has in some Measure subsided, and the Smallness of our Number; but however we shall be glad to receive a Line from you when any Thing particular occurs. — The burning of Thomas Paine's Effigy, together with the blessed Effects of the present War, has done more good to the Cause than the most substantial Arguments; 'tis amazing the Increase of Friends to Liberty, and the Spirit of Enquiry that is gone abroad; scarcely an old Woman but is talking Politics. We have made the best Use of your Pamphlets. The Society desire their Respects and good Wishes for your Health, including my own, and remain,

Your Fellow Citizen, and Co-operator in the glorious Cause of Liberty,

Sir,

I am desired by the Committee of this Society to transmit you the annexed Resolutions, and hope you will receive the same as a Token of their Respect, Copies of which are sent to the several Societies mentioned in the Resolutions.

We have received a Letter with a Petition from Glasgow to His Majesty, praying that He would take the present alarming State of the Nation into His most serious Consideration, and use the utmost of His

Endeavours

Copy of a Letter from Tewkesbury to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Constitutional Society at Leeds to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information.

Appendix E.

Draft of a Letter from the London Corresponding Society, to the Secretary to the Political Societies at Norwich.

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

Til

Endeavours to restore to us the Blessings of Peace, which I believe will be followed from Leeds with a similar Petition, and if followed up from all other Places, perhaps, might have the most salutary Effect.

I am,

With the greatest Respect,

In the Name and by Order of the Society, Sir,

Leeds, Your most obedient Servant

July 21st, 1793. ——

Leeds Constitutional Society.

At a Meeting of Delegates of the said Society, on the 26th Day of June instant;

It was Resolved, That the Thanks of this Society be given to Charles Grey, Esquire, and the rest of the illustrious Minority who supported his Motion on the 6th and 7th of May last for a Parliamentary Reform.

That the Decision of the Representative Body on the above Motion should only act with the People as a Cementer of the Bonds of Fellowship and Unanimity; and that this Society think it their Duty, and are determined, in Conjunction with all the Societies in Great Britain, to persevere until they have obtained the Object of their Association.

That the Thanks of this Society be given to the Society of the Friends of the People, for their laborious Endeavours to procure Information on the Subject of Parliamentary Reform, and for the Publication of the same, as well as the liberal Present lately received from them, and to the different Societies which have expressed their Desires for Affiliation with this Society, particularly those of London, Sheffield, Birmingham, and Glasgow.

That the Secretary do notify the above Resolutions to Mr. Grey, and the several Societies respectively; and that these Resolutions be published in one of the Leeds and one of the London Papers.

----- --- - ----- President.

— ----- --- Secretary.

London, 25th July 1793.

Fellow Citizen,

The London Corresponding Society have received and read with Pleasure your Letter of the 25th of June, but the Answer which you mention to have been made to our Three Questions has not yet come to Hand. We shall be glad to be informed in your next whether it was ever put in the Post Office.

With regard to the Questions themselves, however Individuals may have made up their Minds on them, the Public seemed most to approve the Mode of petitioning Parliament. We accordingly acquiesced, and sent a Petition, signed by near 6,000 Persons. With this Letter you will receive a Copy of it; and with its Fate you are doubtless not unacquainted.

While we agree with you that the People are treated like Swine, we are forced to acknowledge that some among them, from their Sloth and Ignorance, scarcely deserve better Usage; however, unceasingly labouring to meliorate their Condition as well as our own, and convinced that a thorough Parliamentary Reform is the only Means of effectuating it, we firmly pursue our Purpose, and in the most conspicuous Manner, under the Eye of the Court, in the Middle of the Metropolis, and in the very Nest of Place and Pension Hornets, the Tavern where Reeves, the Tool of the Junto, holds his inquisitorial Tribunal, have lately held a General Meeting of the Society, sent forth an Address to the Nation, and entered into some spirited Resolutions, a few Copies of which we desire you to accept and promulgate as far and as wide as you can; at the same Time Vo l. 4<9.

rest assured that the Firmness displayed therein is not Second Re-confined to Words, but that on every Occasion our So- port from ciety will be found foremost in asserting and recovering S.0?*11®6 the Liberties of their Country. 0 recy‘

Exhorting you, therefore, to throw aside all unavail- Appendix E. ing Complaint, we wish you to occupy yourselves in instructing the People, in introducing and maintaining Order and Regularity in your own Society, and forming a Junction with all others associated for the same Purpose throughout the Nation, by keeping up a constant Correspondence with them; but, above all, orderly and courageously preparing yourself for the Event; for as it is natural to suppose that those who now prey on the Public will not willingly yield up their Enjoyments, nor re-possess us of our Rights without a Struggle, which, by their Behaviour in Ireland, we have some Reason to think they are meditating, and perhaps may intend to effect by means of those very foreign Mercenaries who are now paid with the Sweat of our Brow, and whom, under some plausible Pretence, it would be no difficult Matter to land on our Shore — It may be more advantageous to Humanity to shew them at first, that their Opponents are neither Mob nor Rabble, but an indignant oppressed People, in whom is not yet entirely extinct the Valour of their Forefathers.

Union and Increase being then our only Resources, let us diligently exert ourselves therein with Zeal and Patience, removing Ignorance and Prejudice, with Firmness and a consistent Behaviour encouraging those who join us; and, above all, avoiding little Bickerings among ourselves, ever discountenancing selfish Jealousies and private Animosities, and cordially joining with Heart and Hand in the comtpon Cause.

Your Neighbourhood must severely feel the dreadful Consequences of an iniquitous, depopulating, and ruinous War, but you are not the only Sufferers; from various Parts of the Country we learn, that the War abroad has already spread Desolation at home; yet such is the Blindness of some Folks, that they talk of its being continued for Years. Peace we wish to all Men, but to such Friends Destruction. Let us hear from you soon, and let our future Correspondence be more regular. We are, with Sincerity,

Fellow Citizen, for the London Corresponding Society,

as

Your Friends and Fellow Labourers for the Good of our Country,

30th July 1793.

Fellow Citizen,

The London Corresponding Society have at once to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of the 30th May, and to apologize for not having answered it sooner; but by Accident it was for some Time mislaid, and the Multiplicity of Business upon our Hands occasioned a still further Delay.

Highly approving of the Directions given you by the Sheffield Society for Constitutional Information, to correspond with every Society in Great Britain, we joyfully accept your Overture, and shall' not in future fail to improve the Acquaintance; at the same Time, being Inhabitants of the Metropolis, and forming a Society which has undergone some Degree of Political Warfare, and thereby acquired Experience, we will, as Occasion offers, most fraternally gifre you every Advice and Information in our Power; but as you already have the Assistance of the Sheffield Society, there will remain little for us to do that Way.

Let not the Smallness of your Number deter you

from arduously pursuing your Plan. Reason makes - sure

Draft of a Letter from the Lonoon Correspond-, ing Society, to the Secretary of the Constitutional Society at Leeds.

712

6° fu

A. 1794

Second Re- sure though slow Progress, and having once gained a port from Footing in the Human Mind can never be eradicated.

°< Your Address and Declaration have likewise been Appendix E. mislaid, and as yet we have been unable to recover them, therefore beg you will, with your next, send us another Copy.

To return to ourselves, we have made a Stand against the Pl^ce and Pension Clubs; we have been abused in the Senate, calumniated in Public, persecuted in private, and worried out of public Houses, yet (we continue meeting numerously entire) our Demands are such that no One has dared to deny their Consonance with the Principles of the Constitution, and our Doctrine makes numerous Proselytes, and

f-eatly increases the number of those who may with ruth be styled the Friends of their Country in particular, and of Mankind in general. We petitioned Parliament, and they were forced to admit our Petition, although they would not grant what it required; in short, we strengthen so much, that on 8 of this Month we had a General Meeting of the Society at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, the very Place where Reeves and his Accomplices meet. — He met there at the same Time in a Room under us, and, together with his Associates, swallowed a copious Draught of Mortification in seeing our Meeting so well conducted and so numerously attended; we say numerously, for having limited the Number of Admission Tickets to 700, many who had been dilatory in providing themselves were unavoidably excluded.

Inclosed you have Copies of our Petition to Parliament, of our Two first Addresses, of our Correspondence with Mr. Francis, of Mr. Whartons Motion in the House of Commons on the 31st May, and of the Address to the Nation, and the Resolutions we published

at our ----- --- General Meeting. You will therein

discover all that we wish to obtain, and what we will fully obtain ere we cease to be a Society, notwithstanding the Attempt now making in Ireland, and meant to be introduced into Great Britain. We invite you most cordially to co-operate with us, and even, if our Rules and Pursuit meet your entire Approbation, and you have no . particular Attachment to the Name you have adopted, it might advantage the Cause were you to incorporate yourselves with us, and go under one common Denomination. This however is only an Idea thrown out for your Consideration. You are at perfect Liberty to notice it or not. We are with Sincerity your Fellow . Labourers,

&c. &c.

Draft of a Letter fron. the London Correspond* ing Society to Hertford.

Sir,

London, 31st July, 1793.

Your Letter of the 5th Instant we have laid before the London Corresponding Society, who, sincerely anxious to promote the Cause of Freedom and Humanity, by uniting and corresponding with the Friends to Reform, directed us to answer you with all convenient Speed; but Business multiplying fast on our Hands, both from the rapid Increase of our own Society, and from the vast Number of Country Societies Weekly starting up, and who require at our Hands a regular Correspondence, we have been prevented from being so exact as we could wish; die latter Impediment however is far from inauspicious, as it may fairly be attributed to the Diffusion of Political Knowledge causing Men more seriously to reflect on the ruinous Measures now pursued, which become more, unpopular proportionally as they become more unwise.

We receive, with Pleasure, your Assurance of cooperating with us, for a Reform in Parliament, an Object to which all our Endeavours tend, and on which our Hearts are invariably fixed; but as your Declamation, that " you will not pledge yourselves to demand Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments," Appendix E. is followed by no specific Plan of Reform of your own, we are under some Difficulty how to conclude —

Perhaps, as Strangers, you write to us with that prudent Reserve which is sometimes necessary; and that Idea receives Strength from your appearing afterwards convinced that the common Object of the Two Societies is the same, which we readily admit; but as mutual Confidence is the Basis of Union, and the only rational Pledge and Support for co-operative Exertion, wre trust your next will do away every Difficulty.

With respect to Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments, a mature Conviction of their Justice and Necessity for the Preservation of Liberty and Prosperity to the great Body of the People, and for securing the Independence of Parliament, was our primary In-. ducement to associate. We therefore candidly assure you, that these our Principles, as already announced to the Public, remain immutable. Unconnected with any Party whatever, we can consider no Reform radical but such as will enable every Individual of the Community to enjoy the Advantages thereof equally with ourselves; for if Ignorance of the Nature of Go-. vemment, or the Merits of the Candidates, be an Argument against Universal Suffrage, as our Opponents . pretend, the same Reasons would equally incapacitate a great Majority of those who now enjoy that Privilege, to the Exclusion of very many Thousands much better informed than themselves — not to mention, that under a more equalized Mode of Government, the People would be at once induced and impowered to improve themselves in useful Knowledge. — In a Word,

we know no Principle, consistent with Justice or Reason, by which we could exclude conscientiously any Part of the Community from an Equality of Rights and Privileges, which every Member of Society, as he contributes to its Support, ought equally to enjoy.

With respect to Annual Parliaments, we will just remark that good Members may be re-elected, whilst Twelve Months we think fully sufficient for the Welfare of Millions to remain at the Mercy of a bad Representative. — Having thus unequivocally stated our Principles, we shall conclude by observing, that the Bill just passed in Ireland is of a Nature to awaken the Jealousy of every Friend to Freedom and Humanity, will render every Exertion justifiable, should a similar Attack upon Constitutional Freedom be attempted here. We shall be happy to unite in the closest Bonds of Union with the Hertford Society, and hope, as they have no Party Views, that in a very short Space of Time they will think entirely as we do on the Subject of Parliamentary Reform.

We are, &c. &c.

On the 8th July, we had a General Meeting of the Society at the Crown and Anchor Tavern in the Strand.

Reeves and his Associates were at the same Time in the Room beneath us. We send you a few Copies of the Address that was then published.

London, 3d August 1793.

Fellow Citizens,

Your Letter of the 6th July has been laid before the Committee of Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, and it is with great Pleasure they see an Infant Society starting up in your Part of the Country. Go on and prosper; no Assistance shall be wanting on our Part as to Information, Instruction, or any other Thing in which we can be useful to you — we herewith send you Copies of most of our Publications since we have been a Society — may they be of Service!

We recommend to you to peruse attentively our first Address, and the Rules which are annexed to it;

it

Draft of t Letter from the London Corresponding Society, to the Tewkesbury Society.

34 Geo. III. 6° Junii.

713

Appendix E. it will likewise be adviseable for you to abide entirely by a thorough Parliamentary Reform, as is therein expressed, and to pay great Attention to the Instruction of your Neighbours in their Political Rights, for which Purpose Weekly Meetings, if they could conveniently take place, would prove more advantageous than your Meeting only Once a Month; and if you thought it might facilitate your Progress, the London Corresponding Society empower us to inform you, that they will willingly incorporate your Society with ours, under the Tiue of The Corresponding Society in Tewkesbury; and if so, our Rules will become yours, our Intelligence will be the same, and our Correspondence Weekly and regularly carried on — but then our Mode of Proceeding must be entirely alike, and no Reserve must take place between us. We imagine some other Societies in other Parts of the Country will fall into the same Plan, and it need not be pointed out to you how much more forcible such a Junction would render every Thing that comes from us; but before you do it you must acquaint us with your Design, in order that we may give you every Instruction necessary. Farewell, Fellow Citizens, and firmly rely on the Assistance and sincere Friend-

Your's, sincerely.

London, 15th August 1793.

Sir,

Draftofa Let- The London Corresponding Society, after so long

ter from the an Interruption in their Correspondence with you, responding" anx'ous*y wish to renew and to render it more in-Society, appa- teresting, firmly persuaded that the Connection be-rently intend- tween the different Societies in Great Britain cannot ed*? be8ent be too closely cemented — to that End they beg you Softies."1 will point out a safer Mode of Conveyance for our Letters than the Post, and wish you, in Answer to this, to give us the fullest Account of your Progress, and of the State of Affairs in your Department. Continuing in a slow but steady Pace the Career which we have begun, we are nearly certain that although the Number of our Members do not increase so rapidly as from the Population of the Metropolis we might have expected, yet our Principles make their Way among the Public, and many Thousands, who from Connection, Interest, &c. may be afraid or cautious of joining us overtly, notwithstanding are our staunch Friends in private. — You very likely do not labour under the same Difficulties that we do, who are situated in the very Centre of Corruption; and we have no Doubt but that the Increase of your Society keeps Pace with the Increase of those National Calamities which ever must result from an unjust War.

Viewing with Indignation the Oppression so generally exercised all over the Nation, against every Individual suspected of favouring the Cause of the People, and lamenting the gross Ignorance under which the People in general labour, with regard to their Rights and Duties when called upon to serve on Juries, we have determined to re-publish, with the Addition of a few Notes and an Appendix, a most excellent Pamphlet, which made its first Appearance about One hundred Years ago, and was written by that eminent Lawyer and honest Man, Sir John , Solicitor General

to King William; we therefore wish to know whether your Society would be inclined to circulate a Number of them in your Neighbourhood, and, if so, you will not delay to give us your Orders for as many as you would have sent you; and as we seek merely to defray the Expences of the printing, the Committee have fixed the Price so low as Twenty-five Shillings per Hundred.

Vol. 49.

Entreating you to give us an early Answer, we re- Second Remain, for the London Corresponding Society

List of Societies annexed, viz.

Derby,

Stockport,

Manchester Ref.

Manchester Const.

Sheffield Const.

Nottingham.

Coventry, 20th August 1793.

Citizen

I received your Favour, together with the printed Re- Copy of a solutions of your respectable Society, on the 1 ith. I did not arrive here only on the 10th at Night, not being able secretary to leave Birmingham before that Day. of the London

Please to inform your Society that I believe I may Correspond-be able to establish a Society in this despotic Town — ing Society. We have drawn up our Address, Declaration, Resolutions, and are ordered to be printed, w'hich I hope will be done this Week.

We have adopted your last Resolutions, which you s favoured me by the Post.

I will bring these printed with me to London, as I hope to visit your Society as soon as I can leave this Society in Safety. — They want strengthening, and will have a Public Meeting next Tuesday, and we expect much Opposition from the Corporation; and as I am chose President, I will wait to receive the Hire of this Ministerial Badge of Corruption.

I shall be glad if your Society could send an encouraging Letter to this Infant Society by that Time.

I remain, with the greatest Regard and Esteem, your Society's Friend and Brother, labouring in the Field of Reform, unsolicited by any Party whatever.

I am, dear Citizen, in the greatest Sincerity and Truth, your Fellow Citizen and Friend to the Human Race.

P. S. You will, no Doubt, exhort them to fear no Power of Corruption, let those Powers be ever so great; but to pursue the Reform with a manly and steady Perseverance, unitedly with every similar Institution in Great Britain, and let us not suffer our Society to perish, but rather let us all die together for the Good of our Brother Man; fearing no Persecution whatever on the Side of Corruption, or that Ministerial Vengeance can bring against those who are using their utmost Exertions in the common Cause of Freedom, or are promoting Love and Good Will to the Human Race.

N. B. I shall be obliged to you if you will be so obliging to provide a Room in some private Family for myself and Wife, at a moderate Expence. — I wish to be in London in Fourteen Days.

Dear Sir, London, 5th October 1793.

With Pleasure I peruse your Favour of the 2d In- Draft of a stant; but as yet have seen nor heard nothing of the Two Copies of Mr. Muir's Trial which you mention as of|j,e London being sent to the Society, and to myself. Be kind Comspond-enough, notwithstanding, to return that Gentlemen "jjf Soc*ety Thanks for his polite Attention; and asure him, that Mr' kuTlnf‘ we view him in the* Light of a Martyr to Freedom, as well as Mr. Palmer; and that our warmest Hopes are that the Oppressors of Mankind will either be ashamed or afraid of carrying their revengeful Malice into Execution.

The General Convention which you mention appears to Mr. Margarot (to whom alone I have com-

8 T municated

port from Committee of Secrecy.

' ----- v----

Appendix E.

Second Report from

of Secrecy. Appendix K-

Copy of a Letter from Coventry to Person in London,

714

nnuacptfid your Letter) and myself, to fee a very excellent M*asar$; and «3 such J could wish you without Delay, to communicate it Officially to our Society, without any Ways mentioning that you had written to me privately. If in your, official Letter you should require us to send a Deputation to that Meeting, I have no doubt but our Society would with Pleasure accept the Invitation, and I am persuaded it may do much good. Our Freedom, as you justly observe, depends entirely upon ourselves, and upon our availing ourselves of this Opportunity, which once lost may not be so soon recovered.--I am glad to discover by your Testimony that I was no Ways mistaken in the high Opinion 1 always had of Lord Doer's Patriotism. A Title may be a Bar to disinterested Patriotism; but, -it seems, he has evinced it to be pot an insuperable one.

You are right — it is true that we have had another General Meeting, at which a hastily composed and suddenly produced Address to the King was read, -applauded, and agreed to be presented; but on a cool Revisal, the said Address being found to be more ill-natured than spirited, more dangerous in its Language than advantageous in its Object, besides being too long, the Committee, with the Approbation of the Majority of the Society, have adopted another, much safer, more apposite, and relating solely to the War. Enclosed you have a Copy of it. But you was misinformed when you was told we passed any Resolutions at that Meeting, for we only came to One, and that rather of a private Nature, namely, " That the Conduct of Sir James " derson, in preventing the Meeting of the London " Corresponding Society at the Globe Tavern, Fleet " Street, was of such a Nature as to place him below our " Censure."

I am, most sincerely,

Your Fellow Labourer and Well Wisher,

P. S. Mr. Margarot desires to be remembered to you In the most affectionate Manner. Do not in future, on the Address of your Letter, mention any Thing of the (London Corresponding Society) for it was a Thousand to One that I received that Letter by Post.

To Mr. Skirting , Edinburgh.

Coventry, October 23d, 1793.

Citizen ——

The Reason why I did not answer your Letter of last Week was this; I thought you would like to be informed how our Society was going on, therefore I Yesterday passed a Meeting at Hi wit's, which was last Night well attended, and several new Members admitted; and I am informed by some of the Members, that we shall have many more Candidates for Admission next Night. My Expectations of our Success in our new Enterprize becomes more sanguine than ever.

I have received from Mr. ----- ----- -- Two Letters, and

a Parcel of their Publications, which I distributed last Night, likewise those which we received by you from the London Corresponding Society, for which our Society desired I would return their Thanks to Citizens

— r —: — mid ----- ----. I intend to send inclosed in a

Box Tomorrow Evening, by Balloon Coach, about

50 more Copies of our Address.es to Citizen ----- ----- -,

in order that he may dispose of them among the different Divisions of the Corresponding Society; I shall likewise inclose a few addressed to Mr. ----- ---, Secre-

tary to the Constitutional Society, London, which we shall be obliged to you to present to him, and request him to sanction our Efforts in the Public Cause with their Correspondence.

I shall likewise send you your Umbrella, Carriage paid, by the Coach, Tomorrow Evening.

shall he obliged to Citizen — 7 ----- ----- if he could

favour us with a few more of their Publications, par-4

A. 1704.

tjcuiarly their " Add cess to the Nation," and likewise Appendix*, a few of the Spngs which begin with God save the " Rights of Man, &c."

I am, with Respects to Mrs.. — ---, &c.

Your sincere Friend and Fellow Citizen,

Sheffield, Committee Room of the Constitutional Society, November 1st, 1793.

Sir,

Your Letter, and the ^feesolution. of the Society for Copy of» Constitutional Information in London, are this Moment rom delivered to me by Mr. Ashton, in Answer to which I to the Consfo sit down instantly to inform you that the Society has tutional So-already transmitted its Sentiments to the Secretary of ciety at Shes-the Convention at Edinburgh, Mr. Skirting, and de- |^d theof dined sending a Delegation for Reasons which I will ^Sodety transcribe in the Words of our Letter — " That it for Constituwould have given this Society the most heartfelt tionalloforSatisfaction to have had a Delegation present at mationtheir approaching Convention, had we received timely " Notice of their Wishes that it should be so — but " it unfortunately happens, that all the Gentlemen " belonging to the Society, which it would chuse " for so important a Business, ^.re so previously engaged in Affairs which they cannot possibly postpone " in so short an Interval, that it is not in our Power " to comply with their Requisition on the present " Occasion.

" This Society are also of Opinion, that to give " such a Measure its full Effect, it would be necessary " that the other Societies in South Britain should " have Communication with each other on the Subject,

" and be able to ascertain that Deputations would

be sent from at least a Majority of the Societies " in this Part of the Kingdom. And to evince that " we should be happy to unite our Efforts with theirs " in One firm and settled Ran, we assure them, that " if they think proper to fix another Meeting in January " or February, or any other Time which may be mofe " agreeable, and give us immediate Notice thereof,

" and that they wish to see Delegates from the several " Sodeties in this Part of the Kingdom, we will write 11 to all those we are in Correspondence w^ith, to get M such a Delegation as may be truly respectable and " important."

'The above Extract will evince to you, Sir, and the Society for Constitutional Information, how far your Proceeding meets with our Approbation. There is a worthy Member of this Society and of the Committee, and I believe also of the Committee of Twelve, admitted into your Sodety, Citizen Alcock, now in London, and I doubt not but he has, before this will reach you, given you the whole Information herein contained; but so scrupulously exact am I in answering every Letter on Public Business, that I will not trust to him, though I know he is particularly desirous of being introduced to you.

I was chosen Secretary, pro Tempore, to answer the Letter from Mr. Skirting, and therefore continue the Office thus much farther, not to keep you in Suspence, as the Committee will not meet again before Wednesday next, and Two or Three of the Members, who have seen your Letter before I did, sent to request I would do so.

I cannot close this Letter without remarking, that all the Societies we are in Correspondence with have been remarkably remiss in their Communications for several Months past; to many we have addressed more than One or Two without receiving any Answers.

This Society has been very active, and particularly in publishing, by which several Individuals have suffered considerably, as the Burthen has fallen chiefly on them. We have many Thousand Members, but a vast Majority of them being working Men, the War, which has deprived many of them of all Employment,

and

(90 Jun

Appendix E.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Constitutional Society at Leeds to the Secretary to the Society for Constitutional Information at London.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information at Birmingham to the Secretary of the Society for Constitutional Information at London.

34 Geo. III. 6° Junh.

715

and almost every One of H his Earnings, we have been crippled more than any other in the Kingdom. — We have the Satisfaction to know that toe have done great Good, but I fear we must content ourselves with good Intentions and Wishes in future, as our Funds are not only exhausted, but the Society is considerably in Debt, and that Debt must fall on a few who have stood forward on every Occasion with their Zeal, their active Efforts, and their Credit.

It appears to me, that if the Societies do not ber come more active, and more united in their Efforts in the Time to come, what they have done hitherto will be rendered useless, and arbitrary Power will trample on all that is dear and valuable to Freemen. The Measures lately adopted in the Sister Kingdom, Measures as opposite to, and incompatible with a Free Constitution as Fire and Water, and since followed up by the most slavish and horrid Doctrines in the Courts in Scotland, have hitherto been viewed only with a Degree of Apathy by the great Bodies of the Kingdom, which we little Folks in the Country look up to for Examples, stiling themselves Patriotic, such as " The Society for Constitutional Information in London," " The Friends of the People, Ditto," " The " Friends to the Liberty of the Press," that we begin almost to think here, it is Time to nip those Buds of Freedom which were beginning to blossom with so much Luxuriance, lest they should be exposed to the Danger of being blighted by those torpid Frosts which appear to have chilled every animating Influence in those great Barriers which we looked to for Defence and Protection.

I assure you, my good Sir, nothing is further from my Intention than to give the smallest Offence — I am a staunch Democrat, and speak my Mind freely; and I hope you will consider what I have hinted at the Supineness which appears at present to possess too great a Sway, as merely the Effect of that Warmth and Zeal for the great Cause we are both strenuous to support and forward, the Cause of Freedom and Parliamentary Reform. I am, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Secretary, pro Tempore, to the Constitutional Society, Sheffield.

Sir,

Your's of the 89th I received, and laid it before tha Committee of the Leeds Society on Monday the 4th of tjiis Instant.

It is with great Satisfaction we read your Letter, and approve of your having elected your Delegates to serve upon such a laudable an Undertaking; but if you meant for the Leeds Society to adopt the same Measures, shall be glad if you will answer this immediately; as we are not acquainted with the Time of their Sitting we fear our Delegates would be too late.

I am, Sir, with great Respect,

Your humble Servant,

Quarry Hill, ——

5th Nov. 1793. Secretary of the Constitutional

Society.

Sir,

Your Favour of the 20th Ult. came safe to Hand, and was read in a Committee of the Society on Sunday Evening; and on first reading it, it obtained the Approbation of every Member present. — This Society will, at all Times, concur with you in any Measure that may have a Tendency to hasten the Return of departed Liberty. — -Our Sentiments on that Subject are mutual with yours, and unchangeable.

The Object of the Mission of your Delegates being of the utmost Importance to the People of this Coun-Vol. 49.

try, and so intimately connected with their dearest In- Second Interests, that One would imagine they would not hesi- port from tate a Moment in Support of the Measure, from a

Consciousness that upon the Success of the Exertions > ----- -^

of the Friends to Reform depends the Regeneration of APPendixl:'-Britain from a State of Slavery to a State of Freedom and Happiness; and the Exaltation of Burke's Swinish Multitude to the dignified Character of Freemen. We have only to regret that at present our Ability will not allow us to co-operate with you, by sending a Dele-

Ste ourselves, in consequence of Mr. Pitt's War of umanity having almost utterly annihilated our Trade in this Town, and driven a great Number of our best Members and Mechanics across the Atlantic; and those that remain are but little better situated than the wretched Inhabitants of Flanders. However, upon the Whole, I believe it will be productive of Good, as it has tended greatly to abate the Pride, assuage the Malice, and confound many of the Devices of the Enemies to Reform, particularly among the Dons of Church and King. And, finally, it has made many Proselytes to the Cause of Liberty.

Please to accept our best Wishes to you and your Society; and permit me to remain, in the Name and Behalf of the Birmingham Society for Constitutional Information,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

----- ----- ----- --- Secretary.

To ----- ----- ----- ---- Secretary Nov. 6th, 1793.

to the Society for Constitutional Information, London.

P. S. shall be glad to hear from you on all Occasions.

Sir,

In Answer to your Favour of the 29th of October, Copy of a containing a Copy of your Resolution of the 28th, re- Letter from lative to the Election of Delegates, I am desired by Coventry to our Society to communicate to the Society for Con- of the Socfoty stitutional Information, London, their Approbation of for Contitu-a Measure which we conceive peculiarly calculated tionallnfor-to accelerate the Acquisition of the Object pro- matioH. posed.

I am.

Sir,

Coventry, Your humble Servant,

Nov. 19th, 1793. Secretary.

London Corresponding Society,

Fellow Citizens, Nov. 23d, 1793.

You have been already informed, by the Come- Copy of a spondence subsisting between the respective Divisions Letter from of the Patriotic Societies in England and Scotland, of t^eKS*fretf17 the Convention called and now sitting in Edinburgh, Correspond-1* for the Purpose o'f obtaining a speedy and radical Re- fog Society form in the System of Parliamentary Representation; to Norwich, and you are also in Possession of the Circumstances of

our having sent Two Delegates ( ----- ----- ----- ---- )

to represent our increasing Society in that respectable Assembly. The Society for Constitutional Information also elected Two Representatives ( ——

----- -----,) the latter only of whom has gone to Scotland for the Discharge of his important Mission.

Citizens, the Object of our present Letter is to in-. form you of the important Communications which our Mission has already produced. The Spirit and Resolution it has diffused through the respective Societies in Scotland — the rapid Increase of the avowed

Friends of Liberty, which has already made its Appearance, and the Prospects which have been opened before us of the most complete Union, the most determined Perseverance, the most active Exertion in every Constitutional Measure, that can be devised fot'

716

6° Junii. A. 1794.

Second Re- the Recovery of our Rights, and the complete Renovation

port from of the Liberties and Happiness, which, as Men, we are of entitled to, and, as Britons, we have been taught to

----- v An increase of Affection, of Zeal, of Confidence; a

AppendixE. (}oncert of permanent Union; a free Communication and Comparison of Sentiments and Intentions; mature Deliberation and mutual Reliance — these are the Fruits of the wise and spirited Measures adopted by the Friends of Liberty in Scotland, and seconded by the Societies of London and of Ireland.

Britons, and Fellow Citizens! let us rouse you to immediate Co-operation with these Efforts for the

feneral Good; — let us awake you to a Sense of the mportance of the present Moment, and persuade you — persuade all the patriotic Societies in England, to strengthen immediate Junction with this grand Federation; — that as those who are hostile to our Freedom are already united by Compacts, Interests, and Coalitions, the Friends also of that glorious Principle may be bound together by a Link more firm, more intimate, and more durable, to resist every Oppression and Usurpation that may be attempted, and vindicate the " Rights of Man."

The Society at Norwich has already, in some Degree, imitated our Example: For though Time and Convenience did not permit them to elect a separate Delegate, they have sent a written Authority to Citizen ----- ----- - to act for them in that Capacity, toge-

ther with Instructions to enable him to state their Sentiments to the Convention, and Directions for him to correspond with them, and render their Fraternity more complete.

Citizens! Permit us to unite our Voices with those of our Brethren in the North, to request you, by some such Method (if you cannot render it convenient immediately to send a Delegate of your own) to assist the closer Union, and more immediate Communication of the respective Societies. — Persuaded as we are that the Friends of Liberty, if encouraged by the Conviction of general Union to step forward and avow their Sentiments, are already so numerous and respectable as to ensure a speedy Termination of the Calamities of an unjustifiable War, and a Restoration of every Right to which Britons and Freemen are entitled:

We are, in the firm Assurance of your Zeal and Sincerity in the Cause of Liberty, your affectionate Fellow Citizens.'

P. S. I received your Letter, and I sent it to Edinburgh according to your Direction.

Appendix F.

<N« *.)

Appendix F. (N* l.)

Sheffield, Committee Room of the Constitutional Society, May 27th, 1793.

Sir,

I am desired by the Committee of this Society to acknowledge the Receipt of yours of the 10th Current, and of the Caledonian Chronicle of the same Date, containing the Resolutions of the Convention of Delegates from the Friends of the People throughout Scotland — of which this Committee and the Society also, to which they have been read at the several District Meetings, highly approve.

This Committee did not answer your former Letter, because they were unwilling to put you to any unnecessary Expence of Postage, especially as no Alteration could then be made in the subject Matter thereof. Any Communication which you may be pleased to favour this Society with, will be certain to come to Hand (barring Accidents) if directed generally to

Mr. ----- ----- ----- -- at ----- ----- ---- Church Lane,

Sheffield. Though we have never had any Miscarriage of Letters which were directed to the Secretary of the

Constitutional Society, yet that Addition may perhaps Appendix f. be as well left out. — As to a proper Channel; if the Parcel is at any Time very bulky and weighty, the Waggon will be the best; but if a moderate Size, it will come quicker by the Coach: And the Committee will be very glad to receive Accounts of Proceedings so ably and patriotically conducted.

The Committee beg Leave to recommend to ^the Convention, and through its Members to the several Societies, to patronize and promote as much as possible, the Circulation of that most useful periodical Work, The Patriot, which certainly contains Abundance of truly important Political Information, and has done the most essential Service to the Cause of Freedom and of the People in this Part of the Island.

I am desired to express the particular Approbation of this Committee, and Society also, of the Second Resolution of the Convention, viz. " That the Motion to discontinue their Meetings when the Petitions, &c. are presented, &c. is suspicious and insidious, &c.

&c."

To shew how Men, possessing the same Principles, will at the greatest Distance coincide and jump, as it were, into the same Sentiments and Expression of them, I beg Leave to send you a short Extract from the Address of our President, Mr. ——

at our last General Meeting, which was taken in Short Hand, and which the Committee hope they shall prevail on him to publish, as it is replete with Political Information, interesting Anecdotes, and animated Elocution.

" You have no Doubt, Fellow Citizens, all heard the Fate of the Petition so lately sent from this Town and Neighbourhood for a Parliamentary Reform; and I should suppose that the unjust, indecent, and insolent Manner in which it has been rejected, and opposed Admission into the House of Commons by the Satellites of Ministers, must have convinced you clearly that the great Cause for the Support of which we have associated, demands our never ceasing Vigilance and Attention.

" A Reform in Parliament is almost universally allowed to be essentially necessary to the Preservation of this Country. And as that great and important Event can never be brought about but by the Powerful Interposition of the great Body of the People, no lawful Means should be left unassayed to remove the almost innumerable Impediments which lie in the Way to obstruct and prevent so desirable a Communication.

The Enemies to Reform are a very active, numerous, and powerful Body in almost every Neighbourhood, and never fail to unite on the smallest Appearance of any Circumstance which they conceive may be prejudicial to the corrupt and baneful System that has too long prevailed, and which it is so much their Interest to continue.

" Our common Enemies, I say, form an active, jealous, powerful, and well-disciplined Phalanx, long enured to every possible Mode of Attack w'hich can be made upon them — thoroughly skilled in the Science of Defence — but more particularly so in circumventing and smothering every Attempt that may be made against them while in its Infancy, and before it can arrive at the Power of doing them Harm — witness the various Attempts to discountenance, calumniate, and, if possible, to annihilate Constitutional Societies, The Patriot, and all Publications similar to it; as in these they see, with terrified Aspects, the fixture Saviours of the People, and their dearest Rights; with an all-grasping and domineering Aristocratic Influence, possessing the greatest Share of the Landed Property; with the Purse of the Nation at their Command, and their Eyes ever fixed on this ruling Maxim,

" Divide et imperia,"they may be almost thought to

be invincible, and nothing can avail against their

Efforts,

34 Geo. III. 6° fu 7 IT

PP®"dlx Efforts, but-equal Zeal, Discipline, Activity, and strict ' Adherence together of the Friends of the People, and of the Cause of Freedom.

" You see, then Citizens, that (that) it particularly behoves us not to' sleep upon our Posts. The Heavenly Cherub Liberty is in Danger of being annihilated and destroyed by a Torrent of Influence and Corruption unexampled in the Annals of the World. It is Time, therefore, for all true Lovers of their Country to exert every Effort to preserve and cherish that (that) inestimable Blessing, deprived of which, both Life and Property, by being rendered precarious and uncertain, become but secondary Considerations. In this most laudable of all Pursuits, that of promoting and forwarding the Public Welfare, it becomes the peculiar Duty of every One of us to contribute air in our Power, by public and private Advice and Exhortation, to prevent his Fellow Labourers in this glorious Vineyard from lagging in so momentous, though perhaps so arduous a Work; but let us remember that our brave and hardy Ancestors often fought and bled at every Vein, to transmit to us undiminished, a fair and unspotted Inheritance to a Constitution — the Base, Summit, and Centre of which was founded and composed of Freedoma Constitution which they raised by their Valour, supported by their Virtue and Wisdom, and cemented with their Blood.

" The Ravager Time, the unsuspicious Nature of some of our Forefathers, added to their Supineness and Neglect, with other unfortunate Circumstances on one Hand, and on the other the gradual but never-ceasing Endeavours to undermine and subvert the noble Edifice, by every insidious and unperceived Art and Machination that base and interested Men could devise — these Sycophants of Courts — these venal Hirelings and Male Prostitutes, who feed and fatten without Remorse on the Spoil and Plunder of their industrious and oppressed Countrymen — these political Esaus, who would sell their Country and its Liberties for a Mess of Pottage, have brought us to the very Brink of RuMi, and the Verge of Slavery; and, wishing to delude us with the forms of the Constitution, have gone nigh to sap and destroy every Prop and Pillar by which the Constitution itself is in reality supported.

" Be it ours, however, to keep in Mind, that there is not in the whole Range of Human Nature so degraded and despicable a Sight as that of a Nation, a People who were once free, having degenerated into Slaves; and let us not ever forget, that notwithstanding we of the present Day did not receive perfect Freedom from our immediate Forefathers, we still know that we have a just Claim to it; that it is our Duly to prosecute that Claim before our Adversaries shall have the Insolence to plead Prescription as a Bar to it. — Though the Possession is not in us, the Right is, and we are bound to assert that Right, and transmit it, clear of all Incumbrances to our Posterity. What! shall we unremittingly prosecute our Claim, and start indignant at the Idea of being robbed, or unjustly deprived of a paltry Cottage, or a few Acres of dirty Land; and shall we tamely and basely surrender those important Rights and Privileges which are more valuable than all the Acres that one Man ever possessed ? Forbid it, Consistency! Forbid it, Justice! Forbid it, Heaven !

" But how, it may be asked, how are we to prosecute our Claims ? How are we to recover those Rights of which we have been surreptitiously deprived? I answer, by our Fortitude and Unanimity- — by an inflexible Perseverance in demanding those Rights which no Power on Earth is entitled to withhold from us. A Reform in Parliament, I repeat, is absolutely necessary to save this Country from Ruin. I will tell

Vol. 49.

you why," &c. — -He then gives a Display of the Defec- Second Re-tive State of Representation; shews, that as Things Committee are now situated, no Administration, however inclined of Secrecy. to do so, can govern according to the true Principles . -» of Justice and sound Policy, and the real Interests of the People, from the undue Influence of the Crown. ' Describes the Double Cabinet in a very severe Strain of Animadversion; takes Notice, that the only Argument attempted to be urged against the Measure, is the Impropriety of the Time; and on every Occasion, since its first being hazarded in 1692, the same Bugbear has been uniformly opposed to it. " But let me ask these Men, what is a proper Time? In Times of Peace; in Times of War; in Times of financial Depression; in Times of Prosperity; though the Necessity of it was always admitted, still the Time was improper. When Mr. Grey, in the last Session, gave Notice of his intended Motion on this Head, though we had been just before represented by the Apostate Pitt, in all the Glare of his didactic Pomposity, to be at that Moment in a State of unexampled Prosperity, yet then the Time was improper-

" In the Year 1764, after the Conclusion of the War, this Country was equally prosperous, and ranked infinitely higher in Point of Consequence amongst the Nations of Europe, when we were feared and courted by every Power in it, then, also, the Time was improper; we were afterwards involved in a ruinous and expensive War with America, which drained this Country of its Citizens and its Treasures, loaded us with an Accumulation of Taxes we were hardly able to bear, was prosecuted contrary to the Wishes of the Nation, and Parliament still voting Supplies out of the People's Pockets: The System of Corruption was obvious, clear as the Sun at Noon Day, yet still it was not proper to agitate a Reform: notwithstanding it was at the same Time granted, that if a Reform had been made in the Year 1764, all those subsequent notorious Evils would have been prevented.

" TJTie plain Truth of the Matter is this — in the Eye of Ministers and their Followers, in the Eye of Placemen, Pensioners, and the almost innumerable Host of the greedy and voracious Bloodsuckers and Devourers of the Spoil and Plunder of the People, no Time is proper: The Argument is a stale worn-out Trick of every Minister, and every venal Tool who supports him. Charles Townshend used to say, Petitions to this Effect were improper at Two Seasons; the Season of War and the Season of Peace: In Peace,

because they tended to disturb the general Tranquillity; and in War, because Ministers had sufficient Employment for their Abilities without being troubled with Petitions: In this Avowal of a Minister, there is certainly some Honesty, but much more of what the Irish term modest Assurance, or what a blunt Briton calls downright Impudence.

" The same, fallacious and delusive Argument is made use of at the present Moment; and those very Apostates who contended most warmly and vehemently, that a Reform in Parliament was absolutely necessary to save the Constitution, in 1785, have now the barefaced Effrontery to assert, that it is at present, not pnly unseasonable, but absolutely unnecessary — Citizens, reflect on this; be no longer deceived; convince yourselves first that it is necessary, and then determine resolutely, and like Englishmen worthy of their glorious Ancestors, that in Matters of Moment there is no Time like the present."

Thus ended a Speech of near Two Hours, which convinced the Society of the absolute Necessity there is to be more active and assiduous in the great Cause we are engaged to support. It is remarkable, that at this Meeting a Motion was made to discontinue our Monthly Meeting?, and to have them only Once in Three Months, which was reprobated by the Preei-

8 U sident,

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

v — V

Appendix F. (N't.)

(N° a.)

(N'3)

(N‘4.)

718

6° Junu.

A. 1794.

dent, and scouted by the Society as suspicious and insidious; and the Society has greatly increased every Day since.

The enclosed Paper has had a very good Effect in Manchester and this Place, where it has been well circulated; and as Mr. Dundas has had the consummate Effrontery to say in St. Stephen's, that War is not the Cause of die present National Distress, this Committee think too much Pains cannot be taken to convince the People that it is. They therefore submit it to your Consideration, whether it may not be adviseable to re-print and circulate it in your Town and Neighbourhood.

In the Name, and by Order of the Committee, I remain, Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

(Signed) ----- ----- ----- ----- *-

Addressed, Secretary.

Air. Wm. Ski/'ving, Edinburgh.

Delegate Meeting of the Constitutional Society, Leeds.

May 29th, 1793.

the various Societies with which you correspond in Appendix F. Scotland. (N°4-)

I am, Sir,

Yours, &c.

Secretary to the Committee.

Sir,

Sir,

By Request of the Sheffield Society, and having received Directions from them for the Purpose of corresponding with all the Societies in England and Scotland:

We, the Members of the Constitutional Society in Leeds, in order to obtain the desired End of Parliamentary Reform, desire fraternal Communication with the Society of Edinburgh.

We shall be glad of any Information or Instruction in your Power on all Occasions; and hope you will find the Leeds Society always faithful to the Interests of the People; and though they are but few, not exceeding Two Hundred, they are Men, and are determined to exert their utmost in order to instruct their Neighbours on their common Interests.

With this we send you a Copy of our Address and Declaration, and shall ever acknowledge all Favours from you.

Wishing the Cause we have embarked in every Degree of Success, I remain, in the Name and by Order of the Society,

Sir, Your's, &c.

Addressed " To the Secretary of the Constitutional Society, Edinburghand on the Back " To Air. William Skirving, Edinburgh, Scotland."

Free Masons Tavern, Saturday the 18th of Alay

1793-

At a General Aleeting of the Society of the Friends of the People, associated for the Purpose of obtaining a Parliamentary Reform, held this Day.

----- ----- ----- in the Chair.

Resolved unanimously, That the Thanks of this Society be returned to the Convention of Delegates at Edinburgh, for their Zeal and Activity in the Cause of Parliamentary Reform, and to express a Hope and Wish that they will proceed with the same Spirit, Industry, and Temper, during the Interval between the present Time, and the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

In the Name, and by Order of the Society,

----- ----- - — Chairman.

Sir,

I have the Honour to enclose you a Copy of the Resolution of Thanks to the Convention of Delegates at Edinburgh from the Friends of the People in

London, and beg you will communicate the same to

The Speech I sent is not the Property of this So- (N* 5.) ciety; but in Compliance with the Request contained in your Letter I have applied to the Proprietor, who gives you full Permission to re-print it, and distribute as many as you think proper. Your Conduct on this Occasion must give Satisfaction to every Friend of Reform.

When I again meet with any Thing good and short I will certainly send it to you. I suppose you have seen William Fox's Pamphlets; they are very short, and extremely good indeed, particularly that against the War.

The Plan of Delegates would be very improper in this Country at present. A very small Part of it indeed would be active for Reform; if such a Meeting is attempted, it will operate like many rash Steps of some who wish well to the Cause, much to its Disadvantage.

I thank you for the Parcel of Minutes which is come to Hand, and remain,

Yours, &c.

Addressed William Skirving, Esq. Edinburgh.

July 23d, 1793.

Dear Sir,

On Saturday last I received a Copy of Mr. Palmer's (N®6.) Trial, and on Alonday several Copies of Mr. Muir's, which I have ordered to be disposed of as directed,

I had read both before — I shall bind them with Paine's Trial, and I return you and Mr. Muir Thanks for them. I think Air. Palmer's Case, in sqme Respects, still more extraordinary than Air. Muir's — Is it a Crime to advise Prudence and Moderation ?

Be so kind as to desire Mr. Scott to send regularly the Edinburgh Gazetteer to me, under Cover to C. Grey, Esq. M. P. — Let him charge it either to me or the Society, and I will pay for it at such Times and in such a Manner as he desires.

I hope none of the Violence which has done Alis-chief to the Cause of Reform in England will be imported into the Scottish Convention.

The Conduct of the Friends to Reform in Scotland has always been admired, and I hope their Prudence and Moderation will be continued.

I am, &c.

October 29th 1793.

Addressed,

Mr. W. Skirving,

Opposite the Foot of the Old Assembly Close,

Edinburgh.

London, November 8th, 1793.

Fellow Citizens,

I duly received your Favour of the 4th Instant, and (N* 7-) laid it before the Committee of Delegates last Night, who were anxiously waiting for Intelligence from Edinburgh, and were well satisfied with the agreeable Account of the great Number and Zeal of the Friends of Freedom in Scotland. — That Part of your Letter which mentioned your visiting different Towns in Scotland, for the Purpose df promoting the Cause — they were pleased with the Idea, but they thought that it could not be put in Practice on Account of the necessary Supplies, which come in but very slowly — it is 8 to

Appendix F. (N°7->

(N«8.)

(N°9.

34 Geo. III. 6°

719

to be mentioned in the different Divisions. — We have elected ----- --(by Ballot) Chairman of the Committee for die Remainder of the Quarter — we have also appointed a Committee of Constitution, separate from the Committee of Delegates — One Member is chose from each Division, to meet on this Night for the First Time, and to be totally unconnected with the Committee of Delegates. — We still increase in Number — and the Address to the King, to put an End to the War, is ordered to be advertised to receive Signatures — in the Courier, Chronicle, Eyer's Sunday Gazetteer, afterwards by Hand Bills, &c. We have

opened a Correspondence with a new Society at ——

I have to inform you of the Wish of the Society, that you would favour them with the Number of Dele-

sites in the Convention, and the Number from ngland also, and how the Civil and Military Power relishes your Meeting. And that you would send such a Report from the Convention as might appear in the Newspapers in London. Send me an Edinburgh Gazetteer, when there is any Thing in it of Importance. I would have sent you a Courier, but they informed me that they sent several to the Coffee Houses and Taverns in Edinburgh; for that Reason I thought it unnecessary. I hope to have more Time to write to you more fully next Time. As - says the Post is just going off, no more at present from

which at thk awful Period may have a Tendency to save Second Re-the Country. port from

Solemnly pledged as you are to a common and a ^Secrec* just Cause, no Hardship and no Expence can be v_ y*

Addressed,

Secretary.

Mr. Margarot, and! Delegates from Mr. Gerald, / London.

To the Members of the Scotch Convention.

thought too great for you, while you are conscious Appendix F. that you are discharging your Duty. With no Propriety can you refuse to attend upon your Brethren from England, who, at so much Expence, and from so

Seat a Distance, have come to unite their Affections and elibetations with you.

I feel it my Duty, in Coincidence with the Sentiments of the General Committee here, again to recal the Societies by their Delegates to this Place. Every Moment is precious, and Delay is synonimous to Treachery.

I expect therefore, Sir, to have the Honour of seeing you on the 19th Current in the General Convention of the Delegates, in Compliance with the public Advertise-, ment, which I was bound to insert in my Official Capacity, in the Gazetteer of Yesterday, to which I entreat your particular Attention.

If you cannot possibly attend, it will be proper to call the Committee of your Society to appoint One or Two in your Place. No Exertion on the Part of a Friend should be wanting at this important Crisis to render this Convention still more respectable; and none who have the Cause at Heart, and discern how much is at Stake, will be remiss.

Let it be our ardent Prayer to God, that his Wisdom may direct their Measures, and that his Benediction may attend the Execution of them.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Worthy Sirs,

The Notice we have had of your different Meetings, being so late as not conveniently to allow of our Election of a Delegate to join your Assembly, I take the Freedom to communicate a few Lines in the Name of the Society. Gur Congratulations are your Due for the spirited Manner in which you have shewn yourselves the Advocates and Promoters of Reformation: You, Citizens, have deserved well of your Country, and your Conduct is the Subject of our Applause — the strong Sentiments you have imbibed are the Objects of our Admiration. Our Minds particularly embrace the Doctrines of the Right of Universal Suffrage, of the Necessity of Annual Returns, and of adopting these Principles into a definitely worded Constitutional Code, alterable only by the Expression of the general Will of the British People, properly taken.

We doubt not of your Sentiments of Fraternity towards the Patriots of our Town, whose Desire is to promote Universal Information and Universal Liberty.

The All-wise Father of Men prosper your Undertakings.

Secretary to the Leeds Constitutional Society, pro Tempore.

Leeds, Nov. 18th, 1793.

Addressed,

Mr. William Skirving,

Edinburgh.

Sir,

I have the Satisfaction to inform you,- that the Delegates from the Societies in London have,.at Length, arrived at Edinburgh. Delegates from the other Societies in England, and who are now upon the Road, will soon also be here to wait upon the Friends of the People, in order to establish an indissoluble Fraternity between the Two Nations, and to adopt those Measures Von. 49-

WILLIAM SKIRVING, Secretary

Edinburgh, Nov. 7th, 1793.

Extracts from the Minutes of the General Con- (N® 10.) vention of the Friends of the People, held a,t Edinburgh, and of their General Committee, convened in consequence of the Arrival of the English Delegates, and of Citizen Hamilton Rowan and Simon Butler from Ireland, as mentioned in the foregoing Narrative.

In the First Day's Sitting of the Convention, Mr. 29th Oct.

C ----- --- moved, " That this Convention resolve to *793»

claim for themselves and their Constituents the Right of Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments."

At the same Sitting a Letter was read from the Four United Societies of Ireland.

" Mr. Skirving read the Thanks of the General Meeting of the Friends of the People at Masons Tavern, dated London, 18th May 1793, as returned by them to the Convention of Delegates at Edinburgh, for their Zeal and Activity in the Cause of Parliamentary Reform. He also read a similar Letter from

Mr. ----- ----- ----- , dated London, 5th October 1793,

another dated London, 25th October 1793, respecting the Appointment of Messrs. Margarot and Gerald.

" Mr. Skirving next read a Letter from Mr.

----- ---- Secretary to the Association at London, dated

Frith Street, N# 7, October 16th 17^3.

" Mr. ----- ----- ---- read a Letter from the Constitutional Society at Sheffield, dated 27th May 1793,

and signed ----- ----- ----- Secretary, upon the whole

Objects of Reform in general, containing some humorous Remarks on the Arguments advanced by the Enemies of Reform, which were received with great Approbation. Mr. Skirving next read the printed Paper contained in the said Letter, addressed to the unemployed Artisans, &c. of Manchester, and containing a Number of excellent Remarks upon the Calamities of War; signed — Sidney."

720

6° yunii.

A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee

of Secrecy.

- ---- J

Appendix F. (N® 10.) 6th Nov. 1793.

19th Nov, 1793.

In the General Committee it appears, that a Citizen, One of the Edinburgh Delegates, having moved that the London Delegates should state the Situation of their Societies, Citizen Margarot answered, " That " the Societies in London were very numerous, though " sometimes fluctuating. In some Parts of England "whole Towns are Reformers; Sheffield, and Environs there, 50,000 — In Norwich there are 30 Societies in One. — If we could get a Convention of " England and Scotland called, we might represent " Six or Seven hundred thousand Males, which is " a Majority of all the Adults in the Kingdom;

" and Ministry would not dare to refuse us our " Rights."

Citizen Butler, from Ireland, then said, " He did not know how far he was at Liberty to say any Thing, as he was not a Delegate; but he would give an Account of Ireland: The executive Part of the Government were almost omnipotent; the Landed Interest almost aristocratic; the Manufacturer idle. — Last Parliament was expected to have given Ireland Emancipation; however that Prospect was flattering, a few Weeks changed the Scene. — An infamous Coalition took place between the Opposition and Ministry; the Catholics retired with what they had got. — No longer opposed by them, the Government turned their oppressive Measures against the Friends of Reform. — The United Irishmen were prosecuted; he himself had experienced Six Months Imprisonment. — was

declared to be in a State of Rebellion — though Freedom wag not cried up in the Streets, yet it dwelt in almost every Heart. Universal Emancipation was the Measure for which he was an Advocate. — All that he knew of the Country was, that the first Day his Friend was in Edinburgh he was arrested, for nothing that he knew, except it was for being so wicked as to come here. — In Scotland they yet met in Convention; in Ireland the Parliament had' enacted Laws against it. — When a Law like that should take place here, he was afraid Freedom would vanish."

Mr. C ----- --- said, " That he hoped those that

would pass such an Act of Parliament should be forced to eat it; and hoped that Scotland and England should not submit to it."

Citizen Gerald said, " That he came here armed with the Power of Delegation — If our Neighbour's House is on Fire, the greater should be our vigilance to prevent the Flames seizing our own — A Parchment Piece of Justice had been presented in Ireland; he hoped that if ever it was passed here, we should throw it in the Face of our Oppressors. Every Thing the People had gained had been through Conventions — the Resolution was the Consequence of a Convention; — The Resolution established that Trust abused was revocable — the Resolution excluded all Placemen and Pensioners — do we enjoy any Benefit from that Act? It made Ministers responsible — how many bad Ministers have we seen go down to the Grave in peace, and honoured with all the Dimities a King can confer! — Union would carry our Principles into Execution — A Citizen from Ireland told you, that as soon as the Alarm Bell was rung, the Opposition joined the Ministry — Party is ever a Bird of Prey, and the People their Banquet."

On the first Day's Sitting of the Convention after it was resumed, Mr. Margarot moved, — " That previous to publishing an Address to the Public, a Committee be forthwith appointed to consider the Means, and draw up the Outlines of a Plan of general Union and Co-operation between the Two Nations in their Constitutional Pursuit of a thorough Parliamentary Reform," which was unanimously agreed to.

The Minutes of the Second Day's Sitting bear, — That Citizen Gerald " vindicated the Plan of Divisions, as tending to enable the Convention to

" make up their Minds upon the Business to come Appendix F. " before them." — Mr. Margarot vindicated the Plan (N*io.) as tending to shorten the Business of the Convention, and insisted that the familiar Intercourse that would take Place in these Divisions, would be the Chief Use of them."

" — Another Delegate shewed the Necessity and Importance of the Plan of Organization, and insisted that the Divisions were necessary, and that the Loss of a Day or Two was of no Consideration, compared with the Magnitude of the Object."

" Mr. Margarot promised, in Name of himself and his Colleagues from England, that they would grudge no Time to execute with Propriety the important Business they were come upon."

" The Delegate from Sheffield rose to remove any remaining Objections that might be made against the Plan. He urged, that the grand Point in raising a good Superstructure was to lay a good Foundation; to do which no Time should be grudged; and shewed the great Utility of the Plan in the Nomination of Committees."

And the Convention were accordingly divided into Divisions, and Places appointed for their Meetings.

Mr. Margarot, of new, moved, " That a Committee be appointed to consider of and draw up a proper Plan of Union between the Two Nations, according to the Resolution of Yesterday."

In the Sitting of the 21st of November, in consequence of Reports from the different Sections, a Committee of Thirteen was chosen to form an Union upon Mr. Margarot's Plan.

In the same Meeting Gerald stated, " That to honest Men nothing was so valuable as Truth, and that nothing can possibly tend so much to the Disclosure of Truth, as Discussion and Deliberation. That it was also very important that the Committee should know as much as possible of the Public Mind, in order that they might act in Union with it. The Convention then resolved itself into a Committee upon

the Motion of Mr. ----- ----- ---- and many valuable

Hints were thrown out by Citizens

* Gerald observed, that whatever Difference of Opinion might exist in these Walls, we can never forget that our Friends and our Enemies are in common, and that our Object is equally the same. He took a Review of the Means we are to use in order to secure our Object. He entered fully into the Subject of universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments. He fully proved the Rights of the People to these Benefits by their ancient Constitution. ' He minutely investigated the Principles of Government. He asserted, that the End of all Government is the Good of the governed; that if Money be taken out of his Pocket against his Consent, it is of little Consequence whether it be taken by the Robber on the Heath, or the Monarch on the Throne. He made many Remarks upon the Resolution Settlement, and the Benefits gained by the last Resolution, and demonstrated clearly, that they are now totally taken away. He warned the Convention against the Choice of any other than known and plain Men like themselves, Men uncontaminated by the pestilential Air of Courts."

A Delegate from London, during this Day's Sitting,

in Absence of ----- ----- ----, a Scots Delegate, " gave.

in the Continuation of the Committee's Report respecting the Election of Presidents; of Three Assistants, One to go out Daily; and respecting the Council of the Table." He likewise proposed, " That the whole Reports of the Committee should be delayed till the Report was completed, and urged as a Reason for Delay, that # was employed in completing the Report of the Committee."

The

34 Geo. III. 6° Jun. 721

Appendix F. (N# 10.)

The Fifth Day's Sitting, Convention Hall, November 23d, 1793.

Citizen Gerald appointed Chairman.

" Citizen having read the Minutes of last Sitting, the President stated, That this Morning he had received a Letter from our Friends in who desired him

to inform the Convention, that they remained steady in the Cause, and had nominated Citizen Margarot their Delegate, and that they would contribute their Share of the Expences attending the Convention. Mr. Margarot accordingly accepted of the Office; who congratulated the Convention upon the Accession of such a great Number of Friends."

During this Sitting the re is the following Motion, " It was moved, that from thenceforth the Convention should be stiled The British Convention of the Delegates of the People, associated to obtain Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliamentsagreed to unanimously. Also this other Motion, " A Motion was also made for the Convention allowing the Members of the United Society of Irishmen to speak and vote here." —

" Referred to the Sections."

Citizens *** **, who were County Delegates, " requested Leave of Absence, which was granted, upon Condition that they would do their utmost to send Delegates in their Place."

In the same Sitting the re are the following Motions, viz.

" Motion by Mr. ** respecting dividing the Country into Departments, and appointing Provincial Conventions, whereby they may become more acquainted with each others Sentiments."

" Referred to the Committee of Union."

" Motion by **, containing Thanks to the Movers of the Division into Classes, mentioning the Advantages already obtained from it, and requesting a fresh Shuffle. Referred to the Committee of Regulations, and agreed that the Members of Societies in Edinburgh join the Sections" — and this Day's Sederunt closes as follows: " The President warned the Sections to meet as full as possible on Monday."

" Citizen *#'s Motion, relative to admitting the Members of the United Society of Irishmen to speak and vote in this Convention, came forward for Discussion, when Citizens ----- ----- ---- spoke upon it,

and agreed to and guaranteed by a solemn Joining of Hands — it being followed by a Motion for transmitting the above Resolution to Citizen Archibald Hamilton Rowan, which was passed accordingly."

" Secretary Skirving stated, that he had just now received Five Shillings from an unknown Hand for the Use of the Convention; honourable Mention was ordered to be made of this patriotic Donation."

" A Motion made by *** respecting the Appointment of an interim Committee at the End of every Convention, to call together the Delegates on extraordinary Emergencies."

At the Close of this Meeting, the Convention being divided into Sections, a Delegate moved, " That the Motions should be laid before the Sections, and desired the Council of the Table to condescend on these that were to be first discussed."

Seventh Day's Sitting, 26th November 1793.

After Debate, an original Motion was referred to the " Committee of Finance."

Ordered, That the Convention shall cause a regular Set of Books to be kept for the Insertion of Minutes, Motions, and other Proceedings; a Book of Finance, &c. to be at all Times subject to the Inspection of an intermediate Committee."

All these Motions were ordered to lie over to be considered by the Sections."

Vol. 49.

Mr.

's Motion being taken under Second Re-

(N* jo)

Consideration, Amendments were proposed by Citi- P?rt fr?m

jl jl a ' committee

zens . of Secrecy.

" Mr. Margarot pled for adopting the Spirit of ——

Mr. ----- ----- -'s Motion; but thought it would be Appendix F.

more advantageous to postpone adopting it till the Conclusion of the Convention's Business.

" Moved by Mr. Margarot, That a Committee, consisting of the Mover, Seconder, and those who had

moved for Amendments of Mr. ----- ----- ---'s Motion,

be appointed to draw up a Motion from the Whole, that may probably meet the Ideas of the whole Convention — after some Conversation, it was agreed upon, on the Motion of Mr. **, that the Vote of the

House be put; 1st, on the Spirit of Mr. ----- ----- --'s

Motion; 2dly, on the Words of the Motion; and 3dly, on Mr. Margarot's Motion." Agreed — " The Sense of the House being taken on the First, It carried unanimously, to adopt the Motion as to the Spirit of it. — On the 2nd, It carried by a great Majority, not to adopt the Motion as so worded — and 3dly, It was resolved, that the said Motion, and all Amendments, be referred as above."

Convention Hall, 28th November 1793.

Ninth Day's Sitting.

Citizen in the Chair.

" Citizen read the Amendments upon Citizen ----- ----- --'s Motion, as agreed upon by the Committee; and it was agreed, that the House should resolve itself into a Committee for its mature Consideration." — In the Course of the Conversation, Citizen gave a History of the Habeas Corpus Act. — After an excellent Discussion of the Question, pertinent Remarks, and Amendments, the Convention was resumed, and the Whole, as amended, being read over, the Members stood upon their Feet, and passed the Resolution unanimously, as follows.

[Here a Blank is left in the Minutes, as mentioned in the Report.]

After the said Resolution was agreed to and solemnly approved of as above, the Minutes import,

" That Citizen Gerald, in an energetic and animated Speech, addressed the Meeting, and expressed his Happiness at the Motion passed; and exposed the Act of the Irish Parliament, called a Convention Bill — and Citizen followed him in a Manly Speech, and proved the Influence of the Executive Government over the Parliament."

Citizen Margarot read and proposed the following Motion: " That a Secret Committee of Three, with the Secretary, be appointed to determine the Place where such Convention of Emergency shall meet; that such Place shall remain a Secret with them, and with the Secretary of this Convention; and that each. Delegate shall, at the breaking up of the present Session, be entrusted with a sealed Letter, containing, the Name of the Place of Meeting; that this Letter shall be delivered unopened to his Constituents, the Receipt of which shall be acknowledged by a Letter to the Secretary — preserved in the same State until the Period shall arrive at which it shall be deemed ♦

necessary for the Delegates to set off. This Motion was seconded by *, and the same passed unanimously. Accordingly the following Citizens were nominated a Secret Committee upon this Business, viz. Margarot, ***, with the Secretary; and they were requested to devise the best possible Means of conveying this Intimation to those Societies whose Views are the same with ours, but may not have Delegates at this Time."

Tile Minutes of this Day's Sitting, close with a Variety of Motions; and amongst others the following,

8 X by

722 6° Junn. . 1794.

Second Re- by Citizen **, and seconded by Citizen **, "That Commiuee a Fund be raised by Subscription for defraying the of Secrecy. Expence of small patriotic Publications, to be aistri-

----- ---' buted in the Highlands. Every Publication shall bear

APP*Jdix F- the Figure of a Highland Man in full Dress, with 10'^ Target and Broad Sword, to attract the Attention of

Highlandmen. No Publication to cost more than Half a Penny."

By Citizens **, " That a Committee be appointed to draw up a Declaration of the and

unprescriptable Rights of Man; and that the same be prefixed to an Address to the People of Great Britain." And, " That a Committee of Observation be appointed in London, to give the earliest Intimation of any Motion of the Kind mentioned in the foregoing Resolution to the different Societies."

Convention Hall, First Year of the British Convention, 29th Nov. Anno Domini 1793. — Tenth Day's Sitting.

Citizen in the Chair.

" Citizen Margarot gave in the Report of the Committee of Regulations; which was ordered to be printed, and Copies to be given in to the Sections on Monday, for their Consideration."

" The Secretary read **'s Motion for a Committee of Observation to be appointed in London. Citizen Margarot stated, That there was no Occasion for a Committee of that Nature in London, as there were several Thousands of People in that City upon the Look-out. It was accordingly agreed, That the Convention should request the London Committee of Correspondence to give the earliest Intelligence of what passed in Parliament."

" A Letter from a Friend, &c. which had been transmitted to A. Scott, of the Gazetteer, was read, containing Patriotic Sentiments, and Two Guineas; and Citizen Taylor presented a Guinea from another Citizen, whose Name he was not at Liberty to mention. — It was stated by the Secretary, that a Citizen from London was present, who was to give 5/. 5 s. to the Convention) when a Collection should be made for enlightening the Highlanders. The Thanks of the House was unanimously given to the before-mentioned Patriots for their Donations."

Eleventh Day's Sitting, 30th November 1793.

" The Secretary read a Motion, that a Committee be appointed to revise each Day's Minutes immediately on die rising of the Convention, for the Purpose of sending them to the Press, to make hereafter a Daily Bulletin of the same. The Question being put, the Motion passed unanimously."

" Citizen ----- ----- likewise moved, That no Person should be allowed the Honours of the Sitting, unless recommended by Two Members; which with Amendments, as in the Motion itself, passed unanimously."

" The Secretary read a Motion for publishing the natural, unalienable, and unprescriptable Rights of Man; which was ordered to be given to the Committee of Union."

" It was moved, That Captain ** should report some Circumstances to the Convention; for which Purpose the House resolved itself into a Committee, when he read an Account of the Trial and Sentence of D. Holt, for reprinting the Duke of Richmond and Mr. Pitt's Resolution for a Parliamentary Reform; after which, the Chairman being replaced, the Secretary moved, That Captain ** should be allowed the Honours of the Sitting."

" Citizen from and from

Hamilton, requested Leave of Absence should be granted; and moved, That all the Delegates who had

left the Convention, should receive Letters to return Appendix F. immediately, and remain at their Posts until the im- 0*io.) portant Business which was daily introduced into the Convention should be properly discussed."

" A Motion to fine those Members who did not attend their Sections. — The Order of the Day was called for."

A Motion for drawing out a Scroll of a Petition to Parliament; which being read, The Order of the Day was moved upon it."

Monday, 2d December 1793. First Year British Convention.

Twelfth Day's Sitting.

Citizen in the Chair, and Citizens and Assistants at the Table.

" Citizen Skirving insisted that all the Members, both of the Convention and Primary Societies, should subscribe a solemn League and Covenant."

" Citizen Gerald pled for Liberty of Sentiment; and compared the People and their Enemies to the Worshippers of the true God and of Baal. He afterwards read some Paragraphs from the Edinburgh Herald, with Suitable Comments; and compared the Constitution of 1688 to a dead Horse. He shewed the Insipidity of the Title " Gentleman," and the Propriety of the Term " Citizen;" remarked the Impropriety of the Mode of promulgating our Laws, by restricting them to be sold by One Printer, and published in the Saxon Character, which few can read."

" Citizen Skirving also pled for the Motion, and insisted that it was proper, on all Occasions, to take the Opinion of the Primary Societies, and considered the Convention as only a Committee of the People."

" Citizen Margarot pled in favour of the Motion.

The Approbation given by the many Thousands of their Constituents in London, Sheffield, Norwich, Leeds, &c."

" The Motion being agreed to, with One Dissentient Voice, who afterwards acceded, Citizen read a spirited Advertisement from the Nottingham Society, inserted in,a Sheffield Newspaper."

" A Motion made by Citizen *, and seconded by Citizen *, That the Convention shall pass some Resolutions respecting the late unprecedented and unwarrantable Infringements on the Freedom of the Press, particularly the arbitrary Sentence of Judge Wilson against Mr. Holt, for re-printing the Duke of Richmond and Mr. Pitt's Plan of Reform."

" Citizens and moved, That this Convention take under Consideration, whether (after the contemptible Manner in which the late Petitions for Parliamentary Reform were treated) they shall again petition for Reform, or at what Period they should recommend the same to their Constituents."

. At the Thirteenth Day's Sitting.

Citizen of Sheffield, produced a Commission from the Leeds Constitutional Society, appointing him their Delegate; which was approven of by the Convention.

The Minutes of the Fourteenth Day's Sitting, are begun and entered thus:

" Edinburgh, 4th November 1793.

" Fourteenth Sitting of the B. Convention."

In the above, November is, by Mistake, inserted in Place of December.

" Mr. Margarot begged Leave to bring in a Motion to the Effect, That the Moment of the illegal Dispersion of the present Convention be considered as our Summons to repair to the Place of Meeting appointed for the Convention of Emergency by the Secret

j

34 Geo. III. 6° J

Appendix F. Secret Committee; and that the same Motion be con-(N® 10.) sidered this Evening.

" The Convention then heard the only Two Motions on their Table read, which regarded the same Matter; and it being objected to, that the Business of these Motions was to be taken up Tomorrow Evening, after some Conversation, it was carried by a Vote of the House to delay further Consideration till Tomorrow Evening. Mr. Margarot being prepared to bring forward his Motion above-mentioned, the same was taken under Consideration, and was as follows:

" Moved, That the Moment of any illegal Dispersion of the British Convention shall be considered as a Summons to the Delegates to repair to the Place of Meeting appointed for the Convention of Emergency by the Secret Committee; and that the Secret Committee be instructed to proceed, without Delay, to fix the Place of Meeting.

" The Convention, having considered the Motion fully, unanimously resolved the same, and appointed the Secret Committee to proceed as directed."

A Delegate from Glasgow presented to the Sections, during the Sitting of this Convention, a Motion of the following Tenor; viz.

The Delegation from Glasgow moves, That the Convention take into their Consideration the Nature and Extent of a Resolution adopted by their Constituents, and by most of the other Societies in Scotland, and afterwards ratified and approved of at the General Convention held at Edinburgh in December 1792, the Import of which was, That if any Member of their Society associated for the Purpose of obtaining a Parliamentary Reform should, while in the legal Prosecution of that Object, be oppressed or persecuted by the Arm of Power, they should not only meet with the Assistance of the Society to which they,

but also by the united Efforts of all their Brethren in Scotland.

Since the above Period, however, we are sorry to say, several of our Members have been persecuted, and that in a most wanton Manner, and the above Resolution (which if duly put in Force would, we humbly apprehend, have the happy Effect of emboldening those who have already come forward, and of encouraging others who have not yet taken any active Part to unite their Efforts in the general Cause) has never yet been attended to.

We therefore humbly move, That the Convention take into Consideration the above Particulars, and consider what Measures may be most conducive towards the Performance of the Obligation we lie under, in consequence of that Resolution, and thereby shew to the World that we are not unmindful of those who have already suffered, or may in future suffer in their Country's Cause.

By Order of the Delegation,

Edinburgh, October 30th 1793.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Margarot to 11-) the Norwich Societies, dated Edinburgh,

24th November 1793.

You know that at our Arrival here we found that the Convention had, after sitting Four Days, adjourned, and the Delegates were all gone back to their respective Habitations, without proceeding any farther in the Business of Reform, than simply agreeing that nothing short of Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments would satisfy them, and on that Ground proposing not to send any Petition to the King or to the Parliament, least by so doing the Enemies of Reform might be tempted to counteract their Wish, and exert themselves to prevent a Peace; but Vol. 4-9.

'unii. 7

at the same Time it was recommended by the Con- Second Re-vention, that all Friends to Reform should sign any Petition for Peace, which might originate in another of°Secrecyf

Quarter — We soon prevailed on the Edinburgh Com- v ----- -v- —

mittee to recal die adjourned Convention; the '

Country Societies, informed that. England meant to take a serious Part in the great Cause, sent back all their former Delegates, and several of them who had not sent Delegates to the prior Convention, have sent some to this one. On Tuesday the 19th Instant the Convention opened. The Number of Delegates amounted to 180; some of them came even from so far as Cromartie; the Reception we experienced was highly flattering, we mutually gave and received Encouragement and Animation. I shall not at present attempt to give you a minute Detail of what has since passed, because the Minutes are to be printed, and then I will not fail sending you a few Copies of them, and will, I hope, be able at my Return to come to Norwich, and give you an accurate verbal Account of every Transaction; mean Time, if you have any Instructions to give me, send them without Delay, otherwise I shall act for you conformably to those laid down by the London Corresponding Society, a Copy of which you doubtless have received from them. — The Convention have begun by establishing a Set of Rules for the Organization of the present and even future Conventions', next we established a Committee of Union between the Two Nations, a Committee of Finance, and a Committee to take into Consideration the protecting, or establishing a Patriotic Newspaper. — And on Saturday last we passed a provisory Decree of Union; the whole Convention standing Hand in Hand, solemnly pledged themselves to each other to renounce all National Distinctions, to abide firmly and truly by each other, until the great End is obtained, and at the same Time we assumed the Title of The British Contention of Delegates of the People, associated to obtain Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments.

Edinburgh, Tuesday, December 2d, 1793. l2"

Citizen ——

We received last Night a Letter signed by you, but written by another Person, acquainting us with Messrs. Ge-the Determination of the Committee, " that at the raid and MarAdjournment of the Convention we should re- garottothe " turn immediately to Londonthis Determination ^LtmJon we will undoubtedly conform unto, unless it be (as Correspond-we hope and trust it will) contradicted in your next; ing Society, for if the Committee abides by it, we, who by being on the Spot, and thoroughly acquainted with the State of the Country, can judge with Certainty thereon, do assure you that our immediate Return to London will be attended with very bad Consequences, for at present all the Country Societies look up to us to come among them to enliven to encourage them, to convince them by our Presence, that we exist, that we have been sent from England for the Purposes of Union and Reform, and that the Time is near at Hand when such Reform must take Place. Nothing, dear Friends, must force us from Scotland at present but the absolute Impossibility of bearing the Expences attending our Mission, and those Expences may be somewhat lessened by recalling One of us, and leaving '

the other; our Norwich Friends may likewise bear a Part of them, so that unless the Funds of the Society are very low indeed, no Excuse for Recal can be valid, unless founded on Fear', and that we must remind you is our Concern, not yours. While, therefore, the Idea of uniting our Society with the whole Kingdom of Scotland affords. you a pleasing Prospect, let us do every Thing in our Power to cement that Union', and this can only be done by a longer Residence in the Country, and by visiting the several

724

Second Re- several Societies which have sent Delegates to port from burgh, and would think themselves ill used if we did «fSwxecj\ not ta^e their Town in our Way. Consider of it

'---r- — j therefore, we beseech you, and let us have your Answer

AP(n"^.)F' immediately.

The Convention proceed with great Spirit. We sit Daily; and last Week we came to a Resolution which we fancy will give Pleasure to every friend to Reform; as the Minutes are to be printed, we will, at present, only give you the Heads of it; viz.

That should any Attempt be made by Government for the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus Bill, the Introduction of a Convention Bill, or the landing of Foreign Troops in Great Britain or Ireland, the Delegates are immediately to assemble in Convention at a certain Place, the Appointment of which is left with a Secret Committee — That when Seven Delegates shall be thus assembled, they shall declare themselves permanent; and when their Number amounts to Twenty-one, they shall proceed to Business — thus you see we are providing against what may happen.

Citizen Geralds Health is so far recovered as not to prevent him from fully attending his Duty. We cannot say as much of Citizen Sinclair, from the Society for Constitutional Information; he has been confined to his Bed ever since Saturday by a violent Fever and Sore Throat; he is somewhat better this Morning. He is a valuable young Man; and, should he die, his Loss would be severely felt; not indeed by his Constituents, who have basely abandoned him, but by all the Friends of Freedom. He is a Member of our Society, and we recommend him to your Notice.

You will, before this, have received our last of the 26th Instant, acknowledging the Receipt of your Letter of the 23d, together with a Remittance of £.12. 12$. Our Time is so constantly employed that we find it absolutely impossible as yet to write to you more than Once a . Week, and even that on no fixed Day: Eighteen Hours out of the Four and Twenty are devoted to Public Business, and you may rest assured they are not mispent. We are happy to hear that you go on as well in the South as we do in the North. — Letters convey but very imperfectly, and with no great Degree of Safety, what toe might wish to inform each other of — You have done us a material Injury by neglecting to send us a Parcel of our Publications, and a Number of Copies of The Jurymen's Right; pray do not delay them any longer, and among them some of the Letters to Dundas. We sent you an Edinburgh Gazetteer

last Week, we will send you another Tomorrow; you will therein see Part of what has passed in the Convention.

1 We remain,

Most sincerely,

Your Fellow Labourers in the Cause of Reform, JOSEPH GERALD, Delegate. Mct MARGAROT, Delegate.

1 M. M. would be glad to receive a Line from T. H. about private Business of his own.

Edinburgh, 8th December 1793.

CN* i3-) Fellow Citizen,

Copy of a We desire that a Copy of the inclosed Papers be Mr^lar°m ^ePt by the Society, and that another Copy of them be rot "to the^Se- delivered, without Delay, to Citizen Martin, in order cretary of the that he may proceed thereupon immediately.

London Cor- You will already have had confused Accounts of swietding what has taken place here for the last Four Days; but 0016 y on Tuesday next the Edinburgh Gazetteer shall (if Des-

potism permit) give you a complete Detail of every Tiling. The Society will thereby be able to discover that our Arrival in Scotland has been productive of great Advantage to the Cause and at the same Time has given great Alarm to our Enemies. We are very

A. 1794.

much surprized at the Remissness of the Society; while we are exposing our Life and Liberty, while we ' are devoting our Time and our Exertions to their Service, while we are incurring numberless Expences, and alfronting Dangers that would stagger the most hardy of them, while we are doing all this, we are moreover obliged to remind them of it, and that Supplies are now become more necessary than ever; surely the pecuniary Exertions of any Individual in the Society, can never be compared to our Endeavours: Honoured with their Confidence, we find ourselves happy in being placed in the Front of the Battle; but let them remember that our sacrificing ourselves will be of little Use, unless they afford us a proper Support, and that most immediately. Not daring any longer to trust to the Post, we send you all these Papers in a Parcel.

You will be so good as to make us acquainted with their safe Arrival — Gerald wishes to get to London as soon as possible, he will communicate that which cannot be so fully expressed by Letter; you may consider this as a private Letter, but you may read such Parts of it as you think proper to any Member of the So* ciety, especially where it may be productive of Good.

— You will see by the inclosed Papers, that Power has proceeded in a most arbitrary Manner, almost all the prominent Characters in the Convention have been, or are to be apprehended and examined — Lord Daer will, we believe, meet with no greater Favour than ourselves; we understand that there is a Warrant out against him. As an Account of what has happened to us would exceed the Bounds of a Letter, we will only just give you a Sketch of it, byway of Journal, referring you, as we said before, to next Tuesday's Gazetteer.

Ihursday Morning, at 7 o'Clock.

A Sheriff's Officer, followed by Five other Men, entered our Bed Room, informed us he had a Warrant (which however he refused to shew) for apprehending us, and seizing our Papers; we remained confined all Day, at Night we were examined and admitted to Bail, each in the Sum of 2,000 Marks.

Friday Morning 9 o'Clock.

We were sent for again without a Warrant, for the Purpose of being present at the opening of a small Trunk, containing our Papers; but protesting

against the Illegality of the Whole of the Proceedings, and refusing to give up the Key, the Sheriff Substitute and the Procurator Fiscal dared to proceed no farther in the Business.

Saturday Morning 9 o'clock.

Two Messengers came aga\n into our Room, with Gerald; they left a Summons to appear at 10 o'Clock, with M. M. They left nothing but a Request to accompany Gerald to the Office; yet, when arrived there, he found that a Warrant was issued against him, for the Purpose of detaining him a Prisoner, while the Box was opened, and the Papers examined.

M. M. still persisting in his Refusal, the Key was forced from him, the Trunk was opened, the Papers examined, and partly restored; the other Part was kept, and a Declaration drawn up, which he w'as required to sign, but refused, - protesting against the Whole of the Business. — Gerald, however, signed what was drawn up in his Name, and we were once more liberated; and since then, now already 24 Hours, no further Persecution has been commenced against us.

But while we, as Individuals were thus harrassed (Thursday) the whole of the Convention were equally ill used. — Many of them w'ere taken into Custody; and when the Remainder met, as usual, the Provost, attended by his Myrmidons, went, and, after pulling

----- ----- ----- ----, of < Sheffield, out of the Chair,

ordered the Convention to disperse, and informed them that he would allow no such Meetings in future.

(Friday) The next Day, the Convention having

agreed

6° yunii.

34 Geo. III. 6° Jun

Appendix F. agreed to meet at another Place, out of the Jurisdic-(N° 13.) tion of the Provost, we had not been long assembled, before the Sheriff, with Myrmidons, appeared among us, and commanded us to depart, after having asked whether that Meeting, was the British Convention, and being answered in the Affirmative. He next enquired who was the President; upon which M. M. having openly asked and obtained Leave of the Convention, placed himself in the Chair; informed the Sheriff, that he, M. was the President of the British Convention, and that he would not break up the Meeting, unless unconstitutionally forced thereunto, by the Sheriff's pulling him out of the Chair; which the latter (after some little Hesitation) having complied with, the Ex-president (Gerald) was also put into the Chair, which he would not leave but by being pulled out; adjourned the Convention to the Place where it was to become permanent in its Sitting; and having called upon his Colleague, for to close the Meeting with Prayer, the Company departed peaceable, but not without various Reflections on the Proceedings, and those Reflections not confined merely to the Members of the Convention, but coming also from the Crowd without Doors, and even from the attending Constables; — The next Day a Proclamation was issued by the Provost, forbidding all assembling within the Limits of his Jurisdiction. — We know not what will happen; but we venture to predict, that all this Persecution will increase rather than diminish the Ardour of the People for Reform. The Country Societies, hearing of this, are hourly pouring in fresh Delegates. — Want of Paper forbids my writing any more.

Adieu! Your's,

M.M.

Appendix G. Appendix G.

Extract from the Evidence taken on the 2 2d of May 1794, before the Privy Council.

Thomas Thompson, Esq; Member for*Eves ham, attending their Lordships, was called in, and asked, If he was a Member of the Constitutional Society ? to which he answered, That he was.

Extracts from his Evidence.

Q. How long have you been a Member of this. Society ?

A. I cannot exactly recollect, but think about last Christmas. *

Q. Did you attend the Meetings of the Society regularly ?

A. When I was in Town I did.

Q. Was you present on the 28th of March, when a Letter was read from the London Corresponding Society, of the 27 th March, with certain Resolutions [ was shewn to Mr. Thompson in the ] were inclosed, and a Resolution and Order thereupon made by the Constitutional Society ?

A. I was.

Q. Were you present at a Meeting of the 4th April, when a Resolution was made respecting the Appointment of Delegates to confer, &c.?

A. I do, upon Consideration, recollect it — but I opposed the Appointment of a Convention. — Another Person and I decidedly and loudly opposed it, and went away, understanding that it had passed in the Negative — I opposed it on the Grounds of its being a bad and improper Mode of Proceeding — and that it would be better to present a Petition to Parliament — I do not recollect that any other Person besides myself and the Person already named opposed this Proposition.

Vol. 49.

Q. You recollect, then, being present upon the second Re-4th of April ? pgrt from

A. Yes. Committee

of Secrecy.

Q. Do you remember a Deputation being ap- ' ——

pointed to confer with the London Corresponding APPendix G* Societies?

A. I do remember an Agreement to appoint a Delegation; but I do not recollect the Names of the Persons of whom that Delegation was to consist.

Q. Do you recollect the subsequent Resolution for appointing a Committee of Correspondence ?

A. I do not recollect it; but rather think I went away before it passed — I usually left the Society before it broke up, as I slept in the Country, and of course many Resolutions were passed after I went away.

Q. Do you think it right to state what you particularly recollect of the Resolution respecting the Appointment of a Convention ?

A. I recollect the opposing it, with the Person already named; and I recollect it was carried in the Negative.

Q. Is it entered on the Books of the Society, that the Motion for appointing a Convention was negatived ?

A. I do not know; but it certainly was carried in the Negative — I recollect leaving the Society with a firm Conviction that it had been negatived; and I have since talked with the Person' already named on the Subject, who understood so, as well as myself.

Q. Can you state the Name of any Person who opposed the Appointment of a Convention, except yourself and the Person you have named ?

A. I cannot — that Person was against it from the first Mention of such an Idea.

Q. Was there any Debate upon it ?

A. There was.

Q. Do you recollect the Names of any of the Persons who spoke for the Appointment of a Convention ?

A. I do not — there was a good deal of Confusion.

Q. Did you ever see the printed Resolutions of the Society ?

A. I do not recollect that I did.

Q. Have you any Reason to believe that the Resolution against the Appointment of a Convention was reduced to Writing ?

A. Probably it was: I made a Memorandum of it, as I took Minutes myself; 1 always did so for my own Satisfaction, and to refer to upon Occasion. — The Memorandum I made on this Occasion, stated particularly that it had been carried that no Convention should take place. I was always decidedly against Delegates being sent from the different Societies and Towns.

I took Minutes even of what passed at the Meetings of the Friends of the People, though I think them very safe Persons.

Q. Have you any One of these Memorandums ?

A. I have not — I have looked for them, and could not find One — They were upon Scraps of Paper; and not thinking them of Importance, I did not preserve them.

Q. As you opposed the Formation of a Convention, what did you conceive the Convention was to do if it did meet?

A. I opposed a Convention, having seen the Evils of it in other Places; and not thinking it the best Means of obtaining the Object in View.

8 Y Mr.

726

6° Junii. A. 1794.

Second Re- Mr. Thompson having attended the Committee of port from Secrecy appointed by the House, his Evidence before Committee the Privy Council was read to him; and he was asked, v recy' If he wished to state any Thing in Explanation of that Appendix G. Evidence ?

Mr. Thompson desired to explain and alter it; and observed, that in the Account given of his Evidence before the Council, he is stated to have said, that at the Meeting of the 4th of April he does not recollect any other Person, besides the Person he mentioned to the Privy Council and himself, opposed the Proposition for , a Convention; he now begs to say, that he meant to say, that he does not recollect what other Persons, besides himself and the Person before alluded to, opposed that Proposition.

It is stated in the Evidence, that Mr. Tooke signed the Letter to request a Contribution for Mr. Skirting. Mr. Thompson meant to say he was to sign the Letter, as Chairman of the Evening.

It is stated in the Evidence, that he was asked, If he ever saw the printed Resolutions of the Society? To which he is stated to answer, He did not recollect he did: Mr. Thompson desires to say, that he had never seen before the Book shewn to him by the Attorney General at the Time that Question was put to him.

And as to the last Question, Whether he had ever attended any Meeting since the 2d of May ? he begged now to say, that he went Once, with an Idea of taking his Name out of the Books of the Society.

With respect to Mr. Thompson being present when the Toasts were drank; he begged to say he certainly was, but that he did not drink them all, being unwell, and the Wine being bad. — On being shewn the Toasts at the Council, he said, he thought some of them very absurd.

Mr. Thompson was then asked by the Committee,

If there was any Individual, besides the Person before alluded to, that joined you in Opposition to the Proposition for a Convention ?

I cannot recollect — but there must have been several, as the Question was negatived.

When and where did Mr. Thompson first see or hear the List of those Toasts ?

From the Attorney General ill the Privy Council Room. — Mr. Thompson was not present at any Meeting of the Stewards when the Toasts were drawn up, previous to the Dinner.

Do you recollect Mr. Sharpe being present on the 11th of April, during the Debate on a proposed Resolution containing the Word "Convention?"

I do not.

Have you any Recollection of Mr. Home , in the Course of such a Debate, remarking, that the Debate about the Word " Convention" was all Nonsense; it was only between a Latin Word and an English one?

I do not

Appendix H. Appendix H.

Bristol, 28th January 1794.

Fellow Citizens,

Copy of a I am again authorized to write to you, signifying Letter from the Gratitude of our Society for your Second Epistle, &x:iety*for w^ich came to my Hands the 3d Inst. After read-

Constuu- ing its Contents, 1 collected as many of our Friends

tional Infer- as I conveniently could that Evening — we read — we matron, to the blushed — we took Courage; — we did more, for we responding1' resolved on re-assembling, as we had appointed prior Society. to the Determination we announced in our last. We intend publishing an Address, or something declaratory of our Sentiments, with all convenient Speed; —

as soon as this is effected, we shall send a Copy or Appendix H. Copies to you. From The Courier and Evening Gazette, we have had Information of the Trial of Mr.

Margarot, and his Sentence to 14 Years Transportation. We are by no means at a Loss in forming a Judgment of the noble Cause in which he with others are embarked, nor would we be frightened at such Sentences. You see, Citizens, yoitr Second Epistle has quickened our Courage, and vivified our Patriotism, and rouzed us to "Resolution; and more, our Number is now considerably increased — perhaps your Third Epistle may do greater Things still; — we are sensible 'tis a noble — 'tis a virtuous — 'tis a Godlike and immortal Cause in which we are now mutually embarked; and though for Parts our Effort can be but a feeble one, yet the Cause we espouse is mighty — is energetic — It will finally prevail and prosper: It is our firm Opinion, could we but arouse them, that Patriots would become nearly the Majority of our City. We expected to have had the Dozen of The Englishmen's Rights, which you mentioned iu your First Epistle — Hope you will send them speedily.

We are, Fellow Citizens Yours sincerely,

The Bristol Society for Constitutional Information, &c.

At a General Meeting of the Delegates of the Norwich, United Societies at Norwich, held 24 Feb. 24th Fel)*

1794; 1794

It was unanimously resolved, " That One or more " Delegates shall be sent to the next General Convention, soon as called for by our London Correspondents."

Bristol,24th April 1794.

Fellow Citizen,

You may be sensible, from our last Communication, Copy of a that in the Infancy of our Patriotic Efforts we had Letter from many Difficulties to overcome, and many strong Pre- Constitn^ judices to combat. — We laid open to you our real Si- tional Society tuation; we told you our Determination to address to the Secre-the Public; and assured you of our unalterable Per- tary of the severance in the glorious Cause of Freedom. — This reSp0ndi0gr" Perseverance, however, and these Exertions of an in- Society, dividual Society, can but little avail, if the Societies in the different Parts of the Kingdom are in themselves disunited, or do not aid and assist each other, agreeable to the Principles of Philanthropy and Fraternity which they so warmly profess. Under this Idea, we conceive ourselves treated with a Degree of In-civism, by your Society in not answering our last Letters; the Reasons may be good. — At present we are candid enough to confess, that the Circumstance does not appear to us in the most favourable Point of View.

Our Address, of which we send you a few Copies, we find to have a good Effect, and is likely to beget us the Assistance of many Friends, while bur Enemies acknowledge there is something very fair and reasonable in the Production. — This is an absolute Victory, and we have reason to congratulate ourselves on the Prospect of Success it opens to us. With a Mixture of Pain and Pleasure, we saw an Account of your last General Meeting; we lament that the strong Hand of Despotism should so often interfere to prevent the Assertion of the Rights of the People, w'hile we rejoice in your manly Constitutional Perseverance, and ap- -plaud and approve your Resolution of forming another General Convention: Our increasing Numbers give us every reasonable Hope of soon being able more effectually to co-operate with you; while, for the Reasons formerly stated, we cannot yet make a positive Promise on that Head. We hope for an immediate Answer. — Favour us with your Opinion of our Address,

6 and

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

72 7

Appendix H. and transmit a Sketch of your Plan respecting the General Convention.

By Order of the Committee of Delegates appointed by the British Constitutional Society.

Copy of a Letter from Newcastle to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Newcastle upon Tyne, 24th April 1794.

By Desire of a Number of Friends to a radical Reform in the Constitution here, I make free to trouble you. We live in a Place where an Aristocratic Magistracy endeavours to stop the genial and benign Spirit of National Liberty from spreading, notwithstanding a very great Number are found here that dare assert the natural and unalienable Rights of Man, and bear their Testimony against the tyrannical Encroachments of assumed Power on those Rights; a good Number have formed themselves into Societies, and meet Weekly, admitting none but known Friendsand have assumed no Name but that of Newspaper Companiesthese were in great Spirits while the British Convention continued to actbut after their Suppression a Damp was cast on the Whole. — Subscriptions were ready to be sent off the very Night

they were suppressed, and the Gazetteer stopped, which has since been remitted to London, for the Use of the persecuted W orthies, Mui and Palmer. — Being charmed with your masterly and bold Approbation of the Conduct of your Delegates and noble Martyrs for Truth, -garot and Gerald, and find your Name signed Secretary to the Corresponding Society, we wish to copy your Example; and beg, if you think us worth your Notice, give us your Views and Intentions as soon as. convenient, which, I hope, will be a Means to stimulate and increase. our Numbers. Lest this should not come to you, as. I have an uncertain Direction, I forbear troubling you more at present, in Hopes of being favoured with your future Correspondence. — Farewell, hoping the Hydra of Tyranny and Imposition shall soon fall under the Guillotine of Truth and Reason,

Your's, with all due Respect, See.

Norwich Societies, 29th April 1794.

Citizen. *

It is with great Satisfaction wre view the Manly Conduct of you and your Colleagues, especially when surrounded as you are, by a domineering Aristocracy, who, notwithstanding their great Bluster, are but Chicken-hearted; — Witness our Norfolk Quixotes, who, after being completely foiled at the County Meeting, were determined to subscribe to support an armed Aristocracy: But, pray, tell it not in the Metropolis, that a Noble Marquis subscribed no more than 200, and another high-pensioned Lord but 100; an Alderman and Leader, and very fierce for Church and King, the enormous Sum of . 20: These are the Men who are ready to spend their Lives and Fortunes; — but enough of such privileged Beings! We should be glad to know whether the Friends of the People consent to a Convention, and whether they will take an active Part.

Please to accept of a few of our Bills. We should esteem it a Favour that you would send us a few of your late Declarations.

P. S. Many of our Friends are fully convinced of the Necessity, -Legality, and Rationality of a Convention: But, Query, Whether the Time be expedient?

1st May 1794.

Citizen,

Copy of»Letter It is with Pleasure the London Corresponding Society

t" rfthe'Lon- that a Society on a similar Plan, and with the same <£« Corre- patriotic Objects in View, is likely to be established at Newcastle upon 2yne — If ever a Crisis arrived that re-cvtie. quired the Exertions of the People to stop the Tor-Vol. 49.

rent of Corruption, Infamy, and Despotism, that seems Second Re-likely to overwhelm them, it is the present — in God's port from Name then, let us use these Exertions — We are called cf°^"itte* upon by every Thing' that is dear to us, as Men and 0 TBC^' -as Christians. The Cause of Truth and Liberty must Appendix H. finally be Omnipotent; therefore doubt not that the glorious Reign of Liberty and Equality will ere long be established, and modem Governments, with every Appendage of Wickedness and Corruption, will fee in Time from their genial Influence, as Beasts of Prey to their Dens of Rapine and Darkness from the rising Sun.

The London Corresponding Society have beheld with Indignation the rapid Advances of Despotism in Britain, and are ready cordially to unite with every other Society in the Three Kingdoms, who have for their Object a full and effectual Representation of the People; they therefore have deputed Six of their Members to meet Six Members of the Society for Constitutional Information, to form a Committee of Correspondence and, Co-operation; this Committee meets regularly Twice a Week at No. 2, Beaufort Buildings, Strand, where any Member delegated by your Society will meet with every Information required. —

We inclose you a few of our Resolutious, entered into at our General Meeting on the 14th of April, which will be sufficiently explanatory of our Sentiments and Views.

We heartily unite with you in wishing that the Hydra of Tyranny and Imposition may soon fall under the Guillotine of Truth and Reason.

Sheffield, May 11th, 1794.

Friend and Fellow Citizen,

The Friends of -Peace and Reform in Halifax having held a general Public Meeting in the open Air, on Monday April 21st, 1794, at which were many Friends from Leeds, Wakefield, Huddersfield, Bradford, and the adjacent Neighbourhood, the Friends of Freedom, after the Meeting, agreed to hold a General Meeting of Delegates at Bristol, in order to consider on the Measures to be adopted by them preparatory to General Convention. After which our worthy

a

Friend Citizen

of Halifax, being ordered to

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Constitutional Society at Sheffield, to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Copy of a Letter from the Constitutional Society at Norwich to the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society.

Sheffield to get the Proceedings of the Meeting printed, and consult with us upon the Subject, they were advised by us to defer at present the Meeting of Dele-

r.tes, untilfurther Information from you on that Subject.

was therefore ordered, at our last Committee Meeting, to write to you, requesting the Favour of as early Intelligence as possible on that important Business. We are not in the least intimidated in Sheffield, as we can call and hold a public Meeting whenever Circumstances renders the same necessary; besides, in the House where I reside, we have a large commodious Room, where the Society can peaceably meet in Rotation.

By Order of the Committee,

* Secretary.

SUPPLEMENT to the Second Report from Supplement the Committee to whom the several Papers re- to Second ferred to in His Majesty's Message of the 12th Committee1 Day of May 1794, and which were presented of Secrecy, (sealed up) to the House, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, upon the 12th and 13th Days of the said Month, by His Majesty's Command, were referred; arid who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the same,' as they should appear to them, to the House.

Since the Second Report of the Committee was presented to the House, a Letter has been received by the Chairman of the Committee from Mr. Grey, a Member of this House, and One of the Members of the Society of the Friends of die People, on the Subject

of

738

.6° yunii.

A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

V. Page 40, printed Report.

of the Correspondence between that Society and the Scotch Convention.

From One of the Enclosures transmitted by Mr. Grey, it appears that the Letters of the Secretary of the Friends of the People, dated the 23d July and 29th October, which, are referred to in the Second Report, were written without any Authority from the Society, or from any Committee of the Society, and are considered by him as only private and personal Communications from himself: Although this Circumstance did not distinctly appear on the Face of the Letters, there is nothing in the Manner in which they are referred to by your Committee inconsistent with it; and although your Committee, on -examining these Papers, find nothing in their former Statement erroneous; yet, being desirous of putting the House fully in Possession of all the additional Information which they have received on this Subject, they have thought that the most Satisfactory Way of doing so, is to subjoin the Papers communicated by Mr. Grey, without any Comment on the Observations and Reasoning therein contained.

APPENDIX.

Appendix, N*. 1.

Chapel Street, June 14th.

Sir,

Upon seeing, in the Second Report of the Secret Committee, the Society of the Friends of the People introduced as acting in Conceit and Correspondence with the Scotch Convention, I thought it necessary to make immediate Enquiry of the Secretary, as to the Circumstances of any Communication that might have passed between them. — The Result of that Enquiry, which I desired him to state to me by Letter, I have now the Honour of inclosing to you, in order that you may have an opportunity, if you think it material to do so, of correcting what appears to me to be an erroneous Statement in the Report of the Committee. I have also inclosed a printed Copy of the Proceedings of the Scotch Convention, previous to the Time of the only Communication ever made by them to the Friends of the People, in December 1792, that it may be seen to what-the Vote of Thanks, inserted in the Report, really referred.

I have the Honour to be, Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant,

C. GREY.

The R* honw* Wm Pitt.

Appendix, N#. 2.

Frith Street, Soho; Wednesday Evening, June nth, 1794.

Sir,

In -compliance with your Desire of being accurately informed what Correspondence the Friends of the People in London have had with the Convention in Scotland, or with Mr. Skirving, its Secretory, I send you the following Particulars, which contain not only the Substance of the Communications with the Society, but also of those I have personally made, and of the whole Subject, as far as it has come within my Knowledge.

The First Convention at Edinburgh, in favour of Parliamentary Reform, consisted exclusively of Dele-

?ites from the different Societies of the Friends of the eople in Scotland. By their Minutes they appear to have declined communicating with any Society which did not take that Tide. They first met on the 11th of December 1792, and sat only Three Days. Their Name of " Convention'' was familiar to Meetings in Scotland', and they stated the Object of their Institution to have been to consolidate the common Strength of the Friends of Reform in that Part of the Country; which is the very same Reason given for the Establish-

ment of a similar Body, for a similar Purpose, in London, in 1780.

In their last Sitting, on the 13th of December, they voted that certain Resolutions should be sent to the Friends of the People in London', which, together with the Letter inclosing them, 1 herewith transmit. This was the only Communication made from that Body. The Answer to it stated, that by some Accident the Resolutions mentioned in the Letter were not inclosed; but that the Society had seen them in the Newspapers: It also assured them of the Approbation and Concurrence of the Friends of the People in London, according to the Terms of their several Declarations. I afterwards received printed Copies of its Proceedings, in December 1792, and May 1793, and could not perceive any Thing in them that was not strictly confined to a reasonable Parliamentary Reform.

On the 2d of May 1793, after having sat Three Days, it adjourned till October. Many Gentlemen of great Respectability and of large Property were Members of it. The Magistrates of Edinburgh did not molest, or, as far as ever I could learn, even blame it. And when, in the House of Commons, the Question of Parliamentary Reform was so fully discussed, on the 6th and 7th of May 1793, in which the Subject of a National Convention was introduced and reprobated, the slightest Notice was not taken of the Convention at Edinburgh, though it had assembled in the preceding December and published its Proceedings, and had again assembled, Seven Days before the Debate, for the Purpose of collecting and forwarding many of the very Petitions in Favour of Reform, which were then under Discussion; — a Business which it publicly avowed, and which many Days prior to the Debate was published in the London Newspapers.

The next Letter received from Mr. Skirving, so for as I recollect, was in the Middle of October 1793; it was signed by him, as Secretary to the Society of the Friends of the People in Edinburgh, and not as Secretary to the Convention. It solicited the Society of the Friends of the People in London to send Delegates to the ensuing Convention of the Friends of the People at Edinburgh, appointed for the 29th of the same Month. I shewed the Letter to Two or Three Members who happened to be then in Town, and they agreed with me that I ought to send an Answer to the following Effect: — Acquainting Mr. Skirving, That on a Subject so important as that of sending Delegates to the Convention at Edinburgh, it would be necessary to consult the Society; but that the Shortness of the Time rendered it impossible to give proper Notice, first for calling the Committee, (which was not then sitting, and which alone could assemble the Society) and then for calling a General Meeting; the Shortness of the Time I represented as the more objectionable in that Season of the Year, when very few Members were in Town. I, however, told him that I had consulted some Members on the Subject, and they had agreed with me, without deciding on the Propriety of the Measure, that the Notice was insufficient, and that therefore his Request could not be complied with. I added, that it was highly probable some Members of the Society, then in Scotland, would be present, and that whatever they agreed to I had no Doubt the Society would confirm. I said Lord Lauderdale might perhaps attend. No Person in London saw this Answer after it was drawn up. It was entirely of my own writing; and I think it was stated in it that it was merely a private personal Communication from myself.

I afterwards understood that the Convention of Delegates from the Friends of the People in Scotland assembled accordingly on the 29th of October, and sat, as they had done at their former Meetings, Two or Three Days. They confined themselves

strictly

34 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

7 29

strictly, and I believe sincerely, to the Business of, Parliamentary Reform, and then adjourned for several Months. Soon after their Adjournment, however, the Delegates from the Societies in London and other Parts of England arrived. The Convention then reassembled on the igth of November; and it was not till after this Period that it assumed the Name of The British Convention instituted for the Purpose of obtaining Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments-, or adopted any Part of the Language or Conduct which (with what Justice I do not pretend to determine) have exposed it to so much Animadversion and Censure.

This is the Whole of the Correspondence, as far as I can recollect, that passed between the Friends of the People in London and the Convention, or Mr. Starving, at Edinburgh. The Correspondence that took place between Mr. S and myself could not, from Circumstances which occur in my Mind, be very important. He sent me the printed Minutes of the Convention, and I sent him the Publications of the Friends of the People in London. The last Time I wrote to him was about the End of October, acknowledging the Receipt of some Copies of Mr, Muir's Trial; and I perfectly remember concluding my Letter with a Hope that the Delegates from the Societies in London, who had then just departed to meet the Convention in Edinburgh, would not import into Scotland any of that intemperate Spirit which had brought Blame on the moderate and sincere Friends of Reform in England: I hoped that the Friends of the People in Scotland would continue to persevere with that Prudence and Moderation in the Cause of Parliamentary Reform, which had so justly obtained them the Approbation of the Friends to the Measure in England. — This Letter, I suppose, displeased Mr. Skirving, for he never after wrote to me, nor did I write to him.

Having now detailed the Whole of the Correspondence, to the best of my Remembrance, between the Convention and the Friends of the People in London, and between Mr. Skirving and myself, I think it my Duty to observe, without presuming to give any Opinion on the Conduct of the British Convention, that a material Distinction ought to be drawn between it and the Convention of the Friends of the People. The Proceedings of the latter, at their Meetings in December 1792 and May 1793, appear to me to have been such as the most timid Friend to Parliamentary Reform could not object to -Their Proceedings at their Meeting in October were, I believe, of the same Description. When -they assembled with the Delegates from England, indeed, another System seems to have been pursued. Their Meetings had always sat only Three Days at a Time, and they were settled to be held only Twice a Year. But after it became the British Convention, they then, and not till then, entered into all those Measures at which the Magistrates and Government have expressed so much Alarm; and it was not till then that they even declared decisively in favour of Universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments; it is therefore extremely material to remark, that no Blame has yet been thrown on the Convention of the Friends of the People at Edinburgh; and that between the British Convention and the Friends of the People in London no Correspondence of any Kind ever took place, nor even any Sort of Communication between Mr. Skirving and myself after its Institution.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most humble Obedient Servant,

DANIEL STUART.

To Charles Grey, Esq. M. P.

Yol. 49.

P. S. Since writing the above, I have seen the Secofid Re-Second Report of the Secret Committee of the House port from of1 Commons, in which Mention is made of Two c'°?ltnittee Letters that had escaped my Memory. The First Secrecy* of those Letters, containing a Resolution of Thanks,

I never made any Minute of, because those Thanks were not voted to the Scotch Convention in particular, as might be imagined from the . Statement in the V, Report, but were passed generally to all Societies which had assisted in the Cause of Parliamentary Reform. — After the Motion in the House of Commons, on the 6th of May 1793, the Society of the Friends of the People in London, on the 18th of the same Month, agreed to the following Resolution: That

" the Thanks of this Society be returned to the " various Societies in Correspondence with it, for " their Zeal and Activity in the Cause of Parliamentary Reform; and to express a Hope and Wish " that they will proceed with the same Spirit, Industry, and Temper, during the Interval between " the present Time and the Meeting of the next " Session of Parliament." — Besides sending Copies of this Resolution to the different Societies in England, it was resolved that Copies of it should be sent to the Chairmen of the Societies in Edinburgh arid Glasgow, requesting them to transmit the same to all the Societies in Scotland with which they corresponded. The Convention at Edinburgh wfas considered, by me,' not only as a Society with which the Friends of the People in London communicated, but as the best Channel for conveying the Resolution of Thanks over Scotland; and I of course sent them a Copy. But I do not find, nor do I believe, that I was instructed to address the Resolution to the Convention, in preference to the Edinburgh Society of Friends of the People.

With regard to the Second Letter mentioned in the Report, dated the 23d of July 1793, I do not, in the slightest Degree, remember it; but from the Passage there quoted I have not the least Doubt of its being mine: It contains the Language I have invariably held whenever the Subject of a Convention has been mentioned. But it is impossible I at that Time could have written as Secretary, either in the Name of the Society, which was not then sitting, it having adjourned on the 4th of June 1793, without again meeting till the 23d of January 1794; or, in the Name of the Committee, which did not meet from the 30th of April 1793 till the 17th of January 1794:

And as neither the Society nor the Committee ever authorized me to correspond in their Name, without their Knowledge, the Letter of the 23d of July must have been a private and personal One of my owrn —

I find that on the 20th of that Month I received a Parcel of the printed Minutes of the Convention, accompanied by a Letter from Mr. Skirving, in his own Name only, and not in the Name of any Society, in which I suppose he took that Opportunity of wishing to know my Opinion respecting a Convention in England. Of such private personal Letters I have written many, but as I did not consider them to concern the Society I never kept Copies of them. I am, however, certain, that if they were all published, none of them, or even any Parts of them, could with Justice be censured. The Third Letter mentioned in the Report is of the same private personal Nature with the Second: I think I wrote it in Haste, and I remember it the more particularly, as it was the last I sent to Mr. Skirving. I am very certain that when it is published in the Appendix, it will fully justify the Account I have already given of it in the Body of this Letter.

Thursday, 4 o'Clock.

8 Z

Appendix,

730

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

6° 7unii. A. 1794.

Appendix, N*. 3.

Sir,

I have the Honour to inform the Friends of the People in London, that the General Convention of Delegates from the various Societies of the Friends of the People throughout Scotland, unanimously agreed on Thursday last, die Third Day of their sitting in this Place, to address the Friends of the People in London, and the inclosed Letter of Address was accordingly ordered to be printed and transmitted.

I have taken upon me to direct the same to you, upon seeing your Name at their Resolutions, by this Day's Post; and to entreat you to communicate it at their First Meeting.

I will transmit all the Proceedings of the Convention so soon as the various Minutes and Resolutions are received from the Press.

With great Esteem, Edinburgh, 19th Dec. I am, Sir,

1792. Your most obedient

Humble Servant,

W. SKIRVING, Secretary.

Samuel Whitbread, Junior, Esq.

M. P. London.

Appendix, N#. 4.

Edinburgh, December 12th.

At a General Convention of the Delegates of the Friends of the People, held this Day,

Colonel Dalrymple in the Chair. Resolved,

That it appears to this Convention that very great Abuses have arisen in the Government of this Country, from a Neglect of the genuine Principles of the Constitution; that these Abuses have of late grown to an alarming Height, and produced great Discontents.

Resolved, That the essential Measures to be pursued, in order to remove these Abuses, and effectually to do away their mischievous Consequences, are, '

1st. To restore the Freedom of Election, and to equal Representation of the People in Parliament.

2d. To secure to the People a frequent Exercise of their Right of electing their Representatives.

Resolved, That for the Purpose of accomplishing these Constitutional Objects, the proper and legal Method is that of applying by Petition to Parliament.

Resolved, That since a speedy and complete Redress of our present Grievances will most effectually be obtained by the joint Co-operation of every Briton -who yet retains a Spirit and the Wish to be free, this Convention will, as far as their Principles and Objects allow them, co-operate with the Society of the Friends of the People in London.

Resolved, That this Resolution, along with those voted at a fprmer Convention, be transmitted by the Chairman to the Society of the Friends of the People -in London.

(Signed)

WILLIAM DALRYMPLE, Chairman. WILLIAM SKIRVING, Secretary.

Appendix, N*. 5.

The Minutes of the Proceedings of the General Convention of the Delegates from the Societies of the Friends of the People throughout Scotland. At their several Sittings in Edinburgh, on the Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth of December, 1792. — Edinburgh: Printed by J. Robertson, No. 39, South Bridge. Anno *793-

Baxter's Hall, Edin. Tuesday, Dec 1. 1792.

At Noon this Day, the Delegates from the several Societies of the Friends of the People, throughout

Scotland, assembled very numerously in their Convention Room here, in Compliance with the following Public Advertisement:

Sir,

The Convention of Delegates from the various Societies of THE FRIENDS OF THE PEOPLE, m and about Edinburgh, who assembled here upon the Twenty-first Instant, expressed an unanimous Wish for a General Convention of Delegates, from the various Societies in Scotland, established upon similar Principles.

If it shall meet the Approbation of the Majority of the Societies, they propose to hold a Convention, upon the Eleventh Day of December next, in the City of Edinburgh.

The various Advantages which will result to the Whole, from a Consolidation of our common Strength, are too obvious to be detailed. If you approve of this Measure, and resolve to send Delegates, inform us, in course of Post. It shall be our Care to prepare a proper Place for Meeting, of which we shall give you tinlely and regular Notice. Be pleased to direct your Letters to our Secretary, Mr. William Starving, Head of the Horse-wynd, Edinburgh.

By Order of the Committee of Convention,

W. SKIRVING, Sec'y.

Edinburgh, 1 Nov. 23. 1792./

P. S. We earnestly request of your Society, to communicate this Intimation to any Societies in your Neighbourhood, of whose Existence, in consequence of their not having published their Declaration of Principles, we may be ignorant.

A Convention of Delegates from every Society of Friends of the People in Scotland, will be held at Edinburgh, in Baxter's Hall, in James's Court, on Tuesday the Eleventh of December next, at Twelve o'Clock Noon, against which Time the General Committee shall have every Thing prepared for the Reception of the Delegates.

After a short Conversation, Messrs. Bell, Muir, and Skirving, the present President, Vice-President,

and Secretary of the Edinburgh General Association of the Friends of the People, were requested to officiate in these several Capacities, until the Powers of the Delegates should be verified.

Mr. Hugh Bell in the Chair.

The Commissions to the several Delegates were produced, and read. The Roll being made up, was called over, Name by Name, and Intimation several Times made, that if the Name of any Delegate had been omitted, it should now be given in The Convention was then declared assembled; and the President, Vice-President, and Secretary retired.

General Convention assembled.

Some Conversation took place relative to Office Bearers and Committees, and the Impropriety of having these permanent. The Convention at length, on the Motion of Lord Daer, resolved, That they would elect a President each Day or Sitting; and, upon a Motion by Thomas Muir, Younger, Esquire, of Huntershill, it was resolved, That the Secretary should be permanent.

Lieut. Col. Dalrymple of Fordel was then unanimously called to the Chair; and W. Skirving of Strath-ruddy elected Secretary.

Col. Dalrymple in the Chair.

After some Motions relating to Order, moved by Lord Daer and Mr. Fowler, and ordered to be laid upon the Table in Writing, the Convention pro-3 ceeded

34 Geo. III. 6° Jun731

ceeded to a Declaration of Principles; and a Scroll of Resolutions being presented- by John Esq.

Advocate, the Convention, upon his Motion, resolved itself into a Committee, to consider the same, and to Report against Tomorrow's Sitting.

Resumed the Convention.

Col. Dalrymple in the Chair.

Mr. Muir moved, That the Two Motions made

by Capt. Johnston, resolved and published by the General Association of the Friends of the People, in and about Edinburgh, be also adopted and published, as the Resolutions of the General Convention. The same was agreed to unanimously, and a Copy, drawn up in proper Form, was ordered to be laid before the Convention Tomorrow. A Motion was made to adjourn till 6 o'Clock in the Evening; but, as this was opposed, it was agreed to adjourn till to o'Clock next Forenoon.

Convention Room, Wednesday, 10

The Delegates assembled conform to the Adjournment. Lord Daer moved, that the President of the former Day take the Chair till the Meeting was full, and that then they should elect their President for the Day, agreeable to their former Resolution; and the same was adopted.

Col. Dalrymple in the Chair.

Lord Daei', as ordered Y esterday, gave into the Table the following Motions;

1. That it shall not be a Rule, that when a Motion is made and seconded, it shall be decided upon before any other be heard.

2. That when a Subject is announced as the Business for Consideration, it shall be permitted to any Person to propose what Motions thereon he shall think it is proper should be adopted; and that when all the Motions are laid on the Table which any wish to propose, a Vote shall be put, which Proposal shall be first taken into Consideration.

3. That when any Business is under Consideration, any incidental Motion may be introduced; and if the Meeting choose not to take it into Consideration at that Moment, the Meeting shall declare this, by resolving to pass on to the ordinary course of Business.

4. That any Motion may be discussed the Day it is proposed; but that it shall not be finally decided or published to the World, till it be confirmed next Day.

The Meeting being now full, Lord Daer was unanimously called to the Chair.

Lord Daer in the Chair.

Mr. Muir rose, to read a printed Paper, which had been sent from Ireland, entitled, Address of the United' Irishmen in Dublin, to the Delegates for Reform in Scotland-, the reading of it was opposed, in point of Form, the same not being before the House; but the Address being declared a masterly Performance, and a Declaration that afforded the most flattering Evidence of the Union and Philanthropy of the Friends of Reform in Ireland, the reading of it was universally called for. After reading the same, the Convention passed to the Order of the Day.

Lord Daer being obliged to leave the Meeting, the last Preses was called to the Chair as a Matter of Course.

Col. Dalrymple in the Chair.

The Report of the Committee was called for, the Resolutions adopted in Committee were read, and debated Paragraph by Paragraph, when the following were, with great Unanimity, resolved in Convention, and ordered to be published.

Resolved, That this Convention, taking under Consideration the insidious, wicked, and inflammatory Artifices, employed by the Enemies of all Reform, Vol. 49-

to misrepresent and calumniate the Friends of the Second Re-People, as the Promoters of Public Discord, and Ad- P?'1 vocates for an unjust and absurd Violation of private of°Secreey?

Property, by.an equal Division — Think it incumbent ——

upon them to declare, that they hold all such unprincipled Designs in utter Detestation and Abhorrence, and that they will maintain the established Constitution of Great Britain, on its genuine, acknowledged Principles, consisting of Three Estates — King, Lords, and Commons.

Resolved, That the Members of this Convention will, to the utmost of their Power, concur in aiding and strengthening the Hands of the Civil Magistrates throughout this Kingdom, to repress Riot and Tumult, and all Attempts whatsoever to disturb the Tranquillity, Happiness, and good Order of Society.

Resolved, That it appears to this Convention, that very great Abuses have arisen in the Government of this Country, from a Neglect of the genuine Principles of the Constitution; that these Abuses have of late grown to an alarming Height, and produced great Discontents.

Resolved, That the essential Measures to be pursued, in order to -remove these Abuses, and effectually to do away their mischievous Consequences, are,

First, To restore the Freedom of Election, and an Equal Representation of the People in Parliament.

And,

Secondly, To secure to the People a frequent Exercise of their Right of Electing their Representatives.

Resolved, That, for the Purpose of accomplishing these Constitutional Objects, the proper and legal Method is, that of applying by Petition to Parliament

Resolved, That these Resolutions be printed in the Scotland English Newspapers; and also be printed in Hand-bills, for general Distribution among the Associated Friends of the People, in different Parts of Scotland.

Adjourned till 6 o'Clock in the Evening.

Convention Hall, Wednesday, 6 .

Col. Dalrymple in the Chair.

The Secretary presented the Plan of Organization for individual Societies, for District Associations, and for General Conventions; together with a written Motion by Mr. Fowler, for a Committee of Publications, for the Purpose of communicating Instruction.

The same were received; and Messrs. Wilson and Fowler were requested to bring them before the House at a proper Opportunity.

Mr. Muir and others brought forward the following Motions, which were unanimously adopted; namely,

Resolved, That this Convention do address the Friends of the People at London.

Resolved, That the Thanks of the Convention be returned to Messrs. Grey, Erskine, the Earl of Lauderdale, the Marquis of Lansdowne, Col. Ml Lead, Lord Daer, and Col. Dalrymple', for their patriotic Services in the Cause of the People: To J. H. Tooke, Esq; for his masterly Support of Freedom: To the Hon.

Major Maitland, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Muir, Mr. Bell, and Capt. Johnston, for their important Assistance to overturn Corruption; also to the Right Hon. Charles Fox, for his determined Speech in the last Meeting of the Whig Club; and lastly, to all those Members of the House of Commons, who have supported in Parliament the Cause of the People.

Agreed to Captain Johnston's Two Resolutions of Yesterday, which are as follow:

Resolved, That it be recommended to each Society of the Friends of the People, to expunge from the Roll of their Members, the Name or Names of any Individual or Individuals, who may have acted illegal

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy*

732 errujUi. 4.1794.

gaily, tumultuously, or in any Way to the Disturbance of die Public Peace.

Resolved', That any Individual or Individuals of the Societies of the Friends of the People* whose Conduct may have been legal and orderly, and who maybe persecuted by the Arm of Power, for adhering to the Cause of the People, be defended by the united Strength of the Friends of the People.

The Five following Motions which Mr. Skirving proposed, were ordered to lie on the Table: '

I. That the Friends of the People in Britain should unite in the Application to Parliament, both as to the Extent of Reform to be demanded, and as to the Manner of executing their Petition for the same.

II. That, therefore, this Convention should send

Two or Three Deputies to Lyto Concert a Common Plan with, the Friends of the People there, advising always with the General Committees at Edinburgh, Glasgow, *&c.

III. That these Committees, while the Deputies remain at London, should meet Weekly, in order to instruct the Deputies from Time to Time.

IV. That when a Common Plan of Operation is thus procured, a General Convention be called, to approve or amerfd the same, and particularly to direct the Manner in which the Petitions shall be executed and presented to Parliament.

V. That the Convention recommend, That the Friends of the Constitution and of the People, be in the mean Time diligent, in forming themselves every where into Societies, in order to give the greater energy to their Petitions.

Mr. Allan proposed the following to be added to the Resolutions already adopted:

That, in order to supersede the Necessity ctf constantly resorting to the Aid of a Military Force, it be recommended by the Convention, to the Associated Friends of the People in the different Parts of the Country to hold themselves in readiness to support the Civil Magistrate, when required, for the Suppression of any Popular Tumults that may arise in their Neighbourhood.

This Motion was deferred, on account of its Importance, till next day.

Mr. Muir moved, to appoint a Committee of- Finance; and the following Resolutions were unanimously adopted; namely,

Resolved, That each District Association, shall have a Committee for regulating their own respective Finances — That the several Committees of Finance, shall correspond with the Edinburgh Committee of Finance, as the Committee also of Finance for the General Convention, and remit to this Committee, as such, their respective Contributions for the Public Interest.

Resolved, That this Committee of General Finance, in Edinburgh, shall l&y before each Convention a State of the Receipt and Expenditure.

Resolved, That the Convention, on the First Day of their sitting, appoint a Committee of Constraint, for the Purpose of inspecting the Accounts of the Convention's Committee of Finance; and report the Result of their Examination to the Convention.

A Motion that had been formerly made verbally, and adopted in the Resolutions, to petition was resumed; and the Convention resolved to petition Parliament with all convenient Speed; and a.Committee was appointed to draw up a Schedule of said Petition, and to present the same Tomorrow.

Adjourned, till Ten o'Clock Tomorrow.

Convention Hall, Thursday, 10 o'Clock.

The Delegates convened conform to Adjournment; Colonel Dalrymple in the Chair.

Mr. Morthland moved, to have the Two following

Resolutions added to the former Ones:

Resolved, That since a speedy and complete Redress of our present Grievances will be most effectually obtained by the joint Co-operation of every Briton, who yet retains the Spirit and the Wish to be free, this Convention will, as far as their Principles and Objects will allow them, co-operate with the Society of the Friends of the People in London.

Resolved, That this Resolution, along with those voted at a former sitting of this Convention, {Page 731) be transmitted, by the Chairman, to the Society of the Friends of the People in London.

And the same was ordered accordingly.

Mr. Fowler read the Copy of the Petition to Parliament which had been ordered; and it met with general Approbation, as to the Matter of it; and was remitted back' to the Committee, to be put into the Form appointed by the House of Commons, and thereafter transmitted to the different Societies for Approbation.

Mr. Wilson then brought forward the Plan of Organization, for the different Bodies of the Friends of the People; after reading over the Whole of it, the Convention recognised the Right of individual Societies, to regulate their own internal Order, and resolved, That these Words be inserted, with Power to any Ten Towns, in which there is a Society of the Friends of the People, to ‘call a General Convention

Mr. Morthland next brought forward the following Motion, proposed by Mr. Ritchie, of Edinburgh.

Moved, That <the Secretary to this Convention, transmit to the Secretary of Burgesses associated, for the Purpose of obtaining a Reform in the internal Government of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, a Letter inclosing the Resolutions, containing the Declaration of Principles drawn up and published by this Convention, and recommending to the Burgesses, if the above Declaration of Principles meets their Approbation, to co-operate with the Friends of the People, in the common Cause of obtaining the great Objects of Reform expressed in these Resolutions.

In Place of this Motion, the following was submitted by Mr. Skirving, and seconded by Captain Johnston and others.

Moved, That if any Members of the Association for Borough Reform, apply to the Friends of the People to be admitted, they will be Received cordially. But the Convention can admit no Societies, but societies of the Friends of the People.

After a long Debate, the Votes were taken, and the First Motion was negatived, and the Second adopted.

Upon the Motion of Dr. Yule, an Address to the Citizens of Britain at large, was unanimously resolved, and a Committee appointed to draw up the same.

The following Motion, submitted by Mr. Ellis, was likewise unanimously resolved:

That it be recommended to the People, to form Associations in every County, composed of Members from the different Societies in that County, in order to ascertain the State of Population, the Number of Electors, the Quantity of Taxes paid, the partial Taxes, and the local Grievances of that County. That they publish the same, or transmit them to the Committee of Finance at Edinburgh.

Mr.

The Plan of Organization to be revised and published by the Edinburgh Association.

Googh

34 Geo. III.

6° yun.

733

Mr. Fowler then moved, " That the Thanks of the Convention be returned to Convener Lindsay of bridge., and the other Friends of Liberty, who, in a liberal and manly Manner, refuted the Aspersions thrown on the Conduct and Intentions of the FRIENDS OF THE PEOPLE, in the late Meeting of the Fourteen Incorporated Trades of the same was unanimously agreed to, and the Convention , expressed their Sense of the Benefit which was done to the Cause by the Patriotic Conduct of that Meeting at large.

Captain Johnston in the Chair.

Resumed the Consideration of Mr. Allan's Motion of Yesterday; when sundry Members thinking that it was expressed substantially in the Second General Resolution, (Page 731) now printed, Mr. Allan agreed to withdraw it.

It was then resolved, That the Thanks of the Convention be given to the Secretary, Mr. for his

unremitted Application to the Business of the Society; and that a small Committee be appointed to assist him in extending, and publishing the Proceedings of this Convention.

John Millar, Esq. Advocate, called the Attention of the Convention, to certain Resolutions in the Edinburgh Herald of the Day, of which the following is a Copy:

"We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being unanimously and decidedly of Opinion, That for the Security and Happiness of all Classes of our Fellow-countrymen, for the Maintenance of our own Rights and Liberties, and for those of our Posterity, it is, in the present Moment, incumbent upon us, and all good Subjects, to give to the Executive Government an effectual Support in counteracting the Efforts of Sedition, and in suppressing, in their Beginnings, all Tumults or Riots, on whatever Pretence they may be excited; do hereby publicly declare our Determination to take all such Steps for these Purposes as are within the Limits of our Duty in the several Stations in which the Constitution of our Country has placed us and to afford, by our Individual Exertions, that active Assistance to the Authority of the lawful Magistrate, and to the Maintenance of the Established Government, which is at all Times due from the Subjects of this free and happy Kingdom;, but which we feel to be more peculiarly necessary at a Time when insidious Attempts have been made to deceive and mislead the unwary.

" With these Sentiments, and to this Intent, we

are

" Resolved, and do declare,

" That we will stand by the Constitution with our Lives and Fortunes.

" That we will jointly and individually use our utmost Endeavours to counteract all seditious Attempts, and, in particular, all Associations for the Publication of Dispersion of seditious and inflammatory Writings, or tending to excite Disorders and Tumults within this Part of the Kingdom.

" That we wifi, on every Occasion, exert ourselves on the first Appearance of Tumult or Disorder, to maintain the Public Peace, and to act in Support of the Civil Authority for suppressing all Riots and Tumults that may be excited.

" And whereas, we are of Opinion, that it would greatly conduce to the Maintenance of Peace and good Order, that Means should be used to give such just and proper Information to our Fellow-subjects as may tend to remove the false and delusive Opinions that have been industriously circulated. amongst them, and to impress on their Minds a proper Sense of the invaluable Blessings secured to this Nation by our happy Constitution: we have agreed diligently to Vol. 49.

promote the Circulation of such Writings as may con- Second Retribute to this important End." port from

Having read these Resolutions, he moved, that the c, T^ttee Convention do approve of the same, and in Testimony ° recy' of such Approbation, that the President and Secretary, with as many of the Delegates as still remain in Town, shall subscribe the Paper now lying in Goldsmith's Hall.

Mr. Morthland seconded the Motion.

Some Delegates, particularly Mr. Christie of Laurencekirk, doubted the Propriety of the Motion. notwithstanding of which it was resolved, That the Delegates, in Parties of Eight or Ten at a Time, should gp down and subscribe the same; adding to their Names,

Friend of the People, or Delegate, &c.

Upon the President and a few more withdrawing for that Purpose, Mr. John Clark, Architect, was called to the Chair, when after some Conversation, the Meeting was adjourned till Six o'Clock in the Evening.

The Delegates having Once more assembled conform to Adjournment Mr. Bisset from Dundee, was unanimously called to the Chair.

Mr. Bisset in the Chair.

The Convention resolved, That a great Number of their Resolutions and Minutes be printed, and sent to all the Societies, and committed the same to the Direction of the Committee of Finance at Edinburgh; and Mr.

Muir moved, that the Secretary be enjoined to give sufficient Notice to the Edinburgh Committee of Finance, that they were likewise appointed the Committee of Finance for the General Convention; and upon the Secretary's Motion, the following Instructions, drawn up by Mr. Muir, were unanimously recommended to their Observation:

To the Committee of Finances of the Edinburgh Convention.

" The General Convention has instructed each particular Society, to form a Committee of Finance, for managing their own private and public Contributions.

The Convention has requested you to take the Management of the Expences which their Sittings here may have incurred. In this Department of their Business, they consider you as their Committee. The particular Societies will transmit to you their respective Proportions of the general Expence. The First General Convention has left each particular Society to the Freedom, of their own Will, in regard to the different Assessments they may lay upon their Members."

" You will keep a regular Accompt of the public Expenditure and Outlay, which you will lay before each General Convention for their Examination."

" As soon as you have collected the Amount of the general Expence, inform each particular Society by a circular Letter, in order that die Societies may, without Delay, transmit to you their respective Proportions."

A respectable Member informed the Convention, that a Society had been just now formed upon the Principles of the Friends of the People, whose Members in general, were Gendemen of landed Property to a very considerable Extent.

Mr. Morthland moved, that the Thanks of the Convention be returned to Mr. Fowler, for his eminent Services in the Business of the Convention; and the same were given unanimously.

It was then moved by Mr. Drummond, to thank the Country Delegates, for their ardent Zeal in the Cause, manifested by coming up so numerously at this inclement Season, and for their disinterested Conduct during the Sitting; and this was done with heart-felt Satisfaction.

Mr. Bisset in the Chair begged Leave to move the Return of Thanks from the Country Delegates, to those in the Town and Neighbourhood, for the Care and Attention to the Cause which they had manifested,

9 A in

734

6° — 7° — 11°

unit.

A. 1794.

Second Report from Committee of Secrecy.

in assembling so opportunely and properly a Convention of the Societies of the Friends of the People, And to this the Country Delegates heartily consented.

The President then addressed the Delegates, exhorting them to persevere in the great and good Cause in which they had embarked, until their Object should be completely attained.

The warm Approbation, with which the Convention received this Sentiment, sufficiently expressed their Concurrence in it, and their firm Determination to persevere.

Adjourned.

W. SKIRVING, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 7° Junii;

Anno 34® Georgii III. U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

Trial of, Mr. r~jT' H E Managers appointed to make good the Ar-1 las tings. X tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Hall-,

The Lord* have agreed to

Stanwix and Scotch Dyke, &c. Road Bill.

Amendments to Insolvent Debtors Bill.

The Lords

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Barnes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Lyne Bridge, through to the Scotch

Dyke, and from Longtown to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker, an Infant; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Die Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, ip West-' minster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

House to ad- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the joumto House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning

Wednesday. next

Rucker's Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Bil] read. for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker, an Infant, was, read the -First Time.

Resolved^, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Loj-ds The House proceeded to take into Consideration the,

Amendments Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to Bill to An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act, of SiayAa the Thirteenth Year of His present Mtyestys Reign agreed to respecting the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain culled England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty*

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 4. Leave out " aforesaid" and insert " herein after mentioned."

1. 22. Leave out " aforesaid " and insert " herein after mentioned."

And it appearing to the House, from the Context in the Bill, that the said Amendments related to certain Payments directed to be made by Persons keeping Carts and Carriages in lieu of their Performance of Statute Duty on the Public Highways, according to certain Rates mentioned in a subsequent Part, and not in a former Part of the said Bill, to which Rates it was the manifest Intention of this House that the Words mentioned in the said Amendments should refer :> Which Mistake in the said Bill, as it passed this House, appeared to have been occasioned by the Cir-' cumstance, that in the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways (from whence the present Bill appears to be taken) the Clause similar to that amended by the Lords in this Bill is placed subsequent to the Clause specifying the Rates of Payment; and- when the Clauses were by this Bill differently arranged, proper Attention was not given to make the necessary Alteration in the Words which are the Subject of the Lords Amendments;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second-Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a special Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons for agreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, from the Committee of Secrecy, delivered in to the House an Appendix to the Report, which was Yesterday made from the said Committee.

The said Appendix is entered in the Proceedings of Yesterday, after the Report to which it belongs.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of die Members of the House.

Appendix to Second Report from Committee of Secrecy delivered in.

Rucker's Nat. Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Ordered, That the Report, which was Yesterday made Day appoint-from the Committee of Secrecy, be taken into Consider- edforconsi-ation upon Friday Morning next. . froniCom

mittee of

And them the House adjourned dll Wednesday Morn- Secrecy, ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die;

Anno 34® Georgii III*" Regis, 1.794,

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against WarrenHadings, Hastings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-,

A Message by Mr. Qjxprme, Yepman Usher of the Royal Amt Black Rod? toBilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized, by virtue of His Majesty's. v L ' G«nmiasion

34 Geo. III.

1 r Junn.

735

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House, of Peers,

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to Stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper:

An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents:

' An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty:

An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament:

An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors:

An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty:

An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biseuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands:

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the same Parish, to sell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, a certain Plot of Ground situate within, and belonging to, the said Parish, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish:

An Act for better regjilating the Harbour of Doper, in the County of Kent: '

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Bhttdries find other Works in th,e Counties of Kent ami Devon . ' '

Vo l. 49.

An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands oh the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise ctf lan, in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diserth and Meliden, in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and sell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads from in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to continue the Term, and to reduce into One Act the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beacon field, in the County of Buckingham, to Stoken-church, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair, the Roading leading from Lyne Bridge, through Longtmvn, to the Scotch Dyke, and from to the Bridge

over the River of Sark, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton, in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling, of Glorat, Baronqt, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay oft" the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony:

An Act for effectuating ap Exchange between James Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry scad Sir Richard Hill, Baronet: .

An Act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estate^ of Dame Harriot, the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright, Baronet, late Harriot Croftes, Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright

An Act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York:

An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, noV held under one Lease:

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Time heing, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory:

An Act to enable Thomas Lane, Esquire, to grant Building, Repairing, mid Improving Leases of Estates devised to him bfHtnry Bosville, Esquire, deceased, in

the Counties of jKent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey:

Au

A. 1794.

736 11° — 12° — 13° — 14° — 16° Junil

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

An Act &r dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund, in die East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes -thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open- and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within die Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Veneris, 13° die Junii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Praters.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°urned-not present; yet it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Considers- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon tion of Report Saturday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday mittee of^Se- Morning next, the Report, which upon Friday last, crecy defer- was made from the Committee of Secrecy, might be red. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken in Consideration upon Monday Morning next

Rucker's Nat An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

BUI com- for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker, an Infant was nutted* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sabbati, 14° die Junii;

Anno 34° Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Praters.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Trial of Mr.

Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day; and Hastings. Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from the Lords, respecting the Time at‘which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of the 27th Day of January last, although there were not Forty Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Junii;

Anno 34° Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords

Mr- sre* , Scsi

Mr. Speaker, mgs's TriaL

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Praters And it being after Four of the Clock, the House was

____ ' counted by Mr. Speaker, and Three Members only being

Trial of Mr. *THHE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren present;

Hastings. A Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day; and,

Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Mes- The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without

sage from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten

Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the of the Clock.

Chair, according to the Order of the 27th Day of January last, although there were not Forty Members

present, and directed the Messengers to be called in '' ' ——

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and will proceed Mr. Pepys .* on Mr. Hast- Mr. Speaker,

iogs's TriaL Th*. Lords have commanded ns to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of die Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And it being after Four of the Clock, die House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Five Members only being '-present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question' first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lamas, 16° die Junii;

Anno 34® Georgii III" Regis, 1794.

Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Hasting*. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lord* Mr. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for pre-Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, serving

' French Pro-

in

petty.

Bill to continue, and ‘imend, Act ii»r regulating the shipping ot Slaves, with Amendments.

Penitentiary House Bill, with Amendments.

Rucker'sNat. Bill reported, and passed.

Address for Dignity lor the Chaplain.

Journal to be printed.

Address for Money for printing the Journals.

Address for Expence of printing the Votes.

Address for Expences of printing Bills, Reports, &c.

34 Geo. III. 16° yunii.

737

in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for ai limited Time, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, " several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa ;"with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, for confining and employing Convicts; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker, an Infant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-ninth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have bedn, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this-House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Vol.49.

Papers, which. have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Returns of

suant to the Directions of several Acts of Parlia- Quahfic*-

tions of De-

ment) puty Lieu-

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants tenants and and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Militia Offi- Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of8en Commons on the nth Day of June 1793.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, 'by the Lord Chief The Lords Justice Eyre and the Lord Chief Baron Macdonald: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, ^an Ad'

The Lords have agreed upon an Address to be presented to His Majesty; to which the Lords desire the Cqncurrence of this House.

Ana then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration the Communications, which Your Majesty has been pleased to make to us, respecting Designs against the Public Peace and Safety carried on within this Realm, think it our bounden Duty, at this Period, humbly to lay before Your Majesty those Sentiments to which we are led by the Result of that Examination.

We have seen, with the utmost Concern and Indignation, that there has existed within this Realm a seditious and traitorous Conspiracy, directed to the Subversion of the Authority of Your Majesty and Your Parliament, and to the utter Destruction of the established Constitution and Government of these Your Majesty's Kingdoms; and that, for the Execution of those wicked and detestable Designs, Means of open Violence were preparing, and Acts meditated leading to all the Horrors of Insurrection, Anarchy, and Rebellion.

That, with the fullest Conviction of these Designs, thus deliberately entertained, openly avowed, and on the very Point of being attempted to be executed, we feel ourselves bound to express to Your Majesty our Gratitude for the paternal Care which Your Majesty has shewn for the dearest Interests of Your People, in having taken such Measures as might best tend to defeat all such Purposes, and to bring the Authors and Abettors of them to Public Justice.

We have, on our Part, proceeded without after the Example of our Ancestors, and under vne just Impression of the Exigency of such a Situation, to vest in Your Majesty, by Law, such additional as seem best calculated to provide foT the 17 *1C Peace and Tranquillity: and we rely with Confidence on Your Majesty's employing all Legal and Constitutional Means for the Punishment of such;

for the Suppression of the first Appearance of any Tumult or Disorder connected with them; and* generally, for the giving, as the Circumstances manifestly require, full Energy and Vigour to the Execution of the Laws by which all Your Majesty's Subjects

9 B are

738 16° — 17° Jmii. 1794.

are equally protected, arid ftoitt which alone they can derive the secure Enjoyiftent of Property, of Liberty, arid of Life itself.

And we beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that as we are determined to defend with Resolution and Vigour, against our Foreign Enemies, the Rights of Your Majesty's Crown, the Safety and Welfare of our Country, and the Existence of good Order and Civil Society, so we Will, on every Occasion, afford to Your Majesty the fullest Support and Assistance in maintaining inviolate the free Constitution of these Realms, in preserving internal Peace and Tranquillity, and in resisting die desperate Purposes of those, who would introduce among us the Miseries which now prevail in France; such being the Conduct which we feel to be due from us, as Faithful and affectionate Subjects, and as Men deeply impressed with the Value of the Blessings which we enjoy.

Ordered, That the said Address be taken into further Consideration at the same Time that the House do proceed upon the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Report which, upon the 6th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee of Secrecy.

Supplement Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, from the Committee Mrtfrom 6" of Secrecy, delivered in to the House, a Supplement to Committee of the Report, which, upon the 6th Day of this Instant Secrecy de- June, was made from the said Committee; together with livered in Appendix thereunto.

And the said Supplement and Appendix were read.

The said Supplement and Appendix are inserted in the Proceedings of the 6th Instant, after the Report to which they belong.

Ordered, That the' said Supplement and Appendix do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Supplement and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

whb fall gloriously in the Navri! Engagement of the iat of June, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Admiral Earl Howe over the French Fleet; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Conned.

The Orders of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report, which, upon the 6th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee of Secrecy; and also, the Address to His Majesty, this Day brought from the Lords;

the said Report was again read.

And the said Address to His Majesty being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out from the Words " by the Resuit of that Examination," at the End oi the First Paragraph, to the Words " And we beg Leave to assure Your Majesty," at the Beginning of the last Paragraph.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Address;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the said Address to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vote of Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of

EarHiowe House be given to Admiral Earl Howe, for his

AdmiralWe' a^e and gallant Conduct in the most brilliant and Graves, &c. decisive Victory obtained over the French Fleet, on the &c. ist Day of this Instant June, by the Fleet under his

Command.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Admiral Graves, Admiral Sir Alexander Hood, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Rear Admiral Bowyer, Rear Admiral Caldwell, Rear Admiral Rear Admiral

and Sir Roger Curtis, Knight, and to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of Admiral Earl Howe, for their Bravery and gallant Conduct, on the said most glorious Occasion; and that Admiral Earl Howe do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Earl Howe, in the late glorious Victory over the French Fleet; and that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Admiral Earl Howe.

Address for Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad-erecting a dress be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring to the ivfemo- His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, ry of Captain that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church Montagu. of Saint Peter's, Westminster, to the Memory of Captain James Montagu, of His Majesty's Ship Montagu,

3

Martis, 17° die Junii;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1794. Prayers.

THE House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of " this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same: And that Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Newnham, and Sir James Sanderson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, for confining and employing Convicts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. I.13. Leave out "said."

1. 14. Leave out " before;" and in the same Line, after " mentioned " insert " in the said Act."

Pr. 11. 1. 24. Leave out froto " respectively" to " as," in Line 25, in- the same Press, and insert " for

" such

Report from Committee of Secrecy; and Address from the Lords; considered.

Lords Address agreed to.

London Mi* litia Bill ordered.

Lords

Amendments to Penitentiary House Bill agreed to.

34 Geo. III.

17° — 18° Junii.

739

Lords

Amendments to Bill to continue, and amend, Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves agreed to.

" such Time and under such Conditions."

Pr. 15. 1. 5. Leave out from "after"to "that," in Line 6, in the same Press, and insert " Notice given that the " said Piece or Pieces of Ground " hath or have been fixed upon " as hereinbefore mentioned."

Pr. 16. 1. 6. After " for" insert " Life or " Lives, or for."

Pr. 22. 1. 12. After " thereof" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it fur-

" ther Enacted, That nothing " in this Act contained shall extend to compel the Sale of " any Ground with a House or " other Building, side intended for the Purposes of " Habitation, upon it; or of " any Park, Paddock, Orchard, " or other Ground, inclosed for " the immediate Convenience u of any House, or of the Offices belonging thereto; or " any Ground improved as Pleasure Ground, or planted with " Wood; or any inclosed Ground " immediately adjoining to any " House, Park, Paddock, Garden, Orchard, Yard, or Pleasure Ground, and occupied " therewith; or any Ground " between any House and any Park, Paddock, Yard, Offices, " Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure " Ground belonging to such " House, and occupied therewith."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, " and to amend, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 5. Leave out " and;" and in the same Line, after " People," insert " or Inhabitants of Africa." 1. 8. Leave out " the " and insert " any;" and in the same Line, and Line 9, leave out " or Prosecution of" and insert for the " Purpose of procuring Slaves, " and committed by."

1. 9. Leave out " or Crew;" and in the same Line, after " of," insert

1. 10.

" Persons acting by the Direction of any such Master or " Commander respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Watkin Laves presented to the House, accord- London ing to Order, a Bill for amending so much of an Act, Militia Bill passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Present Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several " Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords

Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aliena Bill. Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom,

" or resident therein, in certain Cases;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Denison, from Certificate

the Corporation of Liverpool, attended at the Door; from Liver*

he was called in; and, at the-Bar, presented to the P00! t t sentea.

House,

A Certificate from the Common Council of the Corporation of Liverpool of the Notes issued, to the 6th Day of May last, under an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Common " Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of " Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes,

" for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount," and of the Value of the Securities taken for the same, and of the Value of the Notes which were in Circulation upon the said 6th Day of May.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Certificate was read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Certificate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 49.

any.

Leave out " Ships" and insert " Ship, or by any Person or Persons commanding any Boat or " Boats, or Party or Parties of " Men belonging to any such " Ship, or by any Person or

Mercurii, 18° die Junii \

Anno 34* Georgii III*" Regis 1794.

Praters. -

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to AddresAi House, that he had, according to Order, , ing been a A rlrlfrv tVia T Avrlfl f A wVllcVl their T carried to

hav-

ried the Address to the Lords, to wu»v.n u»i- - . , —

ships desire the Concurrence of this House, and^^^ the Lo

aequal

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to explain Act for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, with Amendments.

The Lords intend to be at St. James's at 3 o'Clock.

Answers to Addresses.

London Militia Bill committed.

740

18° — 19° — 20

A. 1794.

acquainted their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the same; and that he had left the Address with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain so much of tin Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the " Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the same into Consideration; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty had appointed to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament this Day at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James; and that the Lords intended to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Viscount Stafford reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (humbly desiring that His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's, Westminster, to the Memory of Captain

James Montagu, of His Majesty's Ship Montagu, who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the 1st of June, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Admiral Earl Howe over the French Fleet; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, that their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, as is desired.

Lord Viscount Stopford likewise reported to the House, that their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journals, and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

" An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties " of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 19° die Junii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*'* Regis, 1794*

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°urned-not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Junii;

Anno 340 Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That both Houses at- King's An-tended His Majesty upon Wednesday last, with swerioAd-their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to dress of Loth give this most Gracious Answer: 0UM*'

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I receive with great Satisfaction this dutiful and loyal Address.

I could not doubt of the Concern and Indignation with which you would see, from the Communications which I directed to be made to you, the Nature and Extent of the Treasonable Conspiracy which has been carried on in this Kingdom, and directed to the Subversion of the Established Constitution and Government: You may be assured that nothing shall be wanting, on My Part, to give due Energy and Vigour to the Execution of the Laws, in order to maintain our internal Peace and Tranquillity, and to preserve to My Subjects the Blessings of Liberty and Order.

Your uniform Conduct affords Me the surest Pledge that I shall, on all Occasions, receive from you that Assistance and Support which may best contribute to these Points, so essential to the dearest Interests of My People, whose Happiness must ever be the first Object of My Wishes.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulations " of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns

" of

Lords

Amendments to Bill for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections agreed to.

741

34 Geo. III.

reported.

20° Junix.

Committee on London Militia Bill.

l. 36.

of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the same into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 34. After " Hour" insert " at not il less than Fourteen Days Distance."

Leave out from " Consideration" to " any," in Line 38, in the same Press.

Leave out " or any Usage."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

j'Mr Chancellor of the Ex-1 Tellers for the YeasJ chequer, f

- ----- ----- ---; J

55-

21.

1- 39-

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several " Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[The Lord Mulgrave

Tellers for

So it was resplved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Members who were appointed the Managers of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, for their Faithful Management in their Discharge of the Trust reposed in them;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

{Sir John Hadley jyOyly Mr. Jekyll:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And Mr. Speaker rave them (they standing up severally in their Places) the Thanks of the House accordingly; as followeth; viz.

Vote of Thanks to the Managers of the Impeachment against Mr. Hasting8.

} 50. 21.

Managers

thanked.

Tellers for the Yeas, {"S }

10.

Tellers for the Noes,

70.

fSir Watkin Lewes, 1 [Mr. Alderman Curtis :j So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gentlemen,

It is my Duty to communicate to you the Thanks of this House, for the Manner in which you have discharged a most arduous Trust, on an Occasion highly interesting to the Honour and Justice of the Nation.

The Subject to which your Attention has been directed, was intricate and extensive beyond Example: you have proved that it was well suited to your Industry and Eloquence, the Exertions of which have conferred Honour, not on yourselves only, but on this House, whose Credit is intimately connected with your own. A forcible Admonition has been given, on this Occasion, to all Persons in high Situations of National Trust, that they can neither be removed by Distance, nor sheltered by Power, from the Vigilance and Authority of this House, which is possessed of no Privilege more important, than that by which it is enabled to bring Public Delinquents to the Bar of Public Justice, and thus to preserve or rescue from Dishonour, the British Name and Character.

But in addressing you on this Occasion, and in considering the beneficial Consequences to be expected from this Proceeding, it is impossible not to advert to the increased Security, which the Constitution has derived in the Course of it, from the Recognition and full Confirmation of the Principle, that an Impeachment is not discontinued by a Dissolution of Parliament; a Principle essential to the Privileges of this House, and to the independent and effectual Administration of Public Justice.

Under these Impressions, suggested by the Nature and Importance of your Trust, and by the Manner in which you have discharged it, I obey with the utmost Satisfaction, the Commands of this House, by stating to you their Resolution.

" That the Thanks of this House be giver* to V®

Members, who were appointed the Managef^^^Te

Impeachment against Warren Hastings, *

for their faithful Management in their Disc*1 &

" the Trust reposed in them."

Motion for

Vote of Thanks to the Managers of the Impeachment against Mr. I lasting*.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Members, who were appointed the Managers of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, for their faithful Management in their Discharge of the Trust reposed in them;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

Vol. 49.

, Mr. Speakei

Speaker de#ire5

Ordered, Nertnne Contradicente, That M*- \ Zr Kim ~~TvTi»

be desired to print the Speech made this DaV^ Spm4i o in giving the Thanks of this House to the thanking:

of the Impeachment against Warren 1 '

A Motion was made, and the Question bei?^ posed, That the Thanks of this House be g‘ whicJl Thanks to Admiral Lord Hood for the important Servic Lord HchmJ.

9c

742

20° — 30° Junk.

A. 1794.

he has rendered to this Country by his able and gallant Conduct in the Expedition to Corsica

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Vote of Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given

Thank* to to Admiral Lord Hood, for the important Service which lord Hood. jje has rendered to this Country by his able and gallant Conduct in the Expedition to Corsica.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House doth acknowledge and approve the meritorious Conduct of the several Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, who have been employed in the different Operations which have been successfully carried on against the Enemy in that Quarter;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " That" the Words " the Thanks of this House be given to " Admirals Hotham, Peyton, Cosby, Goodall, Sir Hyde " Parker, and Lieutenant Colonel Villette, and the " other Officers and Men employed in His Majesty's " Land Service in Corsica; "

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Name of Admiral Peyton.

' And the Question being put, That his Name stand

Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inserting after the Name of Sir Hyde Parker the Name of Major General Dundas.

And the Question being put, That his Name be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That after the Word " That" in the original Question, the Words " the " Thanks of this House be given to Admirals Hotham, Peyton, Cosby, Goodall, Sir Hyde Parker, and " Lieutenant Colonel Villette and the other Officers " and Men employed in His Majesty's Land Service in " Corsica," be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Conduct of Resolved, NemineContradicente, That this House doth the Officers, acknowledge and approve the meritorious Conduct of &c. ap- the several Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, who

proved. have been employed in the different Operations which

have been successfully carried on against the Enemy in that Quarter.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Admiral Lord Hood.

House Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

tte3othIn? House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the stant. 30th Day of this Instant June.

London An ingrossed Bill for amending so much of an Act,

Militia Bill passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the P*88*1, Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several " Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending 60 much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same.

Ordered, That Sir Watliin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such Reward as His Majesty shall think fit to be made to Henry Partridge, Esquire, Doctor Nicholl, and William Grant, Esquire, Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for enquiring into the Administration of Civil and Criminal Justice, in the Island of and to John King, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such a Reward as His Majesty shall think fit to be made to John Spranger, William Grant, William Osgoode, William Roe, and David Reid, Esquires, Commissioners appointed by His Majesty to enquire into the State and Condition of the Isle of Man; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Address for I Reward to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Administration of Justice in Jersey.

Address fora Reward to Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State of the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 30th Day of this Instant June, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce, 30° die Junii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*U Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Answer of received, from Admiral Earl Howe, the follow- Earl Howe ing Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, Thanks signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 16th Day of this Instant June:

The Queen Charlotte, at Spithead,

2ist June 1794.

Sir,

Favoured with your Letter of the 17th, and the Communication of the Resolutions of the House of Commons on the happy Event of the late Actions between His Majesty's Ships under my Command, and the Brest Fleet, I am to request you-will have the Goodness to assure the House of the most sensible Impression I shall ever retain of the Honour thereby conferred upon me: From which Conviction, that earnest Endeavours may thus,* in the indulgent Sentiments of the House, obtain the Applause due to eminent Services, great Encouragement will naturally result for exciting future Naval Commanders to merit such Testimonies of Approbation.

The Appointment of the House to make those Resolutions known which regard the commendable Exertions of the Admirals, Captains, inferior Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers, of the Fleet, will be conformed to without Delay.

I am further to intreat that you, Sir, will be pleased to accept of my very grateful Thanks for the obliging Terms in which you have signified those Declarations of the House to me; and that you will be persuaded of the great Respect with which

I have the Honour to remain,

Sir,

Your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

HOWE.

The Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Ordered

34 Geo. III.

30° Junii. — T

743

Orford Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Earl of Yarmouth, now Marquis of Hertford, called up to the House of Peers.

Answers to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Addresses. House, that, their Addresses of the 20th Day of this Instant June (that His Majesty would'he graciously pleased to direct such Reward as His Majesty shall think fit to be made to Henry Partridge, Esquire, Doctor Nicholl and William Grant, Esquire, Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for enquiring into the Administration of Civil and Criminal Justice in the Island of Jersey, and to John King, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such a Reward as His Majesty shall think fit to be made to John Spranger, William Grant, William Osgoode, William Roe, and David Reid, Esquires, Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, to enquire into the State and Condition of the Isle of Man; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Book and Ordered, That the Book and Papers presented to recTto Com- House, sealed up, upon the 13th and 14th Days mittee of Se- of May last, by Mr. Secretary and which were

crecy to t*e referred to a Committee of Secrecy, be returned into

returned. the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, the 7th Day of July next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce, 7° Julii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Praters.

to Bills.

Royal Assent . M E S S A G E by Sir Gentle-

man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and ofie Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Loras, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Vo l.49.

the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, and the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in " this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain

" Cases

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the " Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the same into Consideration:

An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

" An Act for ordering the Forces in the several " Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London-, and for the better ordering the same:

An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House, or Houses, for confining and employing Convicts:

An Act to continue, lor a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament,

" for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of Africa

An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr. Leeds: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An London Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Militia Bill. Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties " of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the same; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Castle Rising the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the wreelecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castle Rising, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Henry Drummond, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tSor-Mvck the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for VJtvx-the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of the Rigjnt honourable William Windham, who, since his EAeC*?otv. for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Stewar<* ®

His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the Co0-0 'J of Berks.

A Motion was made, and the Question being prop0^?*. > That this House will, at the Rising of the House ls Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next; ,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to ® Question, by leaving out the Word. " Friday' all inserting the Word " Thursday" instead thereof. _ „

And the Question being put, that the Word " Friday stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Motion to i

this j°urn to Friday.

744

7° — 10° — i r juia

A. 1794.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Thursday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended,

being

put;

House re- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of

solves to ad- the House this day, adjourned till Thursday Morning

joum to next.

Thursday.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Honiton

Writ.

Milton Writ

Jovis, 10°;

Anno 34° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Afalton, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Edmund Burke, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Account of That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money issued Monies issued to, and received by, the King of Prussia, to the King of in pUr9uanCe of the Treaty concluded between His

Pniftftin ISro. _ \ T_. r 1

Majesty and the King of Prussia, signed at the Hague on the 19th of April 1794; together with an Account of the Number of Troops which have been employed, in Concert with His Majesty's Troops, in pursuance of the same Treaty;

It passed in the Negative.

Prussia, &c &c. Neg.

Address for for erecting a Monument to the Memory of Captains Harvey and Hutt.

Bishop's Castle Writ.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's, Westminster, to the Memory of John Harvey, Esquire, late Captain of His Majesty's Ship Brunswick, and John Hutt, Esquire, late Captain of His Majesty's Ship Queen, who died in consequence of the Wounds which they received in the Naval Engagement of the 1st of June last, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Admiral Earl Howe over the French Fleet; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Henry

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master of His Majesty's Household.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i Veneris, 11* die Julii;

Anno 34* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

PrAyers.

A MESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Message to Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, Mw

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth;

viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The State of Public Business enables Me now to His Majesty's close this Session of Parliament, in doing which I have Speech, again to acknowledge that Assiduity and Zeal for the Interests of My People, of which you had before given Me so many Proofs, and which have been so particularly manifested in the present Year.

I am persuaded that you entertain too just a Sense of die Nature and Importance of the Contest in which We are engaged, to suffer your Zeal to be abated, or your Perseverance shaken, by the recent Successes of the Enemy in the Netherlands.

In a Moment which so strongly calls for Energy and Vigour, it is peculiarly gratifying to Me to reflect on the uniform Skill and Bravery of My Fleets and Armies, the undaunted Spirit and unwearied Exertions of My Officers and Troops in every Situation, and the general Public Spirit of My People, which have never, at any Period, been more conspicuous.

I have observed, with the highest Satisfaction, the rapid and valuable Acquisitions made in the East and West Indies; the successful Operations which have been carried on in the Mediterranean; and the brilliant and decisive Victory obtained by My Fleet under the Command of Earl Howe, an Event which must ever be remembered as one of the most glorious in the Naval History of this Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

I return you my warmest Thanks for the Chearfulness and Liberality with which you have granted the large Supplies which were necessary for the Service of the Year, and for the Maintenance of a Cause equally important tb the Security and Happiness of every Class of My Subjects.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I feel it incumbent upon Me particularly to acknowledge your Diligence in the Investigation of the Designs which had been formed against the Government and Constitution of these Kingdoms, and to thank you for the Confidence you have reposed in Me on this Occasion. It will be a principal Object of My Attention to make a vigorous and prudent Use of the Additional Powers vested in Me for the Protection and Security of My People; and relying, as I do, with the utmost Confidence, on the uniform Loyalty and public Spirit of the great Body of My Subjects, I. have no doubt of speedily and effectually k repressing

745

84 Geo. III. 1 VJulii. — 19°Augusti. — 2°Octobris.- — 4* — 25

repressing every Attempt to disturb the Public Peace, and of defeating the wicked Designs which have been in Agitation.

It must not however, be forgotten, that these Designs against Our Domestic Happiness are essentially connected with the System now prevailing in France, of which the Principles and Spirit are irre-concileably hostile to all regular and &tablished Government: And that We are therefore called upon, by every Consideration of Our own internal Safety, to continue Our Efforts in Conjunction with My Allies, and to persevere with increased Vigour and Exertion in a Contest, from the successful Termination of which We can alone expect to establish, on a solid and permanent Foundation, the future. Security arid Tranquillity either of this Country, or of the other Nations of Europe.

Parliament After which, the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's prorogued. Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that ‘this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 19th Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 19th Day of August next.

Mart is, 19° die Augusti;

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Parliament rp H E House being met, pursuant to the last prorogued. Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the

Country,

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the 2d Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday, the 2d Day of October next

Jovis,2° die Octobris;

4

Anno 34* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1794.

Parliament ^"PHE House being met, pursuant to the last prorogued. Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the

Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, die 4th day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 4th Day of November next.

Martis, 4° dieNovembris;

Anno 35* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1794.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 25th Day of this Instant November; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 25th Day of this Instant November.

Martis, 25° die Novembris;

Anno 35° Georgii IIPU Regis, 1794.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Sp^ker being in the prorogued* Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 30th Day of December next , an the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tues ay, the 30th Day of December next.

[Index removed.]

